Emphasis is on results and techniques.
Emphasis is on retail decision alternatives used when formulating retail strategy.
Emphasis is on reuniting fathers with their children .
Emphasis is on revenue strategies, structure and control.
Emphasis is on reversed phase techniques.
Emphasis is on review of scientific literature.
Emphasis is on revision of writing projects, and preparation and presentation of texts.
Emphasis is on rheology of food heating and cooling processes and thermodynamics of food freezing.
Emphasis is on rigid and soft contact lens design and fitting.
Emphasis is on rigorous science, sound methodologies,and attention to fundamentals.
Emphasis is on risk analysis, internal control review, audit evidence and procedures, and sampling.
Emphasis is on road cycling, however some mountain bike rides.
Emphasis is on robust coarse grid corrections by means of operator-dependent intergrid transfers.
Emphasis is on roleplay and an extensive space system.
Emphasis is on Roman orthography and basic grammar, with some attention to dialect variation.
Emphasis is on rotary breathing and backstroke.
Emphasis is on rote learning and memorizing.
Emphasis is on rsm finance, finances financed established purchase purchases and on warrants.
Emphasis is on running faster and individual development through teamwork.
Emphasis is on rural and nonmetropolitan counties and regions.
Emphasis is on rural poverty and combating racism.
Emphasis is on Russian-era structures and natural processes.
Emphasis is on Russia's political and aesthetic uniqueness.
Emphasis is on sacred music.
Emphasis is on safe application of technique to choreograph stage fights.
Emphasis is on safe paddling practices and rescue techniques.
Emphasis is on safety and avoidance of potentially compromising situations.
Emphasis is on safety and control.
Emphasis is on safety and development of skills and techniques.
Emphasis is on safety and learning to move freely to the music.
Emphasis is on safety and skill development in solo and tandem paddling.
Emphasis is on safety but also covers the theory and practice of backpack electrofishing.
Emphasis is on safety controls, efficient production, and operational procedures.
Emphasis is on safety, acceptable range of motion and fitness.
Emphasis is on safety, endurance, timing, and water games.
Emphasis is on safety, self-esteem and, most of all, fun.
Emphasis is on safety, skill development, and trip planning.
Emphasis is on safety, speed, and accuracy in focimetry and all aspects of laboratory procedures.
Emphasis is on safety.
Emphasis is on sales techniques involved in various types of selling situations.
Emphasis is on sandstones, but coverage of conglomerates, siltstones and shales is also included.
Emphasis is on satisfactory basic knowledge in biology, physics and chemistry.
Emphasis is on scene study through improvisational techniques and textual analysis.
Emphasis is on scenery for the legitimate stage.
Emphasis is on scenic design for dance and technical aspects of lighting design.
Emphasis is on schematic diagrams and simple printed circuit board layout.
Emphasis is on scholarly and professional materials.
Emphasis is on scholarly learning and the use of Internet as a tool in the classroom.
Emphasis is on scholarly monographs for humanities and social sciences disciplines.
Emphasis is on scholarly practice, teaching, and research.
Emphasis is on scholarly publications.
Emphasis is on scholarly texts, research publications, and journals.
Emphasis is on scholarly treatment rather than popularization, textbooks, and children's literature.
Emphasis is on school-community action programs to conserve the environment.
Emphasis is on schools, but there is concern for business access in rural areas as well.
Emphasis is on science as a process of discovering both new ideas and new empirical results.
Emphasis is on science of plant growth and development.
Emphasis is on science publications, but the social sciences and humanities are also included.
Emphasis is on science, education,and conservation.
Emphasis is on science, technology, and medicine.
Emphasis is on scientific and engineering disciplines.
Emphasis is on scientific discovery and artistic expression.
Emphasis is on scientific literature in the physical and biological sciences.
Emphasis is on scientific procedure, ethics, and responsibility.
Emphasis is on scientific reasoning and testing as applied to understanding the solid earth.
Emphasis is on scientific research in nutrition and Food Science.
Emphasis is on scientific revolutions that have affected perceptions of space, time, and cause.
Emphasis is on Scotland and Scottish heritage, organizations, and events.
Emphasis is on script interpretation and execution of the design concept.
Emphasis is on scripting interactivity and animation.
Emphasis is on scripting languages, web database programming, and web server management tools.
Emphasis is on sculptural techniques and design.
Emphasis is on seamanship and navigation.
Emphasis is on searching for information in the traditional plant and animal sciences.
Emphasis is on seasonal, nutritious foods that take a minimum of time to prepare.
Emphasis is on secondary literature of a scholarly nature.
Emphasis is on secular music and the preparation of publication-quality performing editions.
Emphasis is on securing adequate safe housing for limited resource individuals and families.
Emphasis is on securing multi-year pledges.
Emphasis is on security attacks, malicious programs, authentication, and availability.
Emphasis is on security, configuration, data management, and system startup and shut down.
Emphasis is on security, configuration, data management, and system startup and shutdown.
Emphasis is on security, system availability, and problem determination techniques.
Emphasis is on security.
Emphasis is on sedimentary, geochemical, and hydrodynamic processes.
Emphasis is on seeing light while learning the technical side.
Emphasis is on seeking help at the beginning of a sleep disorder.
Emphasis is on selected major artists, monuments, and methods of analysis.
Emphasis is on selected problems and policies in the several regional areas.
Emphasis is on selected works of scientific and literary interest.
Emphasis is on selecting appropriate techniques to express creative vision in fine art.
Emphasis is on selecting the appropriate application for a workplace.
Emphasis is on selecting the right person the first time.
Emphasis is on selection and management of hardware, software, data, personnel, and procedures.
Emphasis is on selection, purchasing, food preparation, storage, and preservation of foods.
Emphasis is on selection, specification and performance evaluation.
Emphasis is on self exploration using formal and informal assessment tools.
Emphasis is on self-concept development and effective communication techniques used with children.
Emphasis is on self-defense as well as mental, physical and spiritual discipline.
Emphasis is on self-discipline, respect and self control.
Emphasis is on self-esteem and motivational techniques to achieve personal goals.
Emphasis is on self-esteem, coordination, flexibility and balance.
Emphasis is on self-exploration using formal and informal assessment tools.
Emphasis is on selflessness, cleanliness, emotional calm, and conformity.
Emphasis is on self-reliance, exploration and nature study.
Emphasis is on self-understanding and improving patterns of communication.
Emphasis is on semiotic relationships between typographic and other graphic forms.
Emphasis is on sensitive site design using both social and environmental information.
Emphasis is on sensitivity, service, and providing employment opportunities.
Emphasis is on sensory awareness, pantomime and story dramatization.
Emphasis is on sensory functions and the correlates of neuroanatomy and human behavior.
Emphasis is on sentence and paragraph development, along with grammar, vocabulary and comprehension.
Emphasis is on sentence and paragraph structures, word choice, idioms, and phrases.
Emphasis is on sentence combining and sentence composing.
Emphasis is on sentence structure and paragraph writing.
Emphasis is on sentence structure, paragraph writing and language mechanics.
Emphasis is on separating the different elements of programming languages and styles.
Emphasis is on setting fees, contracts with parents, record keeping, finances, and planning the day.
Emphasis is on setting priorities for patient care through the use of the nursing process.
Emphasis is on shallow water Florida environments.
Emphasis is on shaping the skills and avoiding practicing errors.
Emphasis is on shaping, routing and carving.
Emphasis is on shaping, routing, and carving.
Emphasis is on shared-use trails and cooperation among user groups.
Emphasis is on sharing and exposing data to other researchers.
Emphasis is on sharing applied knowledge and real world experiences among a diverse membership.
Emphasis is on sharing creativity and diversity, rather than serious competition.
Emphasis is on sharing creativity and vision, rather than serious competition.
Emphasis is on sharpening skills and developing teamwork.
Emphasis is on short one or two-day projects that are graded and discussed.
Emphasis is on short term projects and observations related to practice.
Emphasis is on short-term crisis intervention theory and approach.
Emphasis is on sight reading of intricate note passages and improvisational skills.
Emphasis is on sight reading skills and upon obtaining a performance level for public presentation.
Emphasis is on sights and interesting but brief histories by region.
Emphasis is on sights and interesting but brief history by region.
Emphasis is on significance of concepts as they relate to the real world environment.
Emphasis is on significant issues in the discourse on human possibilities.
Emphasis is on significant literary figures and movements.
Emphasis is on silicon devices, with mention of gallium arsenide.
Emphasis is on simple ballet steps and barre work.
Emphasis is on simple experiments and materials.
Emphasis is on simple moves which are suited for police tactics.
Emphasis is on simplicitly and minimality rather than completeness.
Emphasis is on simplification, assuring health and safety, and supporting consumers.
Emphasis is on simplified analysis technique with a view towards a preliminary design.
Emphasis is on simplified mechanical and freehand systems of perspective drawing.
Emphasis is on simplified systems of perspective drawing.
Emphasis is on simplifying DIS diagnosis using shop manual and simple test equipment.
Emphasis is on simulation methods and pole placement techniques for controller development.
Emphasis is on Singapore but has broad coverage of other countries.
Emphasis is on singing with the guitar.
Emphasis is on single subject research designs.
Emphasis is on singletrack skills including downhilling, switchbacking and cornering.
Emphasis is on sites hospice staff can use to get ideas and answers for common questions.
Emphasis is on sites useful for academic research by faculty and students.
Emphasis is on sites useful to academics.
Emphasis is on site-specific assessment, surveillance, and education.
Emphasis is on skill analysis and peer evaluation.
Emphasis is on skill building, visual learning, and a process approach to the work.
Emphasis is on skill development and encouraging positive attitudes.
Emphasis is on skill development and implementation of industry standard practices and techniques.
Emphasis is on skill development and individual instruction as well as team competition.
Emphasis is on skill development and musical understanding.
Emphasis is on skill development and scrimmage.
Emphasis is on skill development and team competition, with special attention to game situations.
Emphasis is on skill development for the enhancement of productivity.
Emphasis is on skill development in evaluation procedures and in coaching.
Emphasis is on skill development including recognizing and categorizing ocular motility defeats.
Emphasis is on skill development techniques beneficial to the beginner gymnast.
Emphasis is on skill development through practice and supervision.
Emphasis is on skill development through technical sessions and small sided games.
Emphasis is on skill development, stregth building, and sprint distances.
Emphasis is on skill development.
Emphasis is on skill improvement, maximum number of ball contacts and motivation.
Emphasis is on skills and abilities needed to perform at the operational level in the modern office.
Emphasis is on skills and applications related to success in algebra.
Emphasis is on skills and efficiency in programming.
Emphasis is on skills development and knowledge of the game.
Emphasis is on skills development, knowledge of the rules, and basic game strategy.
Emphasis is on skills development, process and conceptual awareness.
Emphasis is on skills enhancing individual intent and expression.
Emphasis is on skills needed to lead projects and interface with engineering and development teams.
Emphasis is on skills such as problem solving, quantitative reasoning, and critical thinking.
Emphasis is on skills to handle everyday situations.
Emphasis is on skills, strategy, and application of rules.
Emphasis is on skin-deep surfaces.
Emphasis is on small companies w ith limited environmental staff or expertise.
Emphasis is on small companion animals.
Emphasis is on small dent repair and rust patching.
Emphasis is on small group discussion, which helps the young people put learning into action.
Emphasis is on small intestinal type digestion.
Emphasis is on smoothness, natural movement, finesse, speed, balance, and control .
Emphasis is on sobriety maintenance and life skill or vocational development.
Emphasis is on social and instrumental activities.
Emphasis is on social and political thought as well as culture, religion, and geography.
Emphasis is on social behavior, especially the behavior of social insects.
Emphasis is on social change perspectives and cultural complexity.
Emphasis is on social demographic, housing, and economic data for states and smaller areas.
Emphasis is on social history rather than on technological developments.
Emphasis is on social importance.
Emphasis is on social or cultural contexts and integrated vocabulary clusters.
Emphasis is on social sciences, and law.
Emphasis is on social, political and economic changes.
Emphasis is on social, service, and spiritual needs.
Emphasis is on socialization in a small group setting without a parent.
Emphasis is on socialization to other puppies, dogs, people.
Emphasis is on socialization, basic manners, and discipline.
Emphasis is on societal reaction as well as sentiment about multinationals in general.
Emphasis is on sociological theories which explain deviant behavior.
Emphasis is on sociology, psychology, and psychiatry.
Emphasis is on socio-political issues.
Emphasis is on software and hardware product used to enhance communication and learning.
Emphasis is on software that is available free of charge via the Internet.
Emphasis is on software tools, presentation options, design and presentation considerations.
Emphasis is on soil and water conservation with some attention to wind erosion.
Emphasis is on soil conservation.
Emphasis is on sole proprietorship.
Emphasis is on solid mechanics.
Emphasis is on solid modeling in design, analysis and manufacturing.
Emphasis is on solutions to problems common to various engineering technology disciplines.
Emphasis is on solving actual business and organizational communication problems.
Emphasis is on solving case problems and actual credit situations.
Emphasis is on solving engineering problems using computers and numerical techniques.
Emphasis is on solving practical problems in an entrepreneurial small business setting.
Emphasis is on solving problems in environmental geochemistry.
Emphasis is on solving problems of financial policy faced by management.
Emphasis is on solving problems of financial policy that managers face.
Emphasis is on solving problems of motivation, communication, leadership, and group relations.
Emphasis is on solving problems that involve practical calculations.
Emphasis is on solving real-world problems in a professional studio atmosphere.
Emphasis is on solving technical and scientific problems.
Emphasis is on solving technical problems.
Emphasis is on song, prayer and dance.
Emphasis is on sound and intricacy of footwork.
Emphasis is on sound fundamentals in both the full swing and all aspects of the short game.
Emphasis is on sound spatial structure and synthesis of drawing and painting.
Emphasis is on sound theoretical frameworks rather than ad hoc approaches.
Emphasis is on sounds of words, parts of words, and reading.
Emphasis is on sources for temperate to cold temperate zones.
Emphasis is on South Dakota law.
Emphasis is on soybean and field corn production research.
Emphasis is on spa, gambling, hotel and ethnic history of Saratoga Springs.
Emphasis is on space, form, and time through the utilization of existing light.
Emphasis is on Spanish and Indian language areas.
Emphasis is on spatial and movement awareness.
Emphasis is on speaking and comprehension with additional reading and writing.
Emphasis is on speaking and listening comprehension.
Emphasis is on speaking and listening skills.
Emphasis is on speaking and listening to the language.
Emphasis is on speaking and listening.
Emphasis is on speaking and on understanding the spoken language.
Emphasis is on speaking and understanding the spoken language.
Emphasis is on speaking and understanding, with some attention to reading and writing.
Emphasis is on speaking German.
Emphasis is on speaking Spanish.
Emphasis is on speaking the language.
Emphasis is on speaking with a correct accent and syntax.
Emphasis is on speaking, and the course is tailored to students expressed needs.
Emphasis is on speaking, and the course is tailored to students' expressed needs.
Emphasis is on speaking, hearing, and reading.
Emphasis is on speaking, intermediate-high level grammar, American slang and idioms.
Emphasis is on speaking, listening, and reading.
Emphasis is on speaking, listening, reading and writing.
Emphasis is on speaking, middle grammar and American slang.
Emphasis is on speaking, reading, and writing.
Emphasis is on speaking.
Emphasis is on special approaches and demands of the musical comedy form.
Emphasis is on special marketing considerations affecting technical products.
Emphasis is on special materials, bifocal lenses and finishing techniques.
Emphasis is on special modalities.
Emphasis is on specialized training in couple and family therapy theory and technique.
Emphasis is on specialized transcription features.
Emphasis is on species of commercial or recreational importance.
Emphasis is on species with economic potential or conservation status.
Emphasis is on specific action that individuals can take.
Emphasis is on specific diseases and conditions.
Emphasis is on specific nations, people and concepts from the French Revolution to the present.
Emphasis is on specification for commercial interiors and liability issues for interior designers.
Emphasis is on spectrometric, electrochemical, and chromatographic methods.
Emphasis is on speech delivery, preparation, organization, research, support, and audience analysis.
Emphasis is on speech preparation, organization, support, delivery, and audience analysis.
Emphasis is on speed and accuracy development, keyboarding technique, and proofreading skills.
Emphasis is on speed and accuracy in all items on the competence list.
Emphasis is on speed and accuracy in keying alphabetic, symbol, and numeric information.
Emphasis is on speed, convergence of voice, video and data.
Emphasis is on spending as little as possible to encourage people to become involved with audio.
Emphasis is on spoken German.
Emphasis is on spoken usage.
Emphasis is on sponsorship of ethnic celebrations, sports events, music festivals, and art tours.
Emphasis is on sportsmanship and participation.
Emphasis is on sportsmanship, safety, and teamwork.
Emphasis is on sportsmanship, team cooperation and the promotion of good health habits.
Emphasis is on sportsmanship, teamwork, and the ability to develop strategies during a match.
Emphasis is on spraying and hand rubbing with lubricants.
Emphasis is on spreadsheet analysis of common elementary situations.
Emphasis is on stable, reliable sources of information.
Emphasis is on stacks, queues, lists, recursion, trees, sorting, and searching.
Emphasis is on staff organization, working with administrators, faculty and printers.
Emphasis is on staged processes, such as distillation, extraction and washing.
Emphasis is on stamina, muscular strength and cardiovascular fitness.
Emphasis is on stances, the hips, movement, and basic techniques.
Emphasis is on standard as well as custom products.
Emphasis is on starting and financing aspects, because of their uniqueness to small companies.
Emphasis is on starting financing aspects, because of their uniqueness to small companies.
Emphasis is on state policy-making, urban politics, and metropolitics.
Emphasis is on static fields in both vacuum and matter.
Emphasis is on stationary gas engines and outboard motors.
Emphasis is on statistical and directory information.
Emphasis is on statistics for experiments and on computer based analysis.
Emphasis is on steadiness and reliability.
Emphasis is on stereochemistry.
Emphasis is on stitching techniques and introductory patterning.
Emphasis is on stoichiometry and chemical equilibrium.
Emphasis is on stormwater management planning and design in an urban setting.
Emphasis is on storytelling and professional techniques.
Emphasis is on straightforward navigation and attractive graphics and color elements.
Emphasis is on strategic allocation of resources-both financial and other types of resources.
Emphasis is on strategic analysis, strategy formulation, and strategy implementation.
Emphasis is on strategic choices that create sustainable advantage.
Emphasis is on strategic management for middle managers, and the program has cohort groups.
Emphasis is on strategic management for middle managers.
Emphasis is on strategies for empowerment, justice and equality.
Emphasis is on strategy formulation and implementation.
Emphasis is on strategy formulation, implementation, and control of organizations of all types.
Emphasis is on strategy rather than action.
Emphasis is on strength, smaller muscles and cutting up.
Emphasis is on strengthening writing skills.
Emphasis is on stretching, basic gymnastics skills and strengthening.
Emphasis is on stretching, proper form and progressions, and injury prevention.
Emphasis is on stroke execution and endurance.
Emphasis is on stroke production, consistency and footwork.
Emphasis is on stroke, starts, and turns.
Emphasis is on strong management skills and ability to work under pressure and tight deadlines.
Emphasis is on structural elements leading to perceptive criticism of literature.
Emphasis is on structure and function of living organisms and ecology.
Emphasis is on structure and reactivity in relation to biochemical processes.
Emphasis is on structure and the materials of bookbinding.
Emphasis is on structure function relationships and mechanisms of signaling at the cellular level.
Emphasis is on structure, argument, and individual style.
Emphasis is on structure, character, conflict.
Emphasis is on structure, function, and the interrelationships of the human systems.
Emphasis is on structure, function, reproduction, and phylogenetic relationships of the plants.
Emphasis is on structured program design techniques.
Emphasis is on structured programming and general programming techniques.
Emphasis is on structured programming techniques.
Emphasis is on structured techniques using top-down design and program modularization.
Emphasis is on structured techniques.
Emphasis is on structures observable on ultrasound scans.
Emphasis is on structures, processes, and policy implications.
Emphasis is on student acquisition of knowledge rather than the delivery of information.
Emphasis is on student autonomy and decision-making.
Emphasis is on student composition to be performed in class.
Emphasis is on student generated conversations.
Emphasis is on student involvement and independent work.
Emphasis is on student participation and a very close reading of texts.
Emphasis is on student participation and exploring areas of current biological importance.
Emphasis is on student participation in experiments, seminars, and discussion.
Emphasis is on student participation, interaction, and broadening of student perspective.
Emphasis is on student participation.
Emphasis is on student research, writing, and presentation, including some role-playing.
Emphasis is on student-presented data and their conceptualization.
Emphasis is on students' artistic growth and development.
Emphasis is on students as consumers of research.
Emphasis is on students' enjoyment of the reading process.
Emphasis is on students involved in a number of different activities.
Emphasis is on studies of physical phenomena and concepts through computer modeling.
Emphasis is on studio production.
Emphasis is on study and practice of techniques that go into the composition of short stories.
Emphasis is on study of economic policy and institutions.
Emphasis is on study skills, time management and goal setting.
Emphasis is on study skills, time management, goal setting and research techniques.
Emphasis is on study, analysis, and application to teaching in the community college.
Emphasis is on studying cash flows.
Emphasis is on studying contemporary issues involving legal principles.
Emphasis is on style and diction, and on preparing and writing essays on literary topics.
Emphasis is on style, story development and research.
Emphasis is on styling and quality of movement.
Emphasis is on stylistic analysis of significant musical works from each period.
Emphasis is on stylistic and semantic analysis.
Emphasis is on stylistic developments and formal procedures.
Emphasis is on stylistic developments.
Emphasis is on subject area integration.
Emphasis is on subject matter appropriate to the program or discipline.
Emphasis is on subject searching of the web.
Emphasis is on subjects interesting to Jefferson County residents.
Emphasis is on subroutine computation with applications to problems in science and engineering.
Emphasis is on success and finding areas of strength.
Emphasis is on successfully developing and maintaining relationships with peers and supervisors.
Emphasis is on such current issues as tribal sovereignty, treaty rights, and education.
Emphasis is on such uniform-related materials as buttons, buckles, and insignia.
Emphasis is on summative evaluation with some formative evaluation included.
Emphasis is on superior, full color architectural photographs.
Emphasis is on support for the newly bereaved from peers guided by qualified facilitators.
Emphasis is on supporting an individual's personal exploration and growth.
Emphasis is on supporting life processes, animal systems, evolution, ecosystems and communities.
Emphasis is on supporting the student's reflective process.
Emphasis is on surface and groundwater applications, with some attention to atmospheric application.
Emphasis is on surface decoration and glazing.
Emphasis is on surfaces and materials and their binding, intersection, and juxtaposition.
Emphasis is on surficial geology and reasons for distributions of different landscapes.
Emphasis is on surgical anatomical approach.
Emphasis is on surgical techniques.
Emphasis is on surveillance, treatment, work, education and home detention.
Emphasis is on survey data.
Emphasis is on survey methods focusing on questionnaire construction, data collection, and analysis.
Emphasis is on surveying and comparing the actual structures discussed in lecture.
Emphasis is on sustainability.
Emphasis is on sustainable agriculture in developing tropical countries.
Emphasis is on sustainable agriculture.
Emphasis is on swimming strokes, life saving skills, and teaching techniques.
Emphasis is on swing practice and range hitting with limited opportunity for playing the course.
Emphasis is on switching devices, basic circuits, electrical distribution, and other related topics.
Emphasis is on symbol and logo design and includes corporate identification.
Emphasis is on symptom analysis and diagnostic troubleshooting.
Emphasis is on symptoms, etiology, and treatment of psychopathology and behavior problems.
Emphasis is on syncopated rhythms and isolations of the body.
Emphasis is on syntax and testing of the programs.
Emphasis is on synthesis, analysis, and portfolio development.
Emphasis is on synthetic macromolecules.
Emphasis is on system dynamics.
Emphasis is on system identification, time-varying systems, lossless scattering.
Emphasis is on system rather than product or instrument.
Emphasis is on system troubleshooting to the replaceable unit.
Emphasis is on systematic reflection, as distinct from merely thinking about the event.
Emphasis is on systemic and practical approaches.
Emphasis is on systemic educational reforms from kindergarten through graduate school.
Emphasis is on systems and socio-technical perspectives.
Emphasis is on systems approach as an integrative framework.
Emphasis is on systems design, operation, and component selection and specification.
Emphasis is on systems employing mechanical techniques and airflow.
Emphasis is on systems related to metabolism and exercise.
Emphasis is on systems, information analysis and resources.
Emphasis is on tactical training and applied leadership.
Emphasis is on tactics that can be immediately used in middle and high school classrooms.
Emphasis is on taking and transcribing dictation at higher speeds with mailability as the criteria.
Emphasis is on tandem and solo canoeing skills, understanding whitewater principles and safety.
Emphasis is on tandem and solo skills, understanding whitewater principles and safety.
Emphasis is on tandem canoeing skills, understanding whitewater principles and safety.
Emphasis is on tasks performed by line maintenance crews.
Emphasis is on tax planning and researching complex problems.
Emphasis is on taxation of an individual.
Emphasis is on taxation of individuals and sole proprietorships.
Emphasis is on teaching children and adults how to swim and be safe around water.
Emphasis is on teaching in classroom and workshop settings.
Emphasis is on teaching materials and methods.
Emphasis is on teaching patients self reliant health care strategies.
Emphasis is on teaching several techniques to perform the same task and the use of hand tools.
Emphasis is on teaching techniques, lead-up games and curriculum devel opment.
Emphasis is on teaching the fundamentals of the strokes through games and enjoyable activities.
Emphasis is on teaching the student to function as a professional within the agency setting.
Emphasis is on teaching the young athletes to understand and use basic skills more effectively.
Emphasis is on teaching with instructional technology.
Emphasis is on teaching, avoidance of complications and improving patient care.
Emphasis is on team building, effective practice, and application in a field-based setting.
Emphasis is on team sports and their relationship to the development of wellness concepts.
Emphasis is on team strategy, body mechanism relaxation, and social interaction.
Emphasis is on team work, communication skills, and computer aided analytical tools.
Emphasis is on team work, communication skills, and computer-aided analytical tools.
Emphasis is on team work, sportsmanship and satisfaction in doing one's best.
Emphasis is on teams of international, intercontinental researchers, early in their careers.
Emphasis is on teamwork and creating a working product.
Emphasis is on teamwork and group activities.
Emphasis is on teamwork for conquering design complexity.
Emphasis is on teamwork, cooperation, coordination, issue definition, and communication.
Emphasis is on teamwork.
Emphasis is on technical applications.
Emphasis is on technical development and more difficult material.
Emphasis is on technical development, creative expression and aesthetic judgment.
Emphasis is on technical fields and occupations.
Emphasis is on technical graphics as technical communication through freehand sketching.
Emphasis is on technical proficiency in pre-production planning and production of video programs.
Emphasis is on technical skills in the fabrication of single pieces of jewellery.
Emphasis is on technical skills, graphics, and computer software operation.
Emphasis is on technical tips and pitfalls.
Emphasis is on technical, legislative, and social issues influencing digital business.
Emphasis is on technique development and familiarity with contemporary meters and rhythms.
Emphasis is on technique development, and familiarity with contemporary meters and rhythms.
Emphasis is on technique development, familiarity with contemporary meters and rhythms.
Emphasis is on technique instruction and preparation for high school meets.
Emphasis is on technique refinement, theory of attack, and bouting.
Emphasis is on technique, color and design.
Emphasis is on technique, strategy, and tactics.
Emphasis is on technique.
Emphasis is on techniques and applications.
Emphasis is on techniques and computational skills.
Emphasis is on techniques and methods currently used in biochemical research.
Emphasis is on techniques and methods used in groundwater resources evaluation.
Emphasis is on techniques and practical design concepts.
Emphasis is on techniques and procedures with experience gained in actual play productions.
Emphasis is on techniques applicable to many domains.
Emphasis is on techniques for designing programs for classroom use.
Emphasis is on techniques for hump and tip refinement.
Emphasis is on techniques for identifying and teaching such learners in a classroom.
Emphasis is on techniques found to be especially useful for geological exploration.
Emphasis is on techniques generally employed, including some instrumentation.
Emphasis is on techniques necessary for basic understanding of the instruments.
Emphasis is on techniques of integration.
Emphasis is on techniques of intelligent reading and sensitive response to texts.
Emphasis is on techniques of problem analysis and the development of algorithms and programs.
Emphasis is on techniques of proofs.
Emphasis is on techniques of reading literature for intelligent enjoyment.
Emphasis is on techniques of research design and reporting.
Emphasis is on techniques used in conducting vocal ensembles.
Emphasis is on techniques, computational skills, and fundamental concepts.
Emphasis is on techniques, proper use of equipment, environmental practices, and safety.
Emphasis is on technological applications.
Emphasis is on technologies impacting the food, nutrition, hotel and travel industries.
Emphasis is on technology and engineering in North America.
Emphasis is on technology as it applies to the agriculture industry.
Emphasis is on technology integration as well as developing interdisciplinary teaching approaches.
Emphasis is on technology issues.
Emphasis is on technology with leverage for further income generation.
Emphasis is on tectonic influences on sandstone composition and diagenesis.
Emphasis is on telecommunications, and distance education technologies in classroom environments.
Emphasis is on temperate climate bamboos.
Emphasis is on tenant management and complying with the many often-complicated legal requirements.
Emphasis is on tennis.
Emphasis is on terminology and techniques applicable to the theatre.
Emphasis is on terminology, acronyms, and hands-on activities.
Emphasis is on terminology.
Emphasis is on terrestrial and freshwater ecosystems.
Emphasis is on territory design, performance and evaluation.
Emphasis is on tertiary prevention for adults who have long-term health alterations.
Emphasis is on testing and instructing, and the lessons are designed to be repetitive.
Emphasis is on testing of materials and spacecraft designs.
Emphasis is on textile and apparel products using other markets as models.
Emphasis is on textiles for apparel.
Emphasis is on textiles for interiors.
Emphasis is on textual analysis rather than self-evaluation.
Emphasis is on textual analysis, research and exploration of rendering techniques.
Emphasis is on the ability to critically read and interpret the scientific literature.
Emphasis is on the ability to distinguish pathological changes from normal variants.
Emphasis is on the ability to get along in daily activities.
Emphasis is on the ability to integrate processes across organizational boundaries.
Emphasis is on the ability to use higher order thinking skills to make work-related decisions.
Emphasis is on the academic rather than the devotional.
Emphasis is on the accountant's role in systems development and control.
Emphasis is on the accounting cycle and preparing financial statements.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of contemporary materials.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of drawing skills and an understanding of drawing media.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of knowledge and the comprehension of ideas.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of knowledge concerning forces affecting all business firms.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of materials in English.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of physical skills for lifetime participation.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of skills in writing, research, and analysis.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of skills necessary to create original visual images.
Emphasis is on the acquisition of vocabulary suitable to conversation about current affairs.
Emphasis is on the active use of language.
Emphasis is on the active use of the language.
Emphasis is on the actors involved in public policy-making, and the outputs of the policy process.
Emphasis is on the actual record of income, expenses, and rate of gain.
Emphasis is on the adaptation of topics and presentation of editorial policies and reader groups.
Emphasis is on the adaptations of wild animals to their natural habitats.
Emphasis is on the adaptations that shape animals to their environments.
Emphasis is on the adequacy of system functionality to support mission requirements.
Emphasis is on the adult learner.
Emphasis is on the adult with primarily acute health alterations.
Emphasis is on the advanced roles of clinical educator, consultant, and case manager.
Emphasis is on the air and water environment.
Emphasis is on the American system from an historical and comparative perspective.
Emphasis is on the analysis and description of human movement.
Emphasis is on the analysis and design of accounting systems in business entities.
Emphasis is on the analysis and design of networking applications in business.
Emphasis is on the analysis and evaluation of nursing models and related theories.
Emphasis is on the analysis and execution of psychological variables, and theoretical knowledge.
Emphasis is on the analysis and interpretation of experimental results.
Emphasis is on the analysis and interpretation of financial information.
Emphasis is on the analysis and teaching of individual skills and team play.
Emphasis is on the analysis and understanding of human behavior and leadership in organizations.
Emphasis is on the analysis of bodies in plane motion.
Emphasis is on the analysis of environmental policy.
Emphasis is on the analysis of fact.
Emphasis is on the analysis of interrelationships of items within financial statements.
Emphasis is on the analysis of text and exploration of creative problem solving.
Emphasis is on the analysis of the author and material and the development of vocal techniques.
Emphasis is on the analysis of the organization as a socio-technical system.
Emphasis is on the analysis, design, and implementation of a network system.
Emphasis is on the analysis, formalization, and assessment of natural language arguments.
Emphasis is on the analysis, identification and application of materials for interiors.
Emphasis is on the analytical foundations and the practical application of the methods presented.
Emphasis is on the anatomy necessary to understand surgical procedures and clinical diagnosis.
Emphasis is on the anatomy, physiology, and hereditary aspects of human biology.
Emphasis is on the Anglo-American analytical tradition.
Emphasis is on the applicability of research.
Emphasis is on the application of advanced practice nursing theory and research.
Emphasis is on the application of analytical techniques to understand price formation.
Emphasis is on the application of basic accounting theory using a case study approach.
Emphasis is on the application of basic and applied sciences.
Emphasis is on the application of current research findings.
Emphasis is on the application of database systems to information system design.
Emphasis is on the application of design of experiments to improve quality of complex systems.
Emphasis is on the application of fundamental chemical principles to biological systems.
Emphasis is on the application of fundamental principles to solve contemporary problems.
Emphasis is on the application of health information management theory and clinical practice.
Emphasis is on the application of irrigation principles to a complex irrigation system.
Emphasis is on the application of knowledge to nursing care of patients and clients.
Emphasis is on the application of language arts skills in the production of written communications.
Emphasis is on the application of legal concepts to solve problems.
Emphasis is on the application of management principles in the agribusiness sector.
Emphasis is on the application of mechanics to evaluation of sports performance.
Emphasis is on the application of multiple regression analysis and factor analysis.
Emphasis is on the application of nursing research in the practice setting.
Emphasis is on the application of personal computer imagery within various options for end usage.
Emphasis is on the application of principles as they relate to contemporary social issues.
Emphasis is on the application of principles of effective speaking to discipline-specific examples.
Emphasis is on the application of quantitative analyses to psychological research.
Emphasis is on the application of research to improve client outcomes.
Emphasis is on the application of research to improve outcomes for management decisions.
Emphasis is on the application of skills and problem solving.
Emphasis is on the application of social science principles and methods to the planning process.
Emphasis is on the application of solid-state devices to industrial applications.
Emphasis is on the application of statistical methods to research in the social sciences.
Emphasis is on the application of statistical principles to the design of a study.
Emphasis is on the application of strategic planning in marketing to achieve competitive advantage.
Emphasis is on the application of teaching, learning, and evaluation strategies.
Emphasis is on the application of the analysis techniques to cams, gears, and other mechanisms.
Emphasis is on the application of the financial planning process.
Emphasis is on the application of the nursing process to the care of the adult client.
Emphasis is on the application of the systems.
Emphasis is on the application of the techniques to real-life problems in diverse disciplines.
Emphasis is on the application of the techniques to the solution of problems.
Emphasis is on the application of theory and research to the solution of personnel problems.
Emphasis is on the application of theory in case studies, readings, films, and personal experience.
Emphasis is on the application of theory to everyday life through citizen apprenticeship.
Emphasis is on the application of theory to the clinical setting.
Emphasis is on the application of thesee topics to engineering technology problems.
Emphasis is on the approach to choosing and codifying the terms.
Emphasis is on the approach to the patient and gastrointestinal disease.
Emphasis is on the appropriate application of various technologies to support instruction.
Emphasis is on the archery form currently used in Olympic sports.
Emphasis is on the areas of business, biomedicine, chemistry, and technology.
Emphasis is on the areas of possible collaboration between public agencies in the U.S. and Mexico.
Emphasis is on the areas of spelling, vocabulary, grammar, punctuation, and sentence structure.
Emphasis is on the art elements as they relate to painting.
Emphasis is on the art elements as they relate to sculpture.
Emphasis is on the art of constructing and solving very large-scale, complex dynamic models.
Emphasis is on the artistic and cultural significance of the theatre.
Emphasis is on the artistic discipline, power, and beauty found in drawing.
Emphasis is on the artistic discipline, power, and beauty found in painting.
Emphasis is on the asset side of the balance sheet and related revenues and expenses.
Emphasis is on the atmosphere, weather, and climate.
Emphasis is on the attainment of basic skills while caring for a high-risk patient population.
Emphasis is on the awareness and understanding of basic organization ideas in design.
Emphasis is on the bacteria and viruses.
Emphasis is on the bacteria, but fungi, parasites, and viruses are included.
Emphasis is on the bacteria.
Emphasis is on the balance of payments and the international monetary system.
Emphasis is on the balance sheet and income statement.
Emphasis is on the basic anatomical patterns of vertebrate structure.
Emphasis is on the basic biological, psychological and cultural aspects of human sexuality.
Emphasis is on the basic clinical science courses necessary for a career in medical technology.
Emphasis is on the basic clinical science courses necessary for clinical laboratory science.
Emphasis is on the basic clinical science courses necessary for medical technology.
Emphasis is on the basic clinical science courses necessary to medical technology.
Emphasis is on the basic fundamentals of the game.
Emphasis is on the basic theory underlying the circuits and devices and on general lab techniques.
Emphasis is on the basics of learning, as well as foreign languages and computer science.
Emphasis is on the basics of presenting the plan of salvation.
Emphasis is on the basics of the Hawaiian hula.
Emphasis is on the basics.
Emphasis is on the basis of contract law.
Emphasis is on the biosciences.
Emphasis is on the birth process and health of children.
Emphasis is on the bonding and structure of organic molecules.
Emphasis is on the broadcast industry, although space is also provided for non-broadcast coverage.
Emphasis is on the building of skills in reading, writing, listening, and speaking.
Emphasis is on the buyer's roles responsibilities and actives.
Emphasis is on the capacity building of governance models and institution building in the community.
Emphasis is on the capacity building of human resources in the community.
Emphasis is on the care in the hospital setting of adult clients who require surgical intervention.
Emphasis is on the case method.
Emphasis is on the catfish industry but segments also depict other species differences.
Emphasis is on the cause and rationale for clinical manifestations of various diseases.
Emphasis is on the causes and consequences of technological change.
Emphasis is on the causes, characteristics, prevention, and treatment of the major disorders.
Emphasis is on the cellular level.
Emphasis is on the cellular processes regulating the acquisition of structure.
Emphasis is on the central nervous system.
Emphasis is on the challenge and change that high-technology brings to the workplace.
Emphasis is on the changing requirements of society and the probable outlook for various careers.
Emphasis is on the changing roles and responsibility of the library media professional.
Emphasis is on the chemical rules which govern the behavior of biological macromolecules.
Emphasis is on the chemistry of the body.
Emphasis is on the child care worker's role in relation to young children.
Emphasis is on the Christian and Biblical aspects.
Emphasis is on the Christian and Biblical viewpoint.
Emphasis is on the cinema as an art form, including foreign cinema.
Emphasis is on the class as a team, integrating knowledge and sharing research results.
Emphasis is on the classical myths.
Emphasis is on the client's strengths rather than on pathologies.
Emphasis is on the clinical evaluation and management of new cancer patients.
Emphasis is on the clinical relevance of basic science information.
Emphasis is on the collaboration between actor and director at every stage of the process.
Emphasis is on the collection and description of early land plant fossil remains.
Emphasis is on the common law, the laws of Maryland and the Model Penal Code.
Emphasis is on the common plans such as whole life and term insurance, and life annuities.
Emphasis is on the common rock forming minerals.
Emphasis is on the communicative aspects of dance movement.
Emphasis is on the comparative analysis pattern of interactions, functions and performance.
Emphasis is on the comparative study of religions.
Emphasis is on the completion of a research project under the guidance of faculty.
Emphasis is on the completion of a research thesis under the guidance of faculty.
Emphasis is on the components of opinions and on types of legal writing.
Emphasis is on the composer's contributions to society.
Emphasis is on the comprehension of academic texts.
Emphasis is on the comprehensive assessment, treatment, and evaluation of the client and family.
Emphasis is on the computer as a management tool.
Emphasis is on the concept and technique of production in practical situations.
Emphasis is on the concept of theorem and proof.
Emphasis is on the concept of wellness and disease prevention.
Emphasis is on the concepts, theories and research useful in consultation.
Emphasis is on the conceptual level.
Emphasis is on the conceptual, practical, design and management aspects of switching systems.
Emphasis is on the conference method of teaching.
Emphasis is on the conflict-driven narrative story.
Emphasis is on the consideration of line, shape, form, texture, movement, and space.
Emphasis is on the consolidation of corporate holdings given various complex situations.
Emphasis is on the construction and evaluation of arguments.
Emphasis is on the construction and execution of effective search strategies.
Emphasis is on the construction of realistic systems.
Emphasis is on the consumer.
Emphasis is on the contemporary cultural landscape, particularly that of the United States.
Emphasis is on the contemporary cultural landscape.
Emphasis is on the contemporary situation.
Emphasis is on the contemporary United States.
Emphasis is on the contemporary.
Emphasis is on the content and context of the works examined.
Emphasis is on the content and form of art in relation to developments in society.
Emphasis is on the content of each issue with direct application to worksite problems.
Emphasis is on the content, style, and literary structure.
Emphasis is on the continuation of development of imagery.
Emphasis is on the continued development of basic skills and carry-over activities.
Emphasis is on the continuing concepts of tax law and tax research and planning.
Emphasis is on the continuing study of authentic and representative literary and cultural texts.
Emphasis is on the continuous refinement of questioning skills.
Emphasis is on the contribution of each theory to the field.
Emphasis is on the contribution of feeding programs in child care centers and schools.
Emphasis is on the contributions to America's development and the problems encountered.
Emphasis is on the control of errors generated by the computer.
Emphasis is on the control of food safety and quality.
Emphasis is on the control of periodontal disease and the prevention of tooth loss.
Emphasis is on the coordination of media strategy with field ales force activities.
Emphasis is on the coronal polishing procedure as applied to clinical patients.
Emphasis is on the corporate and partnership forms of business.
Emphasis is on the corporate entity.
Emphasis is on the corporate form of business organization for both service and merchandise firms.
Emphasis is on the corporate form of business.
Emphasis is on the correlation between successive stages of growth in economictheory.
Emphasis is on the correspondence and reports.
Emphasis is on the corrosion of metals.
Emphasis is on the craft and technology used in mounting a theatrical production.
Emphasis is on the creation and revision of a variety of writing projects.
Emphasis is on the creation of a cost-effective solution that meets customer expectations.
Emphasis is on the creation of a workable toolkit for molecular biologists.
Emphasis is on the creation of artwork that is richly allusive.
Emphasis is on the creation of color standard for printing.
Emphasis is on the creation of good writing rather than the avoidance of bad writing.
Emphasis is on the creation of printed and electronic business publications.
Emphasis is on the creative development of arguments.
Emphasis is on the creative imagination and idea rather than artistic execution.
Emphasis is on the creative process.
Emphasis is on the critical analysis and solution of marketing problems.
Emphasis is on the critical analysis of current theory and research on collective phenomena.
Emphasis is on the critical analysis of existing policies and the design of new policies.
Emphasis is on the critical analysis of problems and their intelligent solution.
Emphasis is on the critical analysis of representative case studies.
Emphasis is on the cross-disciplinary nature of robotics and control systems.
Emphasis is on the cultivation of individual initiative and skills in critical analysis.
Emphasis is on the cultural and intellectual developments of the premodern West.
Emphasis is on the cultural and political changes that led to societal changes.
Emphasis is on the cultural experiences of immigrants and minorities.
Emphasis is on the cultural manifestations of ideas.
Emphasis is on the culture of Spanish-speaking nations of the Western Hemisphere.
Emphasis is on the cultures of nonindustrialized societies, especially primitive societies.
Emphasis is on the cultures of such traditional groups as bands, tribes, and chiefdoms.
Emphasis is on the current literature.
Emphasis is on the current state of theoretical astrophysics and research astronomy.
Emphasis is on the daily use of current interpretations of case law.
Emphasis is on the dance idioms of ballet and modern.
Emphasis is on the death of the old monarchies and their replacement by revolutionary movements.
Emphasis is on the decision-making process followed by corporate financial managers.
Emphasis is on the decision-making processes followed by corporate financial managers.
Emphasis is on the design and analysis of research projects and the writing of research papers.
Emphasis is on the design and creation of professional web home page.
Emphasis is on the design and operation of computer models.
Emphasis is on the design and use of outdoor spaces at residential and commercials sites.
Emphasis is on the design of a message or a series of messages to be presented through media.
Emphasis is on the design of algorithms and their software implementation.
Emphasis is on the design of algorithms using top-down modular design techniques.
Emphasis is on the design of experiments.
Emphasis is on the design of graphics systems.
Emphasis is on the design, building, programming, and debugging of interfacing circuits.
Emphasis is on the design, implementation and management of quality throughout the firm.
Emphasis is on the designer as both artist and problem solver.
Emphasis is on the detailed mechanims associated with each step of gene expression.
Emphasis is on the development and analysis of short fiction.
Emphasis is on the development and application of basic principles in a computer based environment.
Emphasis is on the development and function of physiological systems from protozoa to mammalia.
Emphasis is on the development and promotion of young adult library services.
Emphasis is on the development and use of accounting information for managerial decisions.
Emphasis is on the development and validation of selection systems.
Emphasis is on the development from drawing studies to the graphic media.
Emphasis is on the development of a computer application through use of the life cycle methodology.
Emphasis is on the development of a philosophy of higher education.
Emphasis is on the development of a practical program.
Emphasis is on the development of a strong fundamental technique.
Emphasis is on the development of a topic, use of appropriate rhetoric, and a review of grammar.
Emphasis is on the development of aesthetic criteria which are medium specific.
Emphasis is on the development of all aspects of college-level vocabularies.
Emphasis is on the development of all aspects of college-level vocabulary.
Emphasis is on the development of all language skills.
Emphasis is on the development of an appropriate marketing mix for international target markets.
Emphasis is on the development of analytic and writing skills.
Emphasis is on the development of analytical and critical abilities.
Emphasis is on the development of appropriate intervention programs.
Emphasis is on the development of basic keyboard skills, technique, and theory.
Emphasis is on the development of basic listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Emphasis is on the development of basic skating skills.
Emphasis is on the development of basic skills and knowledge of the activity.
Emphasis is on the development of Christian doctrine through Christian symbolism and art.
Emphasis is on the development of communication skills and analysis of current research areas.
Emphasis is on the development of comprehensive and professional practices.
Emphasis is on the development of comprehensive nursing skills.
Emphasis is on the development of conceptual understanding rather than on computational drill.
Emphasis is on the development of craft in handling poetic form.
Emphasis is on the development of creative style.
Emphasis is on the development of critical thinking, spatial literacy and design process skills.
Emphasis is on the development of cultures in the Mediterranean Basin and the Near East.
Emphasis is on the development of cultures in the Mediterranean Basin, the Near East.
Emphasis is on the development of diagnostic ability and work skills.
Emphasis is on the development of drawing as a foundation tool in art.
Emphasis is on the development of effectiveness in the teaching of economics.
Emphasis is on the development of employability skills and attitudes.
Emphasis is on the development of expression as well as technical proficiency.
Emphasis is on the development of fundamental motor movements.
Emphasis is on the development of good laboratory technique and data-taking procedures.
Emphasis is on the development of good laboratory techniques and the ability to work independently.
Emphasis is on the development of ideas, concepts, graphic impact and creativity.
Emphasis is on the development of independent, critical thinking skills applied to each subject.
Emphasis is on the development of listening awareness within the broad outline of music history.
Emphasis is on the development of map and globe skills.
Emphasis is on the development of mathematical ideas and methods of problem solving.
Emphasis is on the development of mathematical proofs.
Emphasis is on the development of mathematical reasoning needed for elementary teachers.
Emphasis is on the development of modern art in Europe and America.
Emphasis is on the development of modern dance as an expressive art concept.
Emphasis is on the development of musical styles and their historical, social, and cultural context.
Emphasis is on the development of our environment and on our effect upon it.
Emphasis is on the development of personal direc-tions.
Emphasis is on the development of personal expression through the medium of dance.
Emphasis is on the development of personal programs for fitness and wellness.
Emphasis is on the development of personal skills of argumentation.
Emphasis is on the development of portable and efficient programs.
Emphasis is on the development of practical analytical tools.
Emphasis is on the development of professional skills and the utilization of historic information.
Emphasis is on the development of reading skills and writing proficiency.
Emphasis is on the development of reading skills of simple texts and writing short essays.
Emphasis is on the development of skill in one specialty area.
Emphasis is on the development of skills and expressive use of the medium.
Emphasis is on the development of skills for intervention with individuals and families.
Emphasis is on the development of skills to complete a comprehensive health assessment.
Emphasis is on the development of skills unique to the delivery of counseling services.
Emphasis is on the development of skills used to identify and classify plants in the field.
Emphasis is on the development of skills, concepts, and processes.
Emphasis is on the development of sound understanding of rhetorical principles.
Emphasis is on the development of specific knowledges and understandings associated with the topic.
Emphasis is on the development of strong personal direction.
Emphasis is on the development of structural mechanics technology and advanced structural concepts.
Emphasis is on the development of syntax, semantics, pragmatics, and phonology.
Emphasis is on the development of systems at the work group level using common software packages.
Emphasis is on the development of systems specifications.
Emphasis is on the development of teaching strategies and activities appropriate for young children.
Emphasis is on the development of technical skill and creative perception and interpretation.
Emphasis is on the development of technical skills.
Emphasis is on the development of the artist through various media.
Emphasis is on the development of the basic concepts in each topic.
Emphasis is on the development of the conceptual skills of design analysis and interpretation.
Emphasis is on the development of the language skills.
Emphasis is on the development of the roles of parents and children in American history.
Emphasis is on the development of the student as an independent musician.
Emphasis is on the development of the student's personal and professional self.
Emphasis is on the development of tools for intelligent listening and appreciation.
Emphasis is on the development of visual and aesthetic awareness.
Emphasis is on the development of writing skills and on the group exploration of issues and ideas.
Emphasis is on the development, function, and continuing development of the theater in London.
Emphasis is on the developmental needs of children, and teaching opportunities afforded the teacher.
Emphasis is on the developmentally appropriate activities and competency as a childcare provider.
Emphasis is on the developments of academic and career goals.
Emphasis is on the diagnostic prescriptive approach.
Emphasis is on the diagnostic quality of radiographs and how to correct common problems.
Emphasis is on the differences between adult, neonatal, and pediatric patient care.
Emphasis is on the different types of audits performed and the environment of each type of audit.
Emphasis is on the discovery and trial phase of litigation.
Emphasis is on the distinguishing characteristics of music from various eras and composers.
Emphasis is on the distribution, evolution and extinction of major groups.
Emphasis is on the diversity of form and content in original art work.
Emphasis is on the diversity of form and content in original works of art.
Emphasis is on the drill, including the proper use of the sword.
Emphasis is on the dynamic connection to the music.
Emphasis is on the earth in space, use of maps and charts, and place geography.
Emphasis is on the Earth s dynamic systems, both tectonic and hydrologic.
Emphasis is on the Eastern Woodlands.
Emphasis is on the economic benefit received by both the individual and the employer.
Emphasis is on the economic, political and social environment.
Emphasis is on the economic, social and environmental implications of resource development and use.
Emphasis is on the economics of the spatial order within and among urban regions.
Emphasis is on the education of exceptional children in the regular classroom.
Emphasis is on the educational rather than competitive aspects of participation.
Emphasis is on the effect of present and potential economic events on the financial statements.
Emphasis is on the effective expression and comprehension of ideas.
Emphasis is on the effects of hormones on genetic expression.
Emphasis is on the effects of literacy levels on curriculum development and teacher methodology.
Emphasis is on the effects of migration.
Emphasis is on the effects of personal, group, and organization-level characteristics.
Emphasis is on the effects on work environments.
Emphasis is on the electron microscope as a medical diagnostic tool.
Emphasis is on the elements of design and drawing and their organizing principles.
Emphasis is on the elements, purpose, dimensions, theories and methods of analysis.
Emphasis is on the emergence of new forms of crimes or criminals.
Emphasis is on the emerging new forms of religious belief and action in the contemporary world.
Emphasis is on the enclosed volume rather than on the walls which define it.
Emphasis is on the enhancement of language skills in the context of contemporary Ukraine.
Emphasis is on the entrepreneurial process and the factors affecting behavior.
Emphasis is on the environmental impact of nuclear power.
Emphasis is on the epidemiology of lifestyle related diseases.
Emphasis is on the essential micronutrients.
Emphasis is on the establishment of effective communication amongst all parties.
Emphasis is on the establishment of standards for the human resources profession.
Emphasis is on the ethical and legal considerations involved in staffing decisions.
Emphasis is on the ethical and legal responsibilities of community health workers.
Emphasis is on the ethical dimensions of problem solving at the general management level.
Emphasis is on the eucaryotic cell.
Emphasis is on the European aspect.
Emphasis is on the European tradition, with a growing collection in music of other cultures.
Emphasis is on the evolution and organization of animal diversity.
Emphasis is on the evolution of rock and roll including a broad examination of musical influences.
Emphasis is on the evolution of the vertebrates.
Emphasis is on the examination and application of site planning processes and principles.
Emphasis is on the examination and historical analysis of books as physical objects.
Emphasis is on the examination of issues confronting various agencies.
Emphasis is on the experiential learning process and outcomes.
Emphasis is on the experimental methods of working with familiar materials and programs.
Emphasis is on the exploration and application of the most influential theories.
Emphasis is on the exploration and appreciation of nature through field work and observation.
Emphasis is on the exploration of various jazz styles and improvisation techniques.
Emphasis is on the fact that the bottom line of all school partnerships is student learning.
Emphasis is on the fallacy approach.
Emphasis is on the family as an interactive system and families in society.
Emphasis is on the family as client and assessment of populations and communities.
Emphasis is on the federal aspect.
Emphasis is on the female style.
Emphasis is on the field study of fresh-water communities.
Emphasis is on the final realization of a technically well-crafted and effective visual statement.
Emphasis is on the financing elements that make deals succeed.
Emphasis is on the first few centuries.
Emphasis is on the first item below.
Emphasis is on the five proven searching strategies and techniques.
Emphasis is on the flow of funds through the specialized financial market sectors.
Emphasis is on the flow of movement, body placement, dynamic intensity, level, focus, and direction.
Emphasis is on the following skills and competencies.
Emphasis is on the food system, natural resources, environmental policy, and community development.
Emphasis is on the formation of the philosophies and theoretical orientations to crime causation.
Emphasis is on the formulation and and use of quantitative models.
Emphasis is on the formulation and use of quantitative models.
Emphasis is on the formulation of theories and mastery of primary works in the field.
Emphasis is on the formulation of theories.
Emphasis is on the fortress, the castle, the city, the cathedral, the abbey, and the book.
Emphasis is on the four main concepts of person, environment, health, and nursing.
Emphasis is on the function and metabolism of nutrients at the molecular level.
Emphasis is on the function concept throughout the course.
Emphasis is on the functional and surgical aspects of the morphology.
Emphasis is on the functional and systematic relationships.
Emphasis is on the functional bases of anatomy.
Emphasis is on the functional blocks of the machine.
Emphasis is on the functions of professionals within the justice system.
Emphasis is on the fundamental principles underlying laser action.
Emphasis is on the fundamental reading skills necessary to improve general reading comprehension.
Emphasis is on the fundamental skills of first aid and accident prevention.
Emphasis is on the fundamentals of movement, rhythm, composition and style.
Emphasis is on the further development of competencies in bakeshop operations.
Emphasis is on the games that are taught in Finnish schools.
Emphasis is on the general ideas of hypothesis testing and estimation.
Emphasis is on the general improvement of oral performance skills.
Emphasis is on the general physical and chemical principles which govern hydrologic processes.
Emphasis is on the generation and use of information from all functional subsystems of a company.
Emphasis is on the geographic problems of Western Europe.
Emphasis is on the geology of the northeastern United States.
Emphasis is on the grip, setup, and swing.
Emphasis is on the group dynamics associated with communication and motivational skills.
Emphasis is on the growth of social thought leading up to the time of Durkheim.
Emphasis is on the growth of the elephant seal population, and pinniped ecology.
Emphasis is on the growth, physiology, and environmental effects of bacteria.
Emphasis is on the hardware and on the basic input-output details.
Emphasis is on the healthy body.
Emphasis is on the here and now rather than on problems from the past.
Emphasis is on the highest quality of performance and the development of ensemble technique.
Emphasis is on the historical and experimental approach.
Emphasis is on the historical and social background of each major writer.
Emphasis is on the historical and theoretical bases influencing education of young children.
Emphasis is on the historical development of the regions and on selected contemporary issues.
Emphasis is on the historical events and processes that have made the Constitution what it is today.
Emphasis is on the historical investigation of all areas of the aforementioned subjects.
Emphasis is on the history and development of both men's wear and the women's wear apparel industry.
Emphasis is on the history and future of the universe.
Emphasis is on the history and future of urban areas.
Emphasis is on the history of business enterprise in America.
Emphasis is on the history of political, social, and philosophical thought.
Emphasis is on the history of the South since the Civil War.
Emphasis is on the human condition, human institutions, and social systems.
Emphasis is on the human dimension of technology.
Emphasis is on the human dimensions of community-building, ecological design, and a sense of place.
Emphasis is on the human organism.
Emphasis is on the human relations aspects of the controllership function.
Emphasis is on the human reproductive system and fertilization of the human ova.
Emphasis is on the human tooth, although comparative anatomical aspects are also considered.
Emphasis is on the humanities and social sciences.
Emphasis is on the iconography and styles of the arts of various cultures.
Emphasis is on the ideas and lived texture of the Jewish experience.
Emphasis is on the ideas leading to the modern world.
Emphasis is on the identification of arguments and the assessment of their validity.
Emphasis is on the identification of main ideas, supporting details, and organizational patterns.
Emphasis is on the identification of parasites and the clinical significance of viruses.
Emphasis is on the identification of wholesale and retail cuts.
Emphasis is on the identification, classification and collection of specimens in the field.
Emphasis is on the identification, selection use and handling of ingredients.
Emphasis is on the immediacy and flexibility of the media.
Emphasis is on the impact and manipulation of color in both fine art and graphic design.
Emphasis is on the impact of computers in music and in the modern recording studio.
Emphasis is on the impact of information on organizational behavior.
Emphasis is on the impact of market imperfections on regional performance.
Emphasis is on the impact of recent changes in land tenure in Asia.
Emphasis is on the impact of recent judicial decisions on both enforcement and corrections.
Emphasis is on the impact of regulations on organization personnel and human resource policy.
Emphasis is on the impact of technology on the total school environment.
Emphasis is on the implementation of mandates, policies, and procedures.
Emphasis is on the implementation phase of the development life cycle.
Emphasis is on the implications of the analyses for modern educational principles and practices.
Emphasis is on the importance of adherence to ethical standards in the security profession.
Emphasis is on the importance of anatomy and conformation and the relationship of form to function.
Emphasis is on the importance of detail in planning to achieve the best possible results.
Emphasis is on the importance of family resources and social networks in stress management.
Emphasis is on the importance of keeping up with the data through weekly tracking.
Emphasis is on the importance of knowing the options and exercising personal choice.
Emphasis is on the importance of personal savings.
Emphasis is on the importance of providing products or services that meet the customers' needs.
Emphasis is on the importance of structures and pathways that effect motor function.
Emphasis is on the importance of teaching the patient safe use of prescribed medications.
Emphasis is on the importance of the family in the delivery of primary care services.
Emphasis is on the importance of the people who make the organization work.
Emphasis is on the importance of trust, sensitivity, and good communication at every stage.
Emphasis is on the important system engineering principles, tradeoffs, and practical rules of thumb.
Emphasis is on the improvement of the student's speech habits.
Emphasis is on the improvements of the student's speech habits.
Emphasis is on the individual as a taxpayer.
Emphasis is on the individual student and the development of the whole child.
Emphasis is on the individual student's writing.
Emphasis is on the individual.
Emphasis is on the influences of the family, the school, and the peer group.
Emphasis is on the innate divinity and self-worth of each young person in our charge.
Emphasis is on the integral role that religion has played in society and culture through the ages.
Emphasis is on the integrated study of electrical and dynamic properties of muscle action.
Emphasis is on the integration of classroom and community experience.
Emphasis is on the integration of content from all areas of the foundation curriculum.
Emphasis is on the integration of data communications into the automated business office.
Emphasis is on the integration of managerial psychology and managerial activity.
Emphasis is on the integration of physiological systems in different environments and circumstances.
Emphasis is on the integration of reading and other language arts across the curriculum.
Emphasis is on the integration of techniques common to differing areas of business research.
Emphasis is on the integration of the biological and physical environment.
Emphasis is on the integration of thinking skills and classroom content.
Emphasis is on the intellectual, artistic, political, social, economic, and educational factors.
Emphasis is on the intelligent, informed use of the body applied to dance as a performance art form.
Emphasis is on the interaction among health care problems.
Emphasis is on the interaction among health care providers in a culturally diverse environment.
Emphasis is on the interaction between clients and caregivers in their social environment.
Emphasis is on the interaction between culture and ideas.
Emphasis is on the interaction between performer, text, and audience.
Emphasis is on the interaction of body functions involved in homeostasis.
Emphasis is on the interaction of the three branches of government through American history.
Emphasis is on the interdependence of the functioning of all systems.
Emphasis is on the interdisciplinary approach to the issues.
Emphasis is on the interface design process using existing communication ideas and student projects.
Emphasis is on the internal anatomy of the foot as well as proper tools and shoe types.
Emphasis is on the internal anatomy of the foot, as well as proper tools and shoe types.
Emphasis is on the internal anatomy of the foot.
Emphasis is on the internal corporate venturing process, from selection to new venture creation.
Emphasis is on the interpersonal relationships of sexual involvement.
Emphasis is on the interpretation of accounting figures.
Emphasis is on the interpretation of imagery from imaging scanners and camera systems.
Emphasis is on the interpretation of material cultural remains in reconstructing past societies.
Emphasis is on the interrelationships between literature, reader, and listener.
Emphasis is on the intervening absorbers.
Emphasis is on the intervention phase of the nursing process.
Emphasis is on the introduction of programs to deter patterns of substance abuse.
Emphasis is on the introductory skills necessary to function within the system.
Emphasis is on the invertebrate animals and their relationship to other living organisms.
Emphasis is on the issues and problems of political and economic development.
Emphasis is on the issues and strategies that affect collection management and utilization.
Emphasis is on the journey from personality and body armor to essence, aliveness and creativity.
Emphasis is on the joy of exploring the affect of music on our ears, mind and body.
Emphasis is on the joy of learning and discovery.
Emphasis is on the key concepts and conflicts that generated changes in thinking and behavior.
Emphasis is on the laboratory application of concepts.
Emphasis is on the landmark cases, the statutes, and the pertinent contract provisions.
Emphasis is on the last century of development in the field.
Emphasis is on the last three decades.
Emphasis is on the law as a means of protecting the environment.
Emphasis is on the learning framework, so that information can be assimilated and sorted easily.
Emphasis is on the learning fundamentals and having fun.
Emphasis is on the learning paradigm and is student, patient, client centered.
Emphasis is on the lecturing component for all awards.
Emphasis is on the legacy of slavery.
Emphasis is on the legal-judicial aspects of environmental regulation.
Emphasis is on the life, customs, and character of the people today.
Emphasis is on the linguistic analysis of original as well as published primary data.
Emphasis is on the literary aspects of drama.
Emphasis is on the literary basis and function of the film genre.
Emphasis is on the local business community.
Emphasis is on the logic of problem formualation and design interface.
Emphasis is on the logic of problems common to many computer languages.
Emphasis is on the logical of theory construction underlying both classical and contemporary theory.
Emphasis is on the lower atmosphere.
Emphasis is on the main literary personalities and their major contributions.
Emphasis is on the mainland of Greece.
Emphasis is on the major body structures and systems.
Emphasis is on the major concepts in terms of normal responses to exercise.
Emphasis is on the major current issues and trends in the field.
Emphasis is on the major figures from Dryden to Goldsmith.
Emphasis is on the management and operations in the resort setting.
Emphasis is on the management functions of planning, organizing, motivating, and controlling.
Emphasis is on the management of elderly clients experiencing acute and chronic health conditions.
Emphasis is on the management of marketing functions in a global context.
Emphasis is on the management of marketing functions in global context.
Emphasis is on the management of reproduction, nutrition, and selection in beef cattle enterprises.
Emphasis is on the managerial applications of financial analysis.
Emphasis is on the managerial aspects of the wide range of activities required of the entrepreneur.
Emphasis is on the manager's ability to cope with personnel problems, conflict and change.
Emphasis is on the marine environment.
Emphasis is on the marine vertebrates.
Emphasis is on the market structure of the economy in the United States.
Emphasis is on the market structures, pricing and allocation, and the general equilibrium paradigm.
Emphasis is on the marketing mix - product, place, price and promotion.
Emphasis is on the mass media as a social and cultural institution as opposed to a business.
Emphasis is on the mass media's treatment of various groups in society.
Emphasis is on the mastering of main ideas, context and meaning.
Emphasis is on the mathematical analysis of concepts.
Emphasis is on the mechanics of handling accounts receivable in a retail institution.
Emphasis is on the mechanisms of aging as they directly influence movement.
Emphasis is on the media and methods of printmaking.
Emphasis is on the media in social, political and economic contexts.
Emphasis is on the media's treatment of various groups in society.
Emphasis is on the medium's impact upon society and the other visual arts.
Emphasis is on the mentally retarded.
Emphasis is on the method, stance, and purpose of broadcast critics.
Emphasis is on the methodical approach.
Emphasis is on the methods and process of science.
Emphasis is on the methods and techniques of solving problems.
Emphasis is on the methods and their computational properties rather than on their analytic aspects.
Emphasis is on the military aspects.
Emphasis is on the missing goose.
Emphasis is on the modeling of real-world problems.
Emphasis is on the molecular mechanisms involved in the regulation of muscle contraction.
Emphasis is on the more complicated grammar structures.
Emphasis is on the more serious forms of psychopathology.
Emphasis is on the most current and comprehensive sources.
Emphasis is on the most essential doctrines and creeds and on the Book of Common Prayer.
Emphasis is on the most recent.
Emphasis is on the muscular and circulatory systems, plus diet and conditioning in athletics.
Emphasis is on the natural environment.
Emphasis is on the natural history, ecology, and taxonomy.
Emphasis is on the nature of culture, social interactions, social groups and social institutions.
Emphasis is on the nature of genres and appropriate reading strategies.
Emphasis is on the nature of inquiry and the relationship between theory and research.
Emphasis is on the nature of intimate relationships, their development, dynamics, and deterioration.
Emphasis is on the neuroendocrinology of steroid hormone involvement in reproductive behaviors.
Emphasis is on the neurological, psychodynamic, and behavioral approaches.
Emphasis is on the neurology of the various communication disorders.
Emphasis is on the neurophysiological mechanisms that apply to the processes of voluntary movement.
Emphasis is on the neuropsychological mechanisms that apply to the processes of voluntary movement.
Emphasis is on the newsletter as a vehicle for two-way communication.
Emphasis is on the normal, although some common, complications.
Emphasis is on the normal.
Emphasis is on the nurse as a provider of care.
Emphasis is on the nurse as change agent and facilitator of family self-care.
Emphasis is on the nurse's development of skills for effective functioning with groups.
Emphasis is on the nursing process and learning of psychomotor skills required for sophomore year.
Emphasis is on the nuts and bolts of team operations, procedures, and communication.
Emphasis is on the objectives of various areas of mathematics.
Emphasis is on the object-oriented paradigm.
Emphasis is on the operating parameters associated with each of the instruments studied.
Emphasis is on the operation of basic electronic circuits and various components.
Emphasis is on the operation of the major organ systems at both the macroscopic and cellular level.
Emphasis is on the operation of tools, equipment, aircraft, and basic fire suppression methods.
Emphasis is on the operation, analysis, and troubleshooting of electronic circuits.
Emphasis is on the optimal and most cost-effective modality for each clinical problem.
Emphasis is on the oral presentation of well prepared speeches.
Emphasis is on the oral testimony of witnesses, although documents also are presented as evidence.
Emphasis is on the organ systems of the human and their interrelationships.
Emphasis is on the organization and structure of the organs and systems of the body.
Emphasis is on the origin and uses of plants, whether medicinal or agricultural.
Emphasis is on the overall design of on-line applications.
Emphasis is on the Pacific Rim countries.
Emphasis is on the parameters of policy formulation as well as social planning and impact variables.
Emphasis is on the parents' responsibilities for and influence on children.
Emphasis is on the participants' finding and furthering their own creative solutions.
Emphasis is on the participants, whose activities are carefully structured by the workshop leader.
Emphasis is on the participation of educational workers in administrative activities.
Emphasis is on the particular problems of managing a commercial bank.
Emphasis is on the past, present, and future uses of wild edible plants and other forageables.
Emphasis is on the pattern of formation of the aleurone granules in the aleurone cells.
Emphasis is on the pedagogy of probability, statistics, networks and basic geometry concepts.
Emphasis is on the performance of large choral works with orchestra.
Emphasis is on the period from post WWII to present.
Emphasis is on the peripheral joints of the lower extremity.
Emphasis is on the peripheral joints.
Emphasis is on the perspectives of history and the liberal arts and sciences.
Emphasis is on the Ph.D. degree and preparation for careers in research and teaching.
Emphasis is on the Ph.D. program.
Emphasis is on the philosophical issues that arise from the world view of each religion.
Emphasis is on the philosophies and strategies of officiating competitive athletics.
Emphasis is on the philosophy of using activity as a basis of treatment.
Emphasis is on the photo descriptions.
Emphasis is on the physical and organizational design of high-performance manufacturing systems.
Emphasis is on the physical dimension of the human body as a hemodynamic organism.
Emphasis is on the physical laws that describe how the earth has developed and continues to change.
Emphasis is on the physical laws which govern atmospheric phenomena.
Emphasis is on the physical nature and evolution of galaxies, stars, and planets.
Emphasis is on the physical world and the laws governing it.
Emphasis is on the physical, cognitive, social, and emotional changes which occur during childhood.
Emphasis is on the physical, mental, emotional, and social growth of children.
Emphasis is on the physiology, morphology, genetics and ecology of higher plants.
Emphasis is on the pivotal role which the veterinary technician can perform.
Emphasis is on the planning and execution of research, and the reporting of results.
Emphasis is on the planning, implementation and evaluation of a recreation leisure project.
Emphasis is on the planning, procurement, movement, and storage of materials.
Emphasis is on the play of the hand.
Emphasis is on the playing of the activity.
Emphasis is on the playing of the sport.
Emphasis is on the poem as an auditory as well as an intellectual experience.
Emphasis is on the policy implications derived from case analysis.
Emphasis is on the policy process rather than the details of environmental regulations.
Emphasis is on the policy-making process at the federal, state, regional and local levels.
Emphasis is on the political and ethical context in which policy decisions are made.
Emphasis is on the political and social history of the Middle East in recent times.
Emphasis is on the political dimensions of management in the public sector.
Emphasis is on the political processes in the suburban, urban, and state political systems.
Emphasis is on the politicized environment.
Emphasis is on the portrayal of a community.
Emphasis is on the position of quarterback, running back, wide receiver and tight end.
Emphasis is on the potential use of activities as recreational and leisure time interests.
Emphasis is on the power of music to communicate directly to our emotions.
Emphasis is on the practical application of concepts to the teaching of motor skills.
Emphasis is on the practical application of material learned in the prerequisite courses.
Emphasis is on the practical application of parallel systems.
Emphasis is on the practical application of psychological assessment in counseling.
Emphasis is on the practical application of research methods and statistical analysis.
Emphasis is on the practical application of skills learned.
Emphasis is on the practical applications of information technology.
Emphasis is on the practical aspects of geostatistical modeling in mining.
Emphasis is on the practical aspects of insurance planning.
Emphasis is on the practical aspects of model construction, model checking, and model prediction.
Emphasis is on the practical aspects of plant identification.
Emphasis is on the practical aspects of research.
Emphasis is on the practical aspects of treatment, and on treatment outcome research.
Emphasis is on the practical limitations and characteristics of basic fabrication processes.
Emphasis is on the practical limitations and characteristics of fabrication processes.
Emphasis is on the practical problems of handling workman's compensation cases.
Emphasis is on the practical use of digital logic, with an introduction to applicable theory.
Emphasis is on the practical use of the language.
Emphasis is on the practical uses of assessment and on short-cut techniques.
Emphasis is on the practice of consultative interactions appropriate to various work settings.
Emphasis is on the practice of nursing in non-traditional settings.
Emphasis is on the practice skills with patients and fellow health care workers.
Emphasis is on the pragmatic aspects of current government leadership and public agency management.
Emphasis is on the predictable crises and developmental tasks faced during each period.
Emphasis is on the preparation and properties of organic compounds.
Emphasis is on the preparation and reactions of functional groups.
Emphasis is on the preparation of documents and forms.
Emphasis is on the preparation of stocks, soups, sauces and vegetables.
Emphasis is on the present and future issues of concern to first-level leaders.
Emphasis is on the present disability, but also includes any related medical information.
Emphasis is on the present.
Emphasis is on the presentation of studio problems and their solutions through personal expression.
Emphasis is on the principle sof design, operation and control of service delivery systems.
Emphasis is on the principles of conditioning and learning.
Emphasis is on the principles of design, operation and control of service delivery systems.
Emphasis is on the principles of health care communication, medical ethics, and standards of care.
Emphasis is on the principles of, the resources for, and the dynamics of space planning.
Emphasis is on the principles upon which manufacturing processes are based.
Emphasis is on the priorities and practices of early childhood educators.
Emphasis is on the probabilistic and statistical properties of the models.
Emphasis is on the procedures associated with respondent and operant conditioning.
Emphasis is on the process and procedures to obtain and maintain a well-stocked supply of drugs.
Emphasis is on the process of building library collections.
Emphasis is on the process of creating rather than the product.
Emphasis is on the process of management as it involves concepts, behavior and practices.
Emphasis is on the process of management as it involves concepts, behavior, and practices.
Emphasis is on the process of modelling rather than on a tutorial in probability.
Emphasis is on the process of writing and the techniques of critiquing written works.
Emphasis is on the process.
Emphasis is on the processes and mechanisms responsible for such responses.
Emphasis is on the processes characteristic of U.S. and Canadian cities.
Emphasis is on the processes responsible for creation of geographic patterns.
Emphasis is on the procurement, development and maintenance of human resources.
Emphasis is on the procurement, development, and maintenance of human resources.
Emphasis is on the production of business documents using decision-making skill.
Emphasis is on the production of material to meet established editorial standards.
Emphasis is on the production of visual images.
Emphasis is on the products used in baking and their characteristics.
Emphasis is on the programming aspect of student affairs.
Emphasis is on the programming paradigms with which students are least familiar.
Emphasis is on the progress being made in fuel cells to broaden their use in practical applications.
Emphasis is on the progressive development of listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Emphasis is on the project-team design approach.
Emphasis is on the pro-life position that human life is sacred and worthy of protection.
Emphasis is on the proper methods of determining wear within the engine.
Emphasis is on the proper methods required to maintain physical operations and profitability.
Emphasis is on the proper use of hand tools, measuring instruments and equipment.
Emphasis is on the proper use of tools and techniques within each art form.
Emphasis is on the psychological development of the adolescent in the school.
Emphasis is on the psychology of childhood and adolescence.
Emphasis is on the psychology of skill development.
Emphasis is on the public sector decisin-making as it relates to food policy.
Emphasis is on the purpose and techniques of mathematics.
Emphasis is on the quality and quantity of original medical content.
Emphasis is on the quality of research and presentation.
Emphasis is on the quality of the acting and writing, instead of the scenery and props.
Emphasis is on the quantitative measurement of molecular parameters and transformations.
Emphasis is on the rationale and theory of censorship.
Emphasis is on the rationalization of behavior in terms of intermolecular forces.
Emphasis is on the reading and writing outlines, taking dictation, and transcribing documents.
Emphasis is on the reading process from the early stages of readiness through middle school.
Emphasis is on the real, the practical, and the applicable in everyday ethical situations.
Emphasis is on the reasoning and techniques used in physics.
Emphasis is on the reasons for and the effects of government intervention in the economy.
Emphasis is on the reduction of dispute through knowledge.
Emphasis is on the refinement of individual writing styles and the critical analysis of literature.
Emphasis is on the refinement of technique and elements of performance.
Emphasis is on the regional relations of cities and central place theory.
Emphasis is on the relation between the educational setting and the appropriate type of evaluation.
Emphasis is on the relation of personality and situational factors in determining behavior.
Emphasis is on the relational data model.
Emphasis is on the relational model.
Emphasis is on the relationship between basic science and clinical aspects of cancer.
Emphasis is on the relationship between human nutrition and growth, development and health.
Emphasis is on the relationship between orality and literacy.
Emphasis is on the relationship between programming language and machine components.
Emphasis is on the relationship between social problems and social change.
Emphasis is on the relationship between the emerging culture and literature.
Emphasis is on the relationship between the internal and external development of the nation.
Emphasis is on the relationship between the internal and the external development of the nation.
Emphasis is on the relationship between theory and practice.
Emphasis is on the relationship between thinking and writing.
Emphasis is on the relationship of data analysis and research design.
Emphasis is on the relationship of home and school to child.
Emphasis is on the relationship of neurophysiological and cognitive principles.
Emphasis is on the relationship of nutrition to growth, development and health.
Emphasis is on the relationship of nutrition to growth, development, and health.
Emphasis is on the relationship of risk factors and prevention strategies to health education.
Emphasis is on the relationship system and the dynamics of sexual functioning within that system.
Emphasis is on the relationships among Recent genera, but major fossil groups are considered.
Emphasis is on the relationships between social factors and health.
Emphasis is on the relevance of an anthropological perspective for the study of disruption.
Emphasis is on the relevance of economic analysis for effective decision making.
Emphasis is on the reporting of liabilities and stockholders' equity.
Emphasis is on the reporting of liabilities and stockholders equity.
Emphasis is on the research process and critiquing health care research.
Emphasis is on the Revolutionary period.
Emphasis is on the role and administration of the court in criminal justice.
Emphasis is on the role and function and scope of practice of the radiologic technologist.
Emphasis is on the role and function of the professional nurse as an educator in health care.
Emphasis is on the role of behavior science.
Emphasis is on the role of criminal justice personnel in the criminal law process.
Emphasis is on the role of emotional and cognitive factors as motivational variables.
Emphasis is on the role of greenways in countering habitat loss and fragmentation.
Emphasis is on the role of images and design elements in an interactive environment.
Emphasis is on the role of individual and dual sports in achieving a lifestyle of wellness.
Emphasis is on the role of information systems within each of the functional areas of business.
Emphasis is on the role of management in formulation of strategy and long range planning.
Emphasis is on the role of marketing in the organization.
Emphasis is on the role of mass media as a source and purveyor of culture.
Emphasis is on the role of mass media in modern society.
Emphasis is on the role of nutrients in improving health outcomes.
Emphasis is on the role of optimization techniques in economic models.
Emphasis is on the role of quality in the total production cycle.
Emphasis is on the role of techno-environmental factors in Indian cultural change.
Emphasis is on the role of the classroom teacher in the comprehensive school health program.
Emphasis is on the role of the computer in today's society.
Emphasis is on the role of the computer resource specialist.
Emphasis is on the role of the consumer.
Emphasis is on the role of the environment in the development of economic and religious systems.
Emphasis is on the role of the finance executive in a business.
Emphasis is on the role of the first-line supervisor.
Emphasis is on the role of the individual in society.
Emphasis is on the role of the individual programmer in large software development projects.
Emphasis is on the role of the media in campaigns and elections.
Emphasis is on the role of the nurse in the health teaching process.
Emphasis is on the role of the practical nurse in relationship to the nursing process.
Emphasis is on the role of the principal in leading systemic and comprehensive staff development.
Emphasis is on the role of the professional in the program.
Emphasis is on the role of the teacher in curriculum development.
Emphasis is on the role of the victim in the generation of crime.
Emphasis is on the role of various organ systems that contribute to homeostasis.
Emphasis is on the role that corporate travel plays in marketing the corporation.
Emphasis is on the role that microorganisms play in human health and disease.
Emphasis is on the roles and relationships of workers in the American legal system.
Emphasis is on the roles of France and the United States in Vietnam.
Emphasis is on the roles of monetary policy and fiscal policy in determining macroeconomic policy.
Emphasis is on the safe development of a personal strength program.
Emphasis is on the safe handling of media, with use of nontoxic media encouraged.
Emphasis is on the scientific approach as it relates to the nursing process.
Emphasis is on the scientific approach to teaching and learning.
Emphasis is on the scientific method and experimental procedure.
Emphasis is on the scientific study of religion.
Emphasis is on the sensorimotor sequelae of disease or injury.
Emphasis is on the servicing of commercial and residential equipment.
Emphasis is on the significance of economic concepts in the public school curriculum.
Emphasis is on the similar operating characteristics of all kinds of transducers.
Emphasis is on the simplification, dimensional analysis, and scaling of mathematical models.
Emphasis is on the simultaneous use of manual and digital media.
Emphasis is on the six processes of nursing, self care requisites, and holistic health.
Emphasis is on the sixteen leadership dimensions.
Emphasis is on the skills and rules to participate in a variety of lifetime sports.
Emphasis is on the skills and techniques specific to post or perimeter play.
Emphasis is on the skills involved and on playing the sport.
Emphasis is on the skills required of professional administrative support.
Emphasis is on the social and economic reasons which caused styles to change.
Emphasis is on the social and moral responsibility of health care.
Emphasis is on the social processes resulting from interaction over time in the world system.
Emphasis is on the social sciences.
Emphasis is on the social, political, and economic forces that have shaped our nation.
Emphasis is on the socialization process as it relates to social problems and human deviation.
Emphasis is on the solar system.
Emphasis is on the sole proprietorship, including both service and merchandising entities.
Emphasis is on the southeastern United States and the Appalachian Basin region.
Emphasis is on the special problems of the neonate and high risk children and adolescents.
Emphasis is on the speed of conceptualization and rendering.
Emphasis is on the spelling, definition, pronunciation, and usage of medical terms.
Emphasis is on the spine and the breath for increasing flexibility and strength.
Emphasis is on the spine.
Emphasis is on the spoken form and on the cultures of Latin American countries and Spain.
Emphasis is on the spoken form.
Emphasis is on the spoken language.
Emphasis is on the spontaneous, splashy look.
Emphasis is on the states of the southeast.
Emphasis is on the stock and bond markets.
Emphasis is on the structure and development of such models.
Emphasis is on the structure and form of type and how it is used in contemporary graphic design.
Emphasis is on the structure and processes involved in such problems.
Emphasis is on the structure and the deductive nature of mathematics.
Emphasis is on the structure of molecules rather than on atomic structure.
Emphasis is on the struggle for social and political equality in a developing capitalist economy.
Emphasis is on the struggle for social and political equalityin a developing capitalist economy.
Emphasis is on the student working and observing in the practical work situation.
Emphasis is on the student's acquiring the skills needed for diagnosing reading weaknesses.
Emphasis is on the student's daily work.
Emphasis is on the student's personal development and refinement of personal expression.
Emphasis is on the study and application of current problem-solving theories and techniques.
Emphasis is on the study and use of medical terminology in medical transcription.
Emphasis is on the study of authentic and representative literary and cultural texts.
Emphasis is on the study of biculturalism in the United States.
Emphasis is on the study of contemporary American society.
Emphasis is on the study of form, decorative textures, and color.
Emphasis is on the study of function in the body and a basic knowledge of gross anatomy.
Emphasis is on the study of line, tone, shade, texture, and color.
Emphasis is on the study of natural and cultural landscape features at selected localities.
Emphasis is on the study of seizure disorders.
Emphasis is on the study procedure and the methods employed.
Emphasis is on the substantive area of law.
Emphasis is on the sue of authoring and scripting systems to create instructional software.
Emphasis is on the summary, the critique, the synthesis, and the proposal.
Emphasis is on the supervisor as a trainer.
Emphasis is on the supervisor as trainer.
Emphasis is on the surname SEE, but there is much information on allied families included.
Emphasis is on the survey, design, and construction of cast partial denture frameworks.
Emphasis is on the syllable with a written accent.
Emphasis is on the syndromic approach to disease.
Emphasis is on the synthesis of materials ordinarily taught as separate subject areas.
Emphasis is on the synthesis or integration of knowledge, skills and values.
Emphasis is on the system, standards and practices used to create working drawing.
Emphasis is on the systematic observation and analysis of teacher and student behaviors.
Emphasis is on the task of the laymen today.
Emphasis is on the tax accounting concepts of the law.
Emphasis is on the teacher as researcher.
Emphasis is on the teacher as the decision-maker in instructional planning.
Emphasis is on the teaching aspect of the assistant's work.
Emphasis is on the teaching aspect of the working with the client.
Emphasis is on the team approach to many activities.
Emphasis is on the technical principles of networking.
Emphasis is on the techniques for the continuous improvement of quality and productivity.
Emphasis is on the techniques of criticism and individual and group studio teaching.
Emphasis is on the techniques of effective management as applied to a service organization.
Emphasis is on the techniques of modeling, casting, carving, and assembly.
Emphasis is on the techniques used to calculate, record, summarize and present financial data.
Emphasis is on the technologies involved and on associated systems analysis and design issues.
Emphasis is on the terms import and export.
Emphasis is on the the research methodology of psychology.
Emphasis is on the thematic, structural, and stylistic problems of extended narrative.
Emphasis is on the theoretical assumptions underlying the models and their strengths and weaknesses.
Emphasis is on the theory of the firm.
Emphasis is on the therapeutic rather than diagnostic aspects of interventional radiology.
Emphasis is on the three dimensional structure of the atmosphere.
Emphasis is on the tools, such as media and publication, in planning public relations programs.
Emphasis is on the touch system, correct techniques, and development of speed and accuracy.
Emphasis is on the training of paramedical personnel.
Emphasis is on the training, retraining and certification needed and where to get it.
Emphasis is on the transfer of economic concepts to real world situations.
Emphasis is on the transfer of innovative ideas and good practice.
Emphasis is on the transition elements.
Emphasis is on the translation of theory and knowledge into skilled practice.
Emphasis is on the travel experience and improving photo quality.
Emphasis is on the treatment in books of contemporary social problems and conditions.
Emphasis is on the tribes of the Northern Plains region.
Emphasis is on the twelve leadership dimensions.
Emphasis is on the underlying psychological reasons' for needing to drink.
Emphasis is on the underlying theoretical concepts involved.
Emphasis is on the understanding and application of basic concepts.
Emphasis is on the understanding of accounting concepts.
Emphasis is on the understanding of advanced empirical methods in education.
Emphasis is on the understanding of cost and cost behavior.
Emphasis is on the understanding of the concepts and applications of calculus.
Emphasis is on the Uniform Commercial Code.
Emphasis is on the union of aesthetics and good craftsmanship.
Emphasis is on the unique characteristics and behaviors each individual bird.
Emphasis is on the unique characteristics and ways the fields overlap and enhance one another.
Emphasis is on the unique personal attitudes and interests of the student.
Emphasis is on the uniqueness of the individual.
Emphasis is on the United States, but there are links to international information as well.
Emphasis is on the United States, especially the Southern states, and Europe.
Emphasis is on the United States.
Emphasis is on the use and interpretation of statistical tools for data analysis.
Emphasis is on the use and interpretation of statistical tools For data analysis.
Emphasis is on the use of accounting as a tool for management decision-making.
Emphasis is on the use of accounting data for decision making.
Emphasis is on the use of accounting in decision making.
Emphasis is on the use of accounting information for decision making.
Emphasis is on the use of accounting information for determining and achieving organizational goals.
Emphasis is on the use of accounting information in controlling the operations of a business.
Emphasis is on the use of action, movement, design and rhythm in staging techniques.
Emphasis is on the use of appropriate practices in firms of various types and sizes.
Emphasis is on the use of astronomical tables and instruments in practical problems.
Emphasis is on the use of authentic and performance assessment to determine learner progress.
Emphasis is on the use of black and white media.
Emphasis is on the use of computer hardware and software for individual creative expression.
Emphasis is on the use of computerized equipment, networking, and communications technology.
Emphasis is on the use of computerized equipment, software, and communications technology.
Emphasis is on the use of computers by planners and graphic presentations.
Emphasis is on the use of computers for biological data handling and analysis of problems.
Emphasis is on the use of consumer behavior models in the development of marketing strategies.
Emphasis is on the use of control systems for managerial planning, analysis and evaluation.
Emphasis is on the use of database software for business applications.
Emphasis is on the use of dimensional analysis techniques.
Emphasis is on the use of econometric software to analyze data and to test hypotheses.
Emphasis is on the use of economic information for decision making.
Emphasis is on the use of formal methods as practical tools that aid in software development.
Emphasis is on the use of fundamental theoretical and analytical tools.
Emphasis is on the use of ground forces, aircraft, and extinguishing agents.
Emphasis is on the use of group dynamics in the decision-making process.
Emphasis is on the use of industry-standard software to maximize productivity.
Emphasis is on the use of language for everyday communication.
Emphasis is on the use of literary, historical, archeological, and cultural analysis.
Emphasis is on the use of marketing variables in decision-making.
Emphasis is on the use of microcomputers and a commercial word processing package.
Emphasis is on the use of models for portfolio selection.
Emphasis is on the use of molecular techniques for plant and animal improvement.
Emphasis is on the use of multivariate statistical techniques.
Emphasis is on the use of non-linear rheological equations of state and mathematical models.
Emphasis is on the use of occupational safety and health codes.
Emphasis is on the use of rational techniques and processes in planning and policy management.
Emphasis is on the use of regression, time-series models, and other econometric methods.
Emphasis is on the use of social surveys, qualitative interviews, data analysis and interpretation.
Emphasis is on the use of spreadsheet models to solve real world problems.
Emphasis is on the use of spreadsheets, database management facilities, and graphic presentation.
Emphasis is on the use of standard procedures so that comparable results can be obtained.
Emphasis is on the use of subroutines.
Emphasis is on the use of technologies and their impact.
Emphasis is on the use of technology to solve real-world problems.
Emphasis is on the use of test results in counseling with individuals and families.
Emphasis is on the use of the aids to develop and control the movements of the performance horse.
Emphasis is on the use of the camera as a tool for image control.
Emphasis is on the use of the Graphing Calculator.
Emphasis is on the use of the nursing process to plan, provide and coordinate quality care.
Emphasis is on the use of the potter's wheel, high-fire ware production, glazing and firing.
Emphasis is on the use of the processor to control external systems and devices.
Emphasis is on the use of the Spanish language in the every day affairs of the culture.
Emphasis is on the use of traditional Native American beading techniques.
Emphasis is on the use of visual aids within the presentation.
Emphasis is on the use rather than preparation of financial statements.
Emphasis is on the uses of accounting information in decision making by internal and external users.
Emphasis is on the utilization and generation of research relevant to nursing.
Emphasis is on the utilization of children's literature in teaching social studies.
Emphasis is on the various formative stages of the clay-working process.
Emphasis is on the various forms used in travel documentation.
Emphasis is on the various offensive and defensive skills.
Emphasis is on the vascular plants, including the taxonomy and life cycles of major plant divisions.
Emphasis is on the verbal description.
Emphasis is on the verification and performance analysis of network control processes.
Emphasis is on the vertebrates.
Emphasis is on the visual arts.
Emphasis is on the visualization of objects through precise and systematic analysis.
Emphasis is on the War Between the States.
Emphasis is on the way history is reflected in Czech art and literature.
Emphasis is on the way resource use has shaped society.
Emphasis is on the western art music tradition.
Emphasis is on the Western Hemisphere, with special concern for Texas, the Southwest and Mexico.
Emphasis is on the western North Atlantic ocean.
Emphasis is on the western part of the Indian Ocean, especially India, Arabia, and east Africa.
Emphasis is on the western United States.
Emphasis is on the word normally.
Emphasis is on the workings of the real estate business.
Emphasis is on the works of a few major w riters.
Emphasis is on the works of principal authors as they reflect literary and historical backgrounds.
Emphasis is on the works of the philosophes and on the development of the novel.
Emphasis is on the writing of clear, concise, and persuasive letters, memos, and reports.
Emphasis is on the writing of inquiry programs, maintenance programs, and subfile processing.
Emphasis is on the writing process.
Emphasis is on the written form through composition.
Emphasis is on the written language.
Emphasis is on theatre.
Emphasis is on their ecology and epidemiology.
Emphasis is on their history and development in the United States.
Emphasis is on their interactions and processes.
Emphasis is on their relationship to management.
Emphasis is on their unique message, fulfillment and application for today.
Emphasis is on their unique message, fulfillment and application to today.
Emphasis is on their use in process control and data analysis.
Emphasis is on their use in teaching the regular curriculum.
Emphasis is on theme, composers, performers, producers, and choreographers.
Emphasis is on themes from nature and the use of natural materials.
Emphasis is on themes shown by recent reseasrch to be most significant to midlife women today.
Emphasis is on theorem proving.
Emphasis is on theoretic approaches.
Emphasis is on theoretical approaches to developmental and empirical findings.
Emphasis is on theoretical aspects.
Emphasis is on theoretical backgrounds of the operations of calculus.
Emphasis is on theoretical perspectives and policy implementation.
Emphasis is on theoretical work that has seen substantial anthropological application.
Emphasis is on theoretical, practical, and ethical issues of group processes.
Emphasis is on theoretically-based nursing interventions.
Emphasis is on theories and designs for data collection and analysis.
Emphasis is on theories and designs for qualitative data collection and analysis.
Emphasis is on theories and fundamental activities in business operations.
Emphasis is on theories and the principles of two-dimensional organization.
Emphasis is on theories, issues, trends, and philosophy of problems for such children.
Emphasis is on theory and application to leadership cases.
Emphasis is on theory and practice in formal organizations.
Emphasis is on theory and practice with a balance between professional and general education.
Emphasis is on theory and rigor.
Emphasis is on theory and the practical application of performance.
Emphasis is on theory of knowledge and metaphysics, with some attention to moral theories.
Emphasis is on theory of knowledge and metaphysics.
Emphasis is on theory rather than mathematical formulations.
Emphasis is on theory, current research, historical views, and application of principles.
Emphasis is on theory, perception, and creative activities.
Emphasis is on theory, usage, tuning, and plotting techniques.
Emphasis is on therapeutic and diagnostic patient care.
Emphasis is on therapeutic benefits to special populations in unique settings throughout the world.
Emphasis is on thermodynamics.
Emphasis is on thin-film materials such as polysilicon, silicon nitride, and silicon carbide.
Emphasis is on thinking and designing creatively with a variety of materials.
Emphasis is on thinking and on decision-making.
Emphasis is on thinking and rational processes.
Emphasis is on thinking through grammar principles rather than just mindlessly doing exercises.
Emphasis is on third world countries.
Emphasis is on thorough analysis of titles read.
Emphasis is on thought and religion, political and social life, art and literature.
Emphasis is on thoughtful and responsible use of sources.
Emphasis is on thought-getting, analysis, outlining, vocabulary, extension and library exploration.
Emphasis is on three dimensional modeling, rendering and animation.
Emphasis is on three-dimensional problems.
Emphasis is on three-view drawings, basic duct systems, and isometric piping.
Emphasis is on tight rendering.
Emphasis is on tighter, clearer writing.
Emphasis is on time management and the ability to work independently on assigned projects.
Emphasis is on time management, clutter control, financial organization, organizing techniques.
Emphasis is on time-dependant changes in morphology and adaption.
Emphasis is on timelines, quality of product, researching suppliers and securing contracts.
Emphasis is on timing, speed, balance and strategy.
Emphasis is on tomato and turf pests.
Emphasis is on tone production, technical problems, and other pedagogical concepts.
Emphasis is on tools and media in planning public relations programs and writing releases.
Emphasis is on tools, measuring equipment, controls, motors, sensors and wiring diagrams.
Emphasis is on tools, techniques, logic, and flow control.
Emphasis is on top quality repairs and refinishing to provide a showroom finish vehicle.
Emphasis is on top quality repairs and refinishing to provide a showroom finished vehicle.
Emphasis is on topic, author or genre.
Emphasis is on topic, author, or genre.
Emphasis is on topics dealing with the oceans role in global climate change.
Emphasis is on topics directly related to the practice of public accounting.
Emphasis is on topics of interest to power users and application programmers.
Emphasis is on topics such as colonialism, industrialism, and nationalism.
Emphasis is on topics that have application in the natural and social sciences.
Emphasis is on total communication, therapy needs and prevocational activities.
Emphasis is on touch typing technique, speed and accuracy development, and workplace expectations.
Emphasis is on tourism with benefits to scientific understanding.
Emphasis is on tracing technological impact of existing patents.
Emphasis is on tracing the technological impact of existing patents.
Emphasis is on tradeoffs necessary in managerial decision making.
Emphasis is on traditional arts as living tradition.
Emphasis is on traditions, innovations, structures and contradictions.
Emphasis is on traffic control, availability for special events, and registering automobiles.
Emphasis is on training and conditioning for gymnastics.
Emphasis is on training and other career requirements.
Emphasis is on training and participation rather than competition.
Emphasis is on training for open water scuba diving using a boat as the base of operation.
Emphasis is on training for open water scuba diving, using the beach as a base of operation.
Emphasis is on training scholarship, campus participation, and civic respnsibility.
Emphasis is on training skills and techniques for people doing computer training.
Emphasis is on training students to read Latin.
Emphasis is on training the complete anesthesiologist to enter clinical or academic practice.
Emphasis is on training, education, and placement in high growth and emerging occupational areas.
Emphasis is on transcribing legal documents from dictated recording.
Emphasis is on transcribing legal documents from dictated recordings.
Emphasis is on transcribing medical records and operating a transcribing machine efficiently.
Emphasis is on transcribing medical records and operating a transcribing machine.
Emphasis is on transcription and comprehension of medical reports.
Emphasis is on translating research into classroom practice.
Emphasis is on translating theory into actual procedures.
Emphasis is on translating value into color.
Emphasis is on transportation issues.
Emphasis is on travel concerns and cities to visit in Ukraine.
Emphasis is on travel to new and unusual destinations.
Emphasis is on travelway, shoulders and roadside ditch maintenance activities.
Emphasis is on treatments commonly used.
Emphasis is on treatments that integrate body, mind, and environment.
Emphasis is on trends, issues, and alternative futures.
Emphasis is on trigonometric methods.
Emphasis is on tropical horticultural crops.
Emphasis is on troubleshooting spreadsheets and using critical thinking skills.
Emphasis is on truth, feelings, and continued personal growth.
Emphasis is on tumbling and apparatus.
Emphasis is on turbulence in both convection and stable-layer simulation and theory.
Emphasis is on turfgrass irrigation systems.
Emphasis is on turning students' ideas into presentations through and organize process.
Emphasis is on twentieth century authors.
Emphasis is on twentieth century literature.
Emphasis is on twentieth century writers.
Emphasis is on twentieth-century figures, although some historical figures are included.
Emphasis is on two common used of the normal distribution.
Emphasis is on two issues.
Emphasis is on two-dimensional problems.
Emphasis is on two-step.
Emphasis is on types of disorders, their causes, and methods of treatment.
Emphasis is on types of plays, directing, acting and technical production.
Emphasis is on typing speed, accuracy, and production.
Emphasis is on U.S. and British cinema, with selective coverage of television films.
Emphasis is on U.S. data but some information on states and foreign countries is included.
Emphasis is on U.S. events and international affairs of American interest.
Emphasis is on U.S. programs, yet some foreign programs are included as well.
Emphasis is on U.S. publications.
Emphasis is on U.S. textile complex within an international perspective.
Emphasis is on U.S., Great Britain and Australia.
Emphasis is on UK companies and products.
Emphasis is on UK sources.
Emphasis is on ultrashort time resolution.
Emphasis is on underlying concepts which unify content of secondary school mathematics.
Emphasis is on underlying theory of procedures and on analytical approaches.
Emphasis is on understanding a selected set of crucial concepts without losing track of the numbers.
Emphasis is on understanding and application of principles to any movement pattern.
Emphasis is on understanding and application of statistical reasoning.
Emphasis is on understanding and applying statistical concepts and techniques to research data.
Emphasis is on understanding and appreciating human diversity.
Emphasis is on understanding and beginning the development of leadership competencies.
Emphasis is on understanding and being understood in conversational situations.
Emphasis is on understanding and being understood in short prepared presentations.
Emphasis is on understanding and dealing with nutritional concerns associated with vegetarian diets.
Emphasis is on understanding and identifying the components common to all construction.
Emphasis is on understanding and incorporating emerging technologies into the production workflow.
Emphasis is on understanding and interpreting research studies.
Emphasis is on understanding basic accounting concepts and financial reporting.
Emphasis is on understanding basic principles and solving problems.
Emphasis is on understanding both causes and symptoms of contemporary social problems.
Emphasis is on understanding chemically dependent behavior.
Emphasis is on understanding concepts rather than mathematical aspects.
Emphasis is on understanding concepts with relevant demonstrations and applications in laboratory.
Emphasis is on understanding cultural differences and how cultures change in the modern world.
Emphasis is on understanding cultural diversity and cultural influences on learning.
Emphasis is on understanding dominant themes that impact administrative theory.
Emphasis is on understanding drawing media in both technical and creative terms.
Emphasis is on understanding each medium via instructor demonstrations and studio projects.
Emphasis is on understanding electrical terms, overall farm wiring plan, and safety practices .
Emphasis is on understanding estimating techniques and methods of preparing estimates and take-offs.
Emphasis is on understanding Europe through the ages.
Emphasis is on understanding health experiences of children with changing patterns of health.
Emphasis is on understanding how a computer operating system controls the resources of the computer.
Emphasis is on understanding how computers really work.
Emphasis is on understanding how households and business firms make decisions in the U.S. economy.
Emphasis is on understanding how households andbusiness firms make decisions in the U.S. economy.
Emphasis is on understanding how to interpret a blueprint .
Emphasis is on understanding how to use maps.
Emphasis is on understanding how to use the globe.
Emphasis is on understanding language as a system of rules and interrelated parts.
Emphasis is on understanding learning processed in groups.
Emphasis is on understanding more complex grammar, syntax, and vocabulary.
Emphasis is on understanding musical style in cultural context.
Emphasis is on understanding of film meaning through writing of a number of analysis papers.
Emphasis is on understanding of mathematical concepts and problem solving techniques.
Emphasis is on understanding of the physical concepts.
Emphasis is on understanding of traditional and contemporary approaches to printmaking.
Emphasis is on understanding operational problems and quantitative models in operations research.
Emphasis is on understanding principles, rather than on mathematical theory or calculations.
Emphasis is on understanding service gaps and developing strategies for long-term survival.
Emphasis is on understanding the administration of channel relationships.
Emphasis is on understanding the basic concepts of how the organ systems function.
Emphasis is on understanding the biographical, social, and philosophical context of theory.
Emphasis is on understanding the developmental stages of the different age groups.
Emphasis is on understanding the earth as an integrated system.
Emphasis is on understanding the foundation and nature of appropriate differentiation.
Emphasis is on understanding the functioning of hospital and health care organizations.
Emphasis is on understanding the interaction between the individuals and the organization.
Emphasis is on understanding the mathematical concepts of calculus and their practical value.
Emphasis is on understanding the nature of humans and the values of human life.
Emphasis is on understanding the research and creative methods used by different disciplines.
Emphasis is on understanding the role of religion in American life.
Emphasis is on understanding the similarities and differences of diverse culture.
Emphasis is on understanding the social, culture, and aesthetic significance of each style.
Emphasis is on understanding the sometimes conflicting goals of the criminal justice system.
Emphasis is on understanding the theory of group dynamics.
Emphasis is on understanding the turbulent environment surrounding the marketing decision maker.
Emphasis is on understanding the use of statistics rather than on how to do statistical analysis.
Emphasis is on understanding the value of marketing to the overall success of the enterprise.
Emphasis is on understanding the workings of the real estate business.
Emphasis is on understanding thermodynamics through independent study and classroom discussion.
Emphasis is on understanding uncertainty and developing computational skill in probability.
Emphasis is on understanding why changes occur in addition to what they entail.
Emphasis is on understanding why people behave the way they do in organizations.
Emphasis is on understanding, analysis, and interpretation.
Emphasis is on understanding, exploiting, and extending Internet technologies.
Emphasis is on understanding, rather than rote manipulation.
Emphasis is on undirected graphical models.
Emphasis is on uniqueness of remote multi-camera productions.
Emphasis is on United Kingdom positions but includes international opportunities.
Emphasis is on United States business.
Emphasis is on unsafe acts of employees and their personal responsibility for injury prevention.
Emphasis is on upgrading the skills and knowledge of students enrolled.
Emphasis is on upper extremity, head, and neck.
Emphasis is on usage, particularly in academic writing and oral presentation skills.
Emphasis is on use of appropriate learning principles.
Emphasis is on use of behavior modification techniques in the school and home.
Emphasis is on use of econometric results in assessment of economic theories.
Emphasis is on use of econometric software to analyze data and to test hypotheses.
Emphasis is on use of energy and exercise of power.
Emphasis is on use of models in service area delineation.
Emphasis is on use of popular computer programs through hands-on activities.
Emphasis is on use of standardized instrumentation for assessment and theory-based interventions.
Emphasis is on use of the language in basic survival situations.
Emphasis is on use of the language to express physical and geometrical concepts.
Emphasis is on user-friendliness of input and practicality of detail of output.
Emphasis is on uses and problem-solving.
Emphasis is on using a variety of sources to locate information on a topic.
Emphasis is on using a variety of verb tenses and more complicated grammatical structures.
Emphasis is on using color to create form and integration of the backgrounds with figures.
Emphasis is on using computational methods to solve scientific problems.
Emphasis is on using computers to analyze and solve problems in a business environment.
Emphasis is on using economic analysis in managerial decision making.
Emphasis is on using existing secondary databases available in electronic and hard copy formats.
Emphasis is on using integrated circuits.
Emphasis is on using lichens in environmental monitoring.
Emphasis is on using mathematics as a tool for understanding the principles of electronics.
Emphasis is on using percentages to compare portions of quantities of unlike size.
Emphasis is on using pertinent biological literature and conducting laboratory research.
Emphasis is on using principles of formal English language in the American academic context.
Emphasis is on using research to develop and support ideas in discussions and presentations.
Emphasis is on using safe colours.
Emphasis is on using software features to create, edit and print common office documents.
Emphasis is on using spreadsheets to prepare quantitative research projects in economics.
Emphasis is on using statistics to solve problems efficiently.
Emphasis is on using the computer as a tool in the writing process.
Emphasis is on using the database to answer managerial questions.
Emphasis is on using the derived relations to solve common geologic problems.
Emphasis is on using the equipment safely and interpreting the results correctly.
Emphasis is on using the heart rate to improve cardiovascular endurance level.
Emphasis is on using the Internet to find materials appropriate for research purposes.
Emphasis is on using theoretical concepts to understand society.
Emphasis is on using word processing to transcribe and produce medical documents.
Emphasis is on utility .
Emphasis is on utilization of personal computers, LANs, and various software.
Emphasis is on utilization of the nursing process.
Emphasis is on utilizing instruments available to the student in the workplace.
Emphasis is on values and political influences which shape modern administration.
Emphasis is on valves, pressure gauges, hoses, cylinders, and cutting operation safety.
Emphasis is on variational methods, and reactor kinetics.
Emphasis is on various budgetary accounting procedures and fund accounting.
Emphasis is on various contemporary approaches to their understanding and treatment.
Emphasis is on various levels of operation and service support for our products.
Emphasis is on various styles of jazz, interpretations, and improvisation.
Emphasis is on various theoretical approaches and the development associated with each stage.
Emphasis is on various theoretical approaches and the development associated with each state.
Emphasis is on vector analysis.
Emphasis is on vegetable crop production and marketing.
Emphasis is on vegetarian cuisine, but meat dishes are also served.
Emphasis is on venipuncture and micro-collection techniques.
Emphasis is on ventilator classification, methods, principles, and operational characteristics.
Emphasis is on verb conjugation.
Emphasis is on verification and analysis of time space complexity.
Emphasis is on vertebrate organs and organ systems.
Emphasis is on viral genetics and the oncogenic viruses.
Emphasis is on visionary research with high potential payoffs.
Emphasis is on visits to local interpretive sites and development of activities.
Emphasis is on visual aids, lab demonstrations, and field experiences.
Emphasis is on visual assignments.
Emphasis is on visual communications and artistic structure.
Emphasis is on visual communications, information management and communication technologies.
Emphasis is on visual identification of bodily symptoms.
Emphasis is on visual story telling.
Emphasis is on visual system.
Emphasis is on visualization and perception of three-dimensional forms.
Emphasis is on visualization through color maps, diagrams, graphs and photographs.
Emphasis is on vocabulary and concept development needed to be an effective computer user.
Emphasis is on vocabulary and further developing the ability to express oneself in most situations.
Emphasis is on vocabulary and grammar and development of facility of reading.
Emphasis is on vocabulary and present tense, while speaking English in groups.
Emphasis is on vocabulary and syntax.
Emphasis is on vocabulary building and cross-cultural understanding.
Emphasis is on vocabulary building and life skills.
Emphasis is on vocabulary building and oral and written communication.
Emphasis is on vocabulary building and verb tenses.
Emphasis is on vocabulary building, culture, and the development of grammatical accuracy.
Emphasis is on vocabulary development and literal and critical reading skills.
Emphasis is on vocabulary development, comprehension skills and reading rate.
Emphasis is on vocabulary development, comprehension, and study strategies.
Emphasis is on vocabulary development, conversation and cultural awareness.
Emphasis is on vocabulary expansion, accuracy of expression, and interactive language use.
Emphasis is on vocabulary, comprehension, and reading strategies.
Emphasis is on vocabulary, memory of details, understanding the main idea, and inference.
Emphasis is on vocabulary, reading, writing, and conversational skills.
Emphasis is on vocabulary, speed, accuracy, and correct technique.
Emphasis is on vocabulary, speed, accuracy, and technique.
Emphasis is on vocal and physical work, developing techniques of acting and self-expression.
Emphasis is on vocal expression, articulation, volume, dialect, and phonetics.
Emphasis is on vocal production and acting.
Emphasis is on voice outage probability in anticipation of control strategies for data.
Emphasis is on walking, jogging, or running as a means of achieving fitness.
Emphasis is on water adjustment.
Emphasis is on water play, cooking , Jewish culture, arts and crafts, and independent activity time.
Emphasis is on water resistance exercises, lap swimming, and a variety of aquatic games.
Emphasis is on water-based, nontoxic materials.
Emphasis is on ways to pursue the fraud investigation while exercising good faith.
Emphasis is on wear and fixation problems in total joint replacements.
Emphasis is on weather and climate.
Emphasis is on web front end and personalized interactivity with existing systems.
Emphasis is on web site maintenance and business support to include e-commerce functions.
Emphasis is on webcasting.
Emphasis is on weddings with a photojournalistic approach.
Emphasis is on weight, foldability and ease of use.
Emphasis is on wellness and herd health maintenance and preventive care.
Emphasis is on Western civilization.
Emphasis is on Western hemisphere painting and graphic arts.
Emphasis is on western North America but the principles are broadly relevant elsewhere.
Emphasis is on western U.S., worldwide forest and shrub ecosystem.
Emphasis is on what is done, how it is done, and why.
Emphasis is on what is going to happen and then where and when.
Emphasis is on what it takes to increase the success rates of projects.
Emphasis is on what makes conditions different than with a normal Tk interpreter.
Emphasis is on what the clinician needs to know at key decision points in a case.
Emphasis is on what's new, rediscovered, or otherwise noteworthy.
Emphasis is on wheel throwing and decorative techniques.
Emphasis is on whole cell physiology and comparative studies, incuding growth models.
Emphasis is on wholesome, but light traditional cooking, primarily using our own seasonal produce.
Emphasis is on why mathematics works as it does rather than on memorization of algorithms.
Emphasis is on wilderness canoe camping skills and safety.
Emphasis is on wildlife and nature with lots of time for swimming and snorkeling.
Emphasis is on wildlife and nature with lots of time to follow personal interests.
Emphasis is on wildlife habitat, residential design and readily available plants.
Emphasis is on wiring and troubleshooting control circuits.
Emphasis is on wood and metal, but all materials are considered.
Emphasis is on wood, masonry, soils and concrete.
Emphasis is on word building through a study of roots, prefixes, and suffixes.
Emphasis is on work with indigenous peoples and cultures around the world.
Emphasis is on workbooks.
Emphasis is on working conditions in different production settings and on time demands.
Emphasis is on working effectively in a computerized word processing office environment.
Emphasis is on working effectively in cross-disciplinary teams.
Emphasis is on working group approach to ameliorating impacts on ecosystem and human health.
Emphasis is on working through real data from many languages.
Emphasis is on working to specified tolerances with special and advanced setups.
Emphasis is on working with a partner and aggressive treatment and transport.
Emphasis is on working with data rather than with formulas.
Emphasis is on working with individuals and small groups while initiating larger group control.
Emphasis is on workplace applications.
Emphasis is on workplace communication, beginning computer skills, and routine office procedures.
Emphasis is on works of general interest.
Emphasis is on works written in English.
Emphasis is on world history.
Emphasis is on worldviews with a secondary emphasis on great persons.
Emphasis is on writing a statement of purpose, literature review, and methodology.
Emphasis is on writing and reading skills necessary for a employment.
Emphasis is on writing and speaking skills in the English language.
Emphasis is on writing as process, from self-expression through exposition to imaginative creation.
Emphasis is on writing correctly, clearly and effectively.
Emphasis is on writing creatively and correctly.
Emphasis is on writing exercises and then complete works, but also on becoming better readers.
Emphasis is on writing for academic purposes.
Emphasis is on writing for an audience with an identified purpose.
Emphasis is on writing grammatical sentences, punctuating properly, and spelling correctly.
Emphasis is on writing headlines and laying out pages using desktop publishing software.
Emphasis is on writing in standard Roman orthography.
Emphasis is on writing in the standard Roman orthography and on grammatical structures.
Emphasis is on writing lesson plans and teaching lessons.
Emphasis is on writing papers of significant length on two separate topics in linguistics.
Emphasis is on writing projects which include personal, rhetorical, and expository models.
Emphasis is on writing research-type papers.
Emphasis is on writing to meet the needs of specific readers.
Emphasis is on writing, conversation and pronunication.
Emphasis is on writing, editing, researching, or doing publication production projects.
Emphasis is on writing, grammar, word usage and culture.
Emphasis is on writing, headlines and laying out pages.
Emphasis is on writing, photography, page layout and graphic design.
Emphasis is on written and oral communication of mathematical ideas.
Emphasis is on written assignments that require synthesis, analysis, and argument based on sources.
Emphasis is on written assignments that require synthesis, analysis, and argument.
Emphasis is on youth, beauty and sexuality.
Emphasis is on zoology.
Emphasis is online marketing.
Emphasis is only landscape horticulture and tree care.
Emphasis is patriotic and conservative.
Emphasis is placd on accounting objectives and the cost, revenue, income asset and eqity concepts.
Emphasis is place on a thorough estimation of the precision of the measurement.
Emphasis is place on basic social dance techniques, dances, and a brief history of social dance.
Emphasis is place on business reports, correspondence, and professional presentations.
Emphasis is place on case studies.
Emphasis is place on consultative neurology and primary management of stroke patients.
Emphasis is place on developing awareness, critical thinking and problem solving skills.
Emphasis is place on individual student needs and interest in project and design.
Emphasis is place on integrating classroom learning with related work experience.
Emphasis is place on meeting students' needs.
Emphasis is place on primary sources and new perspectives of the roles of women.
Emphasis is place on problem formulation and solution using existing computer software programs.
Emphasis is place on problem solving, critical thinking and study skills.
Emphasis is place on quality teaching, research and service.
Emphasis is place on retail experience gained on the job in a supervised internship.
Emphasis is place on student responsibility for improvement, with the help of teachers.
Emphasis is place on the basic skills and rules of the game.
Emphasis is place on the preparation and use of different categories of instructional aids.
Emphasis is place on walking, jogging, or running as a means of achieving fitness.
Emphasis is place on what happens rather than how or why .
Emphasis is place upon learning to listen for essential characteristics of unfamiliar music.
Emphasis is placed almost completely on applications rather than on programming.
Emphasis is placed at all times on discipline, execution and individual performance quality.
Emphasis is placed at all times on discipline, execution, and performance quality.
Emphasis is placed both on contemporary literature and culture and on historical development.
Emphasis is placed both on defining the pathophysiology of the illness.
Emphasis is placed both on mastery of basic skills and creative inquiry and expression.
Emphasis is placed both on organismal and on cellular and molecular biology.
Emphasis is placed both on the acquisition and on the generation of knowledge.
Emphasis is placed both on the construction and analysis of appropriate simple physical models.
Emphasis is placed both on the quality of the meal and the spirit of community.
Emphasis is placed equally on listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Emphasis is placed equally on the legal regulation of matrimonial and non-matrimonial relationships.
Emphasis is placed equally on the skills of listening, speaking, reading, and writing.
Emphasis is placed experimentation in the use of drawing techniques, media, and graphic materials.
Emphasis is placed first on speaking and writing and secondly on reading skills.
Emphasis is placed in a humanistic perspective.
Emphasis is placed in all our military law upon obedience to a lawful order.
Emphasis is placed in application of statistics in educational research situations.
Emphasis is placed in conformance with applicable gas codes.
Emphasis is placed in developing student skills for design of programs in occupational settings.
Emphasis is placed in evaluation techniques and interpretation of simulation results.
Emphasis is placed in field observations during a three-week summer period.
Emphasis is placed in film selection and lighting for both the studio and environmental shooting.
Emphasis is placed in hands on application.
Emphasis is placed in hands-on application.
Emphasis is placed in identifying the norms found in each phase of development.
Emphasis is placed in interdisciplinary approaches to the study of human disease.
Emphasis is placed in preparation of a computerized placement credential file.
Emphasis is placed in speaking.
Emphasis is placed in the areas of advanced pharmacology, pharmacokinetics and biostatistics.
Emphasis is placed in the current trend globalization of the financial system.
Emphasis is placed in the inter- action of people, procedures, and equipment.
Emphasis is placed in the management perspectives and the quality philosophy.
Emphasis is placed in time planning, note taking, testing, and various study techniques.
Emphasis is placed intergrating classroom learning with related work experience.
Emphasis is placed is on parasitic interactions between pathogenic bacteria and humans.
Emphasis is placed more on improvement than on reacting to problems.
Emphasis is placed more on room and comfort than on sportiness.
Emphasis is placed on a basic orientation to the field of alcohol and drug education and treatment.
Emphasis is placed on a broad exposure to the great masterpieces of English and American literature.
Emphasis is placed on a broad program as contrasted with a specialized one.
Emphasis is placed on a broad range of informal models.
Emphasis is placed on a broad scope of courses which are application-oriented.
Emphasis is placed on a canonical form for similarity of matrices.
Emphasis is placed on a career in the health profession.
Emphasis is placed on a case study approach to project financial analysis.
Emphasis is placed on a combination of skills and resourcefulness.
Emphasis is placed on a comparative approach to both theory and practice.
Emphasis is placed on a comparison of historical and modern techniques.
Emphasis is placed on a comparison of the American economy to the economies of other countries.
Emphasis is placed on a cooperative effort between horse and rider.
Emphasis is placed on a cooperative environment.
Emphasis is placed on a correlation of pathologic findings and clinical problems.
Emphasis is placed on a cross-cultural comparison of human institution.
Emphasis is placed on a different cognitive funtion each year.
Emphasis is placed on a driver's skill and control instead of simply achieving high speeds.
Emphasis is placed on a family life-style, with the facility being the resident's home.
Emphasis is placed on a few important periods and forms.
Emphasis is placed on a fine arts point of view.
Emphasis is placed on a general knowledge of the functions of the elements in each area.
Emphasis is placed on a general research design at both the conceptual and applied levels.
Emphasis is placed on a global approach to principles and problems in our environment.
Emphasis is placed on a hardware-software codesign solution.
Emphasis is placed on a high level of performance and artistry.
Emphasis is placed on a humanistic perspective.
Emphasis is placed on a maximum amount of class performance.
Emphasis is placed on a modular approach to programming methodology.
Emphasis is placed on a more traditional perpective.
Emphasis is placed on a more traditional perspective.
Emphasis is placed on a multi-cultural perspective, core democratic values and citizenship.
Emphasis is placed on a practical vocabulary and the oral use of language.
Emphasis is placed on a pragmatic understanding of environmental issues.
Emphasis is placed on a problem-solving approach to diseases of the nervous system.
Emphasis is placed on a professional presentation and the completion of a portfolio of work.
Emphasis is placed on a quality product and the use of the medium as a personal expression.
Emphasis is placed on a scientific approach to understanding human behavior.
Emphasis is placed on a short research project selected by the student.
Emphasis is placed on a structured method approach for spatial database design.
Emphasis is placed on a systematic approach to musical growth and development.
Emphasis is placed on a systematic approach to the case.
Emphasis is placed on a systematic way of working to ensure that an accurate report is produced.
Emphasis is placed on a theoretical treatment of the cognitive processes of normal humans.
Emphasis is placed on a thorough examination of diagnostic classifications for mental dosirders.
Emphasis is placed on a thorough understanding of a select group of music masterpieces.
Emphasis is placed on a totally creative learning experience independent of formal education.
Emphasis is placed on a unified approach to problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on a variety of activities with active student involvement being paramount.
Emphasis is placed on a variety of freshwater and marine finfish, shellfish and seaweed species.
Emphasis is placed on a variety of laboratory skills.
Emphasis is placed on a variety of written forms and communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on academic achievement and high expectations for appropriate student behavior.
Emphasis is placed on academic achievement and the development of intellectual skills.
Emphasis is placed on academic advising.
Emphasis is placed on academic and social applications with extensive family involvement.
Emphasis is placed on academic excellence and living Christian beliefs and values.
Emphasis is placed on academics, as well as social development.
Emphasis is placed on academics.
Emphasis is placed on acceptable typing format and mailability.
Emphasis is placed on accessing screen, disk drives, keyboard, printer and speaker devices.
Emphasis is placed on accident avoidance techniques.
Emphasis is placed on accident prevention, investigation, analysis, and reporting.
Emphasis is placed on accountability and higher academic standards.
Emphasis is placed on accountability and measuring safety performance at all levels of industry.
Emphasis is placed on accounting for sole proprietorships and partnerships.
Emphasis is placed on accounting objectives and the cost, revenue, income asset and equity concepts.
Emphasis is placed on accounting spreadsheets and financial accounting software packages.
Emphasis is placed on accounting theory.
Emphasis is placed on accuracy and avoidance of common errors and mistakes.
Emphasis is placed on accuracy and precision.
Emphasis is placed on accuracy and speed in transcribing professional-level tapes.
Emphasis is placed on accuracy and speed.
Emphasis is placed on accuracy in coding, forms preparation, and posting.
Emphasis is placed on accuracy in coding, preparation of forms and filing of claims.
Emphasis is placed on accuracy of the texts.
Emphasis is placed on accuracy, speed, proofreading, and production typing.
Emphasis is placed on accurate inputting of data, whatever the application.
Emphasis is placed on accurately and speed of decorating to simulate industry conditions.
Emphasis is placed on accurately transcribing reports.
Emphasis is placed on achieveing the highest performance standard possible.
Emphasis is placed on achievement demonstrating a high degree of technical merit and ingenuity.
Emphasis is placed on achieving a reading proficiency.
Emphasis is placed on achieving an appropriate mix of academic faculties, age, sex and nationality.
Emphasis is placed on achieving an efficient and sustainable housing system.
Emphasis is placed on achieving optimal mind, body, emotional, and spiritual health.
Emphasis is placed on achieving writing skills required to function on a college level.
Emphasis is placed on achiving a comfort level with text and the camera.
Emphasis is placed on acquired conditions commonly treated in speech-language pathology.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring a basic knowledge of self-defense techniques.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring Australian publications.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring basic art fundamentals - line, shape, pattern, color, form, rhythm.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring housing through renting and buying a home.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring independence in learning.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring multicultural and award-winning books.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring research skills, both qualitative and quantitative.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring skills in a variety of individual sports.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring skills in a variety of team sports.
Emphasis is placed on acquiring vocabulary for oral language development.
Emphasis is placed on acquisition and mastery of techniques rather than on competition.
Emphasis is placed on acting through a song.
Emphasis is placed on active involvement in vocational laboratory experiences.
Emphasis is placed on active learning and on identifying and solving real work-related challenges.
Emphasis is placed on active learning and teamwork throughout the video.
Emphasis is placed on active mathematics learning, based on students' natural curiosity.
Emphasis is placed on active participation in small groups.
Emphasis is placed on active participation in the the church and our college community.
Emphasis is placed on actively developing design through research and implementation.
Emphasis is placed on activities and programs to be included.
Emphasis is placed on activities for children of all ages as well as family activities.
Emphasis is placed on activities of daily living such as cooking, cleaning, banking, and budgeting.
Emphasis is placed on activities that build confidence, spirit and responsibility.
Emphasis is placed on activities that can be undertaken by government at the state and local levels.
Emphasis is placed on activities that promote a respect for the environment.
Emphasis is placed on activity and analysis of proteins and nucleic acids.
Emphasis is placed on activity-based learning.
Emphasis is placed on actual board work using instruments.
Emphasis is placed on actual cases of companies competing in today's marketplace.
Emphasis is placed on actual field experience, supplemented by appropriate lecture courses.
Emphasis is placed on actual language use rather than on linguistic knowledge.
Emphasis is placed on actual occupational analysis and breakdown of responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed on actual or potential threats to internal dimensions of well-being.
Emphasis is placed on actual shop conditions.
Emphasis is placed on acute medical emergencies and common surgical disorders.
Emphasis is placed on adaptation and restoration of wellness.
Emphasis is placed on adaptive behavior systems, methods, and materials.
Emphasis is placed on addictions to food, sex, alcohol, drugs, work, gambling, and relationships.
Emphasis is placed on adding course content and managing the course.
Emphasis is placed on addressing cultural myths and stereotypes.
Emphasis is placed on adherence to established standards for technical graphics.
Emphasis is placed on administrative practices and procedures used in a business office.
Emphasis is placed on adult and neonatal critical care procedures.
Emphasis is placed on advanced application of the various qualitative methodologies.
Emphasis is placed on advanced areas in microbiology.
Emphasis is placed on advanced clinical immunology topics and procedures.
Emphasis is placed on advanced conditioning strategies and mechanical perfection.
Emphasis is placed on advanced conversation, reading, and writing.
Emphasis is placed on advanced cost analysis and managerial topics.
Emphasis is placed on advanced diagnostic and procedural coding in the outpatient facility.
Emphasis is placed on advanced exam room procedures.
Emphasis is placed on advanced reading skills such as critical reading and comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on Advanced riding skills and handling emergency situations.
Emphasis is placed on advanced study and participation in creative research.
Emphasis is placed on advanced technical skills and craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on advanced testing procedures as they apply to different disease processes.
Emphasis is placed on advanced topics and the major areas of current research within the field.
Emphasis is placed on advanced turning, braking, and accident avoidance skills such as swerving.
Emphasis is placed on advanced vocal techniques.
Emphasis is placed on advanced word recognition skills and comprehension skills.
Emphasis is placed on advanced writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on advertising, legislation, and social surveys.
Emphasis is placed on aesthetics and directing.
Emphasis is placed on aesthetics and operating functionality.
Emphasis is placed on agency, partnership, corporations.
Emphasis is placed on aiding the students and on maintaining a confidential counseling relationship.
Emphasis is placed on airbrush painting and multi-stage painting.
Emphasis is placed on aircraft originating in the United States.
Emphasis is placed on alcoholism prevention.
Emphasis is placed on alertness, caution and obedience to the rider.
Emphasis is placed on algebraic analysis of resistive networks and DC circuit measurement.
Emphasis is placed on algorithm development.
Emphasis is placed on algorithms that assist users in hypothesis generation and verification tasks.
Emphasis is placed on aligning personal goals with organization culture and structures.
Emphasis is placed on alignment and correct body placement for injury prevention.
Emphasis is placed on alignment and tension.
Emphasis is placed on all communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on all of the sacraments, especially Reconciliation and Eucharist.
Emphasis is placed on all types of regenerative, osseous, and mucogingival surgery.
Emphasis is placed on allowing the youth to live at home while going through the program.
Emphasis is placed on alternative strategies for creating political order.
Emphasis is placed on amateur competition.
Emphasis is placed on ambulatory and short stay surgery, as well as working in an inpatient setting.
Emphasis is placed on ambulatory care which is central to family practice.
Emphasis is placed on American and European materials.
Emphasis is placed on American history, culture, and the literary merits.
Emphasis is placed on American urban areas and their evolution and functional areas.
Emphasis is placed on amplifier circuits and their frequency dependence.
Emphasis is placed on an analysis of bonds and common stocks.
Emphasis is placed on an analysis of the human use of land, water, air, and biotic resources.
Emphasis is placed on an analytical approach to contemporary practice.
Emphasis is placed on an atomic and molecular level interpretation of chemical behavior.
Emphasis is placed on an eclectic approach to the planning and imple-mentation of change.
Emphasis is placed on an existential-phenomenological conception of science.
Emphasis is placed on an increasingly international air transportation environment.
Emphasis is placed on an in-depth study of American literature.
Emphasis is placed on an in-depth understanding of the assumptions underlying each theory.
Emphasis is placed on an integrated unit approach with other content areas.
Emphasis is placed on an intensive class project.
Emphasis is placed on an interdisciplinary team approach to priority community health issues.
Emphasis is placed on an interdisciplinary team approach to service delivery.
Emphasis is placed on an introduction to field instrumentation.
Emphasis is placed on an understanding of the neural substrates that underlie human behavior.
Emphasis is placed on an understanding of the thermodynamic properties as they relate to processes.
Emphasis is placed on analysing scientific events from a number of different perspectives.
Emphasis is placed on analysis and critical thinking skills.
Emphasis is placed on analysis and critique of research studies.
Emphasis is placed on analysis and interpretation of data from the primary literature.
Emphasis is placed on analysis and interpretation of thought and rhythm of poetic forms.
Emphasis is placed on analysis and performance of poetry, drama, and prose fiction.
Emphasis is placed on analysis and research regarding ethical dilemmas.
Emphasis is placed on analysis as a means for improving quality and productivity.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of and alternatives to current social welfare policies and programs.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of chords, structure, modulation and motivic development.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of cost behavior.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of economic problems and their possible solutions.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of field-scale heterogeneous groundwater systems.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of forecasted cash flows before and after taxes.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of ligand binding data.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of major issues of current or recent historical interest.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of physical skills.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of the pharmacy and medical literature.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of the various silhouettes and their adaptation to the stage.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of traditional and non-traditional economic theories.
Emphasis is placed on analysis of variance procedures, regression, modeling, and research design.
Emphasis is placed on analysis, application, communication, and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on analysis, synthesis, and application of multidimensional reading material.
Emphasis is placed on analytic, behavioral and humanistic theories.
Emphasis is placed on analytical methods as well as written and oral communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on analytical techniques in financial decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing and designing computer systems for functional areas.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing and interpreting.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing and locating faults in typical equipment.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing documents and interpreting information from a variety of sources.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing experimental data and applying conclusions to everyday situations.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing financial information to enhance managerial decision making.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing foreign market entry strategies.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing problems at the idiographic level.
Emphasis is placed on analyzing vendor proposals and contracts.
Emphasis is placed on anatomy and physiology of the G.I. tract.
Emphasis is placed on anatomy.
Emphasis is placed on angiography, ultrasound, myelography, anthrography, and venography.
Emphasis is placed on animals that are gentle and easy to handle.
Emphasis is placed on anthropological, art, and historical collections.
Emphasis is placed on antitrust policy as a response to market power.
Emphasis is placed on appearance, dependability, and motivation.
Emphasis is placed on appetizers, soups, sandwiches, salads and attractive food presentation.
Emphasis is placed on applicants who are interested in college teaching.
Emphasis is placed on application and association of concepts with real life situations.
Emphasis is placed on application and operation of current generation microprocessors.
Emphasis is placed on application and use of quantitative methods.
Emphasis is placed on application of algebraic skills and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on application of data obtained during monitoring and assessment of patients.
Emphasis is placed on application of decision-making tools and evaluation of results.
Emphasis is placed on application of instructional design methodology.
Emphasis is placed on application of knowledge to ceramic forms.
Emphasis is placed on application of principles to problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on application of process to particular products.
Emphasis is placed on application of the above to the teaching of reading.
Emphasis is placed on application of the nursing process to manifested adaptive problems.
Emphasis is placed on application of the nursing process.
Emphasis is placed on application of the techniques of calculus.
Emphasis is placed on application of the trigonometric function.
Emphasis is placed on application of topics to decision-making problems.
Emphasis is placed on application oriented exercises.
Emphasis is placed on application system generators and very high level programming languages.
Emphasis is placed on application to real systems.
Emphasis is placed on application, materials, content, and individual expression.
Emphasis is placed on application, materials, continuity, and individual expression.
Emphasis is placed on application, substitution and modification of circuit parameters.
Emphasis is placed on application.
Emphasis is placed on applications and the use of statistics to solve real life problems.
Emphasis is placed on applications development and uses of the software as a decision making tool.
Emphasis is placed on applications in ecology, economics, geometry, physical sciences and business.
Emphasis is placed on applications in economics and business problems.
Emphasis is placed on applications in science and engineering.
Emphasis is placed on applications of civil engineering.
Emphasis is placed on applications of physics in modern technology.
Emphasis is placed on applications of software for plant identification, design, and irrigation.
Emphasis is placed on applications of superconductors.
Emphasis is placed on applications of the concept of design for manufacturability.
Emphasis is placed on applications rather than theory.
Emphasis is placed on applications to business, economics, marketing, and psychology.
Emphasis is placed on applications to economics and business problems.
Emphasis is placed on applications to ongoing archeological research.
Emphasis is placed on applications to physical problems.
Emphasis is placed on applications to problems in science and engineering.
Emphasis is placed on applications to the medical sciences.
Emphasis is placed on applications to the work place and everyday life. .
Emphasis is placed on applied climatology, paleoclimatology and the significance of climate change.
Emphasis is placed on applied engineering.
Emphasis is placed on applied knowledge and skills.
Emphasis is placed on applied problems relevant to future employment.
Emphasis is placed on applied techniques for making financial decisions.
Emphasis is placed on applying and practicing a model of analysis utilizing specialized vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on applying communication theories in everyday communication situations.
Emphasis is placed on applying general theory to health care organizations.
Emphasis is placed on applying life and educational experiences to architectural problems.
Emphasis is placed on applying principles to actual market situations and governmental applications.
Emphasis is placed on applying research findings to personal decisions about intimate relationships.
Emphasis is placed on applying skirts and decorative trim, including matching of stripes.
Emphasis is placed on applying textual understanding to the craft of acting.
Emphasis is placed on applying the Bible to daily situations and needs.
Emphasis is placed on applying the theories to a developing nation or area.
Emphasis is placed on applying the thermodynamic mode of reasoning.
Emphasis is placed on applying theory.
Emphasis is placed on applying trigonometry to model real-life applications.
Emphasis is placed on approaches to analysis and mechanisms of action.
Emphasis is placed on appropriate therapeutic methods for effective counseling.
Emphasis is placed on apraxia and the dysarthrias.
Emphasis is placed on arc welding in the flat and horizontal position.
Emphasis is placed on archaeological questions, scientific methods, and culture change.
Emphasis is placed on architectural and design considerations over actual implementation issues.
Emphasis is placed on architectural integration and best practices.
Emphasis is placed on architecture, painting, sculpture, graphics, and the decorative arts.
Emphasis is placed on architecture, sculpture, and the decorative arts.
Emphasis is placed on areas of participant interests.
Emphasis is placed on areas stressed on the CPA examination.
Emphasis is placed on areas such as cultural change, food acquisition, and kinship.
Emphasis is placed on areas such as sensors, actuators and fuel management.
Emphasis is placed on Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico.
Emphasis is placed on argument, refutation, research, and logic.
Emphasis is placed on argumentation skills, including argument construction and criticism.
Emphasis is placed on arithmetic and algebra as determined by the individual needs of the students.
Emphasis is placed on Arkansas law and procedures.
Emphasis is placed on art as visual communication.
Emphasis is placed on articles of a multidisciplinary nature and of international interest.
Emphasis is placed on artistic and unique solutions to photography.
Emphasis is placed on artistic composition and the student s method of expression.
Emphasis is placed on artistic self-expression and quality craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on aspects of human health and disease.
Emphasis is placed on aspects of language learning, production, and comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on aspects of style that distinguish one era from another.
Emphasis is placed on aspects of the subject matter, which are best taught in a field environment.
Emphasis is placed on aspects such as legality, elements of crime and culpability.
Emphasis is placed on aspects that are especially pertinent to podiatric medicine.
Emphasis is placed on assembling the most dedicated and motivated teams possible.
Emphasis is placed on assembly testing, troubleshooting and repair.
Emphasis is placed on assessing and improving current performance.
Emphasis is placed on assessing sound needs and on installing, running, and maintaining equipment.
Emphasis is placed on assessing sound needs, and on installing, running, and maintaining equipment.
Emphasis is placed on assessment and basic intervention skills.
Emphasis is placed on assessment and diagnosis, but management is also discussed.
Emphasis is placed on assessment and instruction as integrated activities.
Emphasis is placed on assessment and intervention based on pathophysiological knowledge.
Emphasis is placed on assessment of families across the life span.
Emphasis is placed on assessment of families across the lifespan.
Emphasis is placed on assessment of individual and family needs in critical illness.
Emphasis is placed on assessment, clinical judgement and medication administration.
Emphasis is placed on assessment, diagnosis, management, and clinical decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on assessment, management, and clinical decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on assigning the crew to as many large fires as possible.
Emphasis is placed on assisting teachers to be leaders in school settings.
Emphasis is placed on association of concepts with real life situations.
Emphasis is placed on asymptotic analysis of the time and space complexity of algorithms.
Emphasis is placed on Atlantic, Caribbean, and Bahamian biota.
Emphasis is placed on atmospheric and terrestrial systems as well as on analysis techniques.
Emphasis is placed on attaining oral proficiency while perfecting command of grammatical structures.
Emphasis is placed on attaining skills in computer office applications and software integration.
Emphasis is placed on attendance.
Emphasis is placed on attention to detail and validating data consistency with primary sources.
Emphasis is placed on attention to detail, proportion and fine craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on audience analysis, organization, and speaking deportment.
Emphasis is placed on audience development, marketing, governance, and fund-raising strategies.
Emphasis is placed on audio, video, graphic, and network resources and various file formats.
Emphasis is placed on auditing procedures and decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
Emphasis is placed on authentic assessment strategies.
Emphasis is placed on authentic instructional materials which have meaning in the learner's life.
Emphasis is placed on auto body safety and the use of hand and power tools.
Emphasis is placed on automatic sensory responses.
Emphasis is placed on automobile,aircraft,and semiconductor.
Emphasis is placed on aviation displays.
Emphasis is placed on award winning titles, honor and notable books.
Emphasis is placed on awareness of radiation hazards and on safety precautions.
Emphasis is placed on bacteria commonly involved with the respiratory system.
Emphasis is placed on bacteria, their morphology, physiology, nutrition, and ecology.
Emphasis is placed on bacterial pathogens and also encompasses parasitic and fungal elements.
Emphasis is placed on bailments, sales, risk, bearing, forms of business ownership, and copyrights.
Emphasis is placed on bailments, sales, risk-bearing, forms of business ownership, and copyrights.
Emphasis is placed on balance sheet valuations and their relationship to income determination.
Emphasis is placed on balanced measures, processes, and outcomes of care.
Emphasis is placed on balancing fiction and non-fiction works for the juvenile collection.
Emphasis is placed on ball control.
Emphasis is placed on ball selection, grips, stance, and delivery along with rules and etiquette.
Emphasis is placed on ballet strength and one's own imagination.
Emphasis is placed on basal and literature based approaches to developmental reading.
Emphasis is placed on basic and advanced preprosthetic surgery, including dental implants.
Emphasis is placed on basic applications with investigation into image source and development.
Emphasis is placed on basic aspects of research methodology, particularly the survey approach.
Emphasis is placed on basic building blocks in order to enhance continued student performance.
Emphasis is placed on basic calculations and their applications in the machine shop.
Emphasis is placed on basic cerebral physiology, pathology, and their anesthetic implications.
Emphasis is placed on basic computational exercises in safety and health.
Emphasis is placed on basic conducting patterns, gestures and score reading.
Emphasis is placed on basic drawing and painting techniques.
Emphasis is placed on basic drawing techniques and interpretative qualities of various media.
Emphasis is placed on basic equipment use.
Emphasis is placed on basic fuel system knowledge within the school's curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on basic functions and familiarity with computer use.
Emphasis is placed on basic fundamentals and skill development.
Emphasis is placed on basic legal precedents developed by the courts.
Emphasis is placed on basic melodic techniques and song accompaniment.
Emphasis is placed on basic military leadership, tactical and technical skills development.
Emphasis is placed on basic military mountaineering skills.
Emphasis is placed on basic modern dance techniques, dances, and a brief history of modern dance.
Emphasis is placed on basic musical literacy and improving skills in musicianship.
Emphasis is placed on basic news writing techniques and on related legal and ethical issues.
Emphasis is placed on basic operation, new car preparation, and servicing procedures in current use.
Emphasis is placed on basic positioning, balance, and form on ice.
Emphasis is placed on basic positioning, balance, and form.
Emphasis is placed on basic problem solving techniques.
Emphasis is placed on basic riding skills, general equine knowledge, and safety.
Emphasis is placed on basic scientific principles.
Emphasis is placed on basic skill acquisition, concepts and strategies.
Emphasis is placed on basic skills including hitting, throwing, catching and fielding.
Emphasis is placed on basic skills, including rendering and sketching techniques.
Emphasis is placed on basic skills, safety , and fencing etiquette.
Emphasis is placed on basic skills.
Emphasis is placed on basic social dance techniques, dances, and a brief history of social dance.
Emphasis is placed on basic sociological concepts and methodology.
Emphasis is placed on basic software functionality, database construction, and management.
Emphasis is placed on basic techniques and procedures of baking.
Emphasis is placed on basic techniques of studio and remote productions.
Emphasis is placed on basic techniques, song accompaniment and chord formation.
Emphasis is placed on basic theory, valuation and measurement, as well as presentation and analysis.
Emphasis is placed on basic therapeutic modalities and assessment skills.
Emphasis is placed on basic therapeutic modalities, charting and assessment skills.
Emphasis is placed on basic therapeutic modalities, charting, and assessment skills.
Emphasis is placed on basic vocabulary and culture.
Emphasis is placed on batteries, starting, charging and lighting circuits.
Emphasis is placed on batteries, starting, charging, and lighting circuits.
Emphasis is placed on beat patterns, cueing, and baton management.
Emphasis is placed on becoming a consumer of nursing research.
Emphasis is placed on becoming familiar with all voice classifications and basic vocal literature.
Emphasis is placed on becoming familiar with California standards.
Emphasis is placed on becoming more aware of the process behind becoming a better swimmer.
Emphasis is placed on becoming more proficient movement and technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on becoming more proficient with movement and technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on becoming proficient in applying the math skills to life situations.
Emphasis is placed on bedside therapeutics for children.
Emphasis is placed on beef, swine and sheep.
Emphasis is placed on behavioral and theoretical descriptions of the disorder.
Emphasis is placed on behavioral development and social behavior.
Emphasis is placed on being able to understand and apply knowledge to the current issues.
Emphasis is placed on being smooth and accurate.
Emphasis is placed on Bible stories and Christian decision making.
Emphasis is placed on Bible study and ministry within a relational model of the group.
Emphasis is placed on biblical basis of doctrines.
Emphasis is placed on bioanalytical and instrumental techniques.
Emphasis is placed on biodiversity encountered in South Africa, particularly insects and spiders.
Emphasis is placed on biological implications of man's activities.
Emphasis is placed on biological, cognitive, emotional and psychosocial aging.
Emphasis is placed on biological, cognitive, emotional and psychosocial factors of aging.
Emphasis is placed on black and white media in creating two dimensional designs.
Emphasis is placed on black and white photography.
Emphasis is placed on body control, interpretation, improvisation and scene work.
Emphasis is placed on body harnesses and lifeline protection systems.
Emphasis is placed on body placement, stretching, jazz movements, and syncopated rhythms.
Emphasis is placed on bones, joints, muscles, innervation, and blood supply.
Emphasis is placed on both academic achievement and practical experience.
Emphasis is placed on both analysis and design.
Emphasis is placed on both applied and basic nutrition studies.
Emphasis is placed on both conceptual understanding and the development of problem solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on both content and instructional technique.
Emphasis is placed on both criminal statutes and case law.
Emphasis is placed on both criminal statutes and case-law.
Emphasis is placed on both design and production.
Emphasis is placed on both formal and informal assessment tools.
Emphasis is placed on both geometric and electronic position fixing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on both grammar and cultural information.
Emphasis is placed on both historical data and learning how images of all kinds communicate.
Emphasis is placed on both individual and team sportsmanship, effort and willingness to improve.
Emphasis is placed on both indoor and outdoor activities in a specially designed pre-school setting.
Emphasis is placed on both industry and communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on both knowledge and practical skills development.
Emphasis is placed on both legal analysis and on understanding law as a product of social process.
Emphasis is placed on both medical and surgical aspects of diagnosis and management.
Emphasis is placed on both object-oriented design and efficient implementation of the design.
Emphasis is placed on both offenses and offenders at each stage of the process.
Emphasis is placed on both pathologic anatomy and clinical manifestations of disease.
Emphasis is placed on both philosophical and practical aspects of athletics.
Emphasis is placed on both political and cultural heritage.
Emphasis is placed on both popular and potential international destinations.
Emphasis is placed on both quantitative and qualitative descriptions of solutions.
Emphasis is placed on both skill acquisition and teaching techniques.
Emphasis is placed on both test scores and on individual character.
Emphasis is placed on both the grammatical and conversational aspects of the language.
Emphasis is placed on both the individual and populational levels of interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on both the theory and application of international marketing decision processes.
Emphasis is placed on both theoretical and practical concepts.
Emphasis is placed on both theory and current practice in business organizations.
Emphasis is placed on both transparent and opaque water colors.
Emphasis is placed on both verbal and nonverbal communication techniques in public speaking.
Emphasis is placed on both work and growth group leadership skills.
Emphasis is placed on brake steering suspension and supplemental restraint systems.
Emphasis is placed on brakes, auto prep, exhaust, lubrication, tires, and cooling system repair.
Emphasis is placed on breathing and awareness of the connection between mind and body.
Emphasis is placed on breathing slowly from deep in the abdomen.
Emphasis is placed on breeding for excellent temperments and sound dogs.
Emphasis is placed on British history, culture, and the literary merits.
Emphasis is placed on broad economic theory and principles.
Emphasis is placed on broad, general biological principles as they apply to structure and function.
Emphasis is placed on broadcast news writing, editing, and delivery.
Emphasis is placed on budget making, fiscal management, and business operations.
Emphasis is placed on budgetary management, cost equivalence, and employee management.
Emphasis is placed on budgeting and financial control.
Emphasis is placed on budgeting theory and practice.
Emphasis is placed on budgeting, accounting, purchasing, and debt administration.
Emphasis is placed on building a church music program on Scriptural principles.
Emphasis is placed on building a large, strong framework to support future crops.
Emphasis is placed on building a positive self-concept in children.
Emphasis is placed on building a positive speech environment and practicing speech presentations.
Emphasis is placed on building capacity for continuous school improvement.
Emphasis is placed on building common bond, return corners, block corners, block wall stack bond.
Emphasis is placed on building confidence and competence in public presentations.
Emphasis is placed on building effective communication between parents, providers and teachers.
Emphasis is placed on building fundamental skills and using team strategies.
Emphasis is placed on building long-term relationships.
Emphasis is placed on building medical terms from word parts.
Emphasis is placed on building medical terms using prefixes, suffixes, and word roots.
Emphasis is placed on building physical models and developing problem solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on building positive relationships with children and adults.
Emphasis is placed on buildings and their graphical representation in construction drawings.
Emphasis is placed on business accounting in the increasingly complex business world.
Emphasis is placed on business applications.
Emphasis is placed on business communications.
Emphasis is placed on business problems.
Emphasis is placed on business reports, correspondence, and professional presentations.
Emphasis is placed on business writing style, tone, and content.
Emphasis is placed on calculating markup, markdown, cost price, selling price, and net profit.
Emphasis is placed on calibration theory and collection and analysis of data.
Emphasis is placed on camera operation, composition, darkroom technique, and creative expression.
Emphasis is placed on Canadian parasites and parasites which present major problems to world health.
Emphasis is placed on capabilities for on-line programming.
Emphasis is placed on capabilities for online programming.
Emphasis is placed on capital projects.
Emphasis is placed on car control techniques.
Emphasis is placed on cardiovascular conditioning and safety precautions.
Emphasis is placed on cardiovascular workout.
Emphasis is placed on career and program planning based on an individual's career goals.
Emphasis is placed on career exploration and understanding oneself as a worker.
Emphasis is placed on career guidance and finding a position in the museum profession.
Emphasis is placed on career guidance as well as skill development.
Emphasis is placed on career guidance, counseling and current trends in the field.
Emphasis is placed on career planning and development.
Emphasis is placed on career planning and meetings with representatives from business organizations.
Emphasis is placed on career-focused education and career pathways.
Emphasis is placed on careers in art and exploration of area galleries, museums and art shows.
Emphasis is placed on careers in criminal justice.
Emphasis is placed on careers in the food industry.
Emphasis is placed on careers, basic hand tools, use of service manuals, and vehicle maintenance.
Emphasis is placed on careful mathematical reasoning.
Emphasis is placed on case management and differentiated practice.
Emphasis is placed on case management.
Emphasis is placed on case studies and field observation of ancient and contemporary cultures.
Emphasis is placed on case studies and small-group projects involving research or planning.
Emphasis is placed on case studies and the application of techniques and processes.
Emphasis is placed on case studies of artists and scientists.
Emphasis is placed on case studies.
Emphasis is placed on cattle and swine reproduction.
Emphasis is placed on causes, effects, and relations of historical events.
Emphasis is placed on cell concepts, genetics, the five kingdoms, and ecology.
Emphasis is placed on cell organization, human tissues and discussion of each of the human systems.
Emphasis is placed on cells, tissues, and the nervous, muscular, and digestive systems.
Emphasis is placed on cellular biology, cellular and molecular immunology, and molecular biology.
Emphasis is placed on cellular mechanisms and the control and interaction of organ systems.
Emphasis is placed on cellular reproduction, biochemical reactions, and microbiology.
Emphasis is placed on central North America.
Emphasis is placed on ceramics within a fine arts context.
Emphasis is placed on change strategies, student activities, and program evaluation.
Emphasis is placed on change, personal and professional growth.
Emphasis is placed on channeling and tufting for all styles and types.
Emphasis is placed on chapter leadership.
Emphasis is placed on character development and the teaching of Christian values.
Emphasis is placed on Chaucer's language.
Emphasis is placed on checklists for making home-risk assessments.
Emphasis is placed on checkpoints and deliverables rather than filling out templates.
Emphasis is placed on chemical equilibrium, molecular bonding, and the rates of chemical reactions.
Emphasis is placed on chemical reactions, energy forms, and ecological studies.
Emphasis is placed on chemical techniques rather than spectrophotometric methods.
Emphasis is placed on chemistry, related theory and interpersonal relations.
Emphasis is placed on child abuse and wife abuse.
Emphasis is placed on child and family development theories.
Emphasis is placed on child development and developmentally appropriate practices.
Emphasis is placed on child guidance techniques and curriculum development.
Emphasis is placed on childhood disorders as normal development gone awry.
Emphasis is placed on China and Japan.
Emphasis is placed on choosing effective communication strategies for particular audiences.
Emphasis is placed on choral fundamentals - singing technique and notereading.
Emphasis is placed on chord analysis, phrase structure, tonal relationships, and macro-form.
Emphasis is placed on Christian family.
Emphasis is placed on chromatically inflected four-part harmonic dictation.
Emphasis is placed on chromatography, spectrophotometry, and electro-chemistry.
Emphasis is placed on chronic disease causes, prevention, and control.
Emphasis is placed on circuit construction and test equipment familiarization and utilization.
Emphasis is placed on circuit design.
Emphasis is placed on circulatory, respiratory, immune, reproductive, and endocrine systems.
Emphasis is placed on citing references.
Emphasis is placed on citizen's rights and responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed on civil procedures as opposed to substantive law.
Emphasis is placed on cladograms and paleoecology.
Emphasis is placed on clarity , conciseness, organization, format, style and tone.
Emphasis is placed on clarity and rigour in reasoning and in the application of methods.
Emphasis is placed on clarity, conciseness, organization, format, style, and tone.
Emphasis is placed on class attendance and regular study as opposed to cramming for tests and exams.
Emphasis is placed on class discussion of student writing.
Emphasis is placed on class discussion, group work and writing.
Emphasis is placed on class participation and practical application.
Emphasis is placed on class participation by all students.
Emphasis is placed on class participation.
Emphasis is placed on classification structure, replication and pathogenesis.
Emphasis is placed on classroom approaches to the teaching of reading.
Emphasis is placed on clear and effective writings, good editing for grammar and readability.
Emphasis is placed on clear writing and practical application as aids to developing writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on clinical application and interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on clinical application.
Emphasis is placed on clinical aspects, making the anatomy more relevant and interesting.
Emphasis is placed on clinical decision-making in the ambulatory setting.
Emphasis is placed on clinical decision-making, differential diagnoses and patient management.
Emphasis is placed on clinical evaluation of injury by the athletic trainer.
Emphasis is placed on clinical medicine, teaching, and clinical research in preparation for boards.
Emphasis is placed on clinical problem solving in medical diagnosis and therapeutics.
Emphasis is placed on clinical problem-solving skills development.
Emphasis is placed on clinical reasoning and the evaluation of practice.
Emphasis is placed on clinical research, leadership skills, and communication.
Emphasis is placed on clinical skills.
Emphasis is placed on clinical urologic patient management, both surgical and medical.
Emphasis is placed on close analysis of specific films and examples of film literature.
Emphasis is placed on close communication with the referring physician and the patient.
Emphasis is placed on close reading and critical interpretation of selected primary texts.
Emphasis is placed on close reading and interpretation of primary texts.
Emphasis is placed on close reading and interpretation of selected primary texts.
Emphasis is placed on close textual readings.
Emphasis is placed on coaching and leading a team through a complex change situation.
Emphasis is placed on coaching and positive discipline techniques.
Emphasis is placed on coaching, counseling, team building, and employee involvement.
Emphasis is placed on code compliance and accepted industry design and installation practice.
Emphasis is placed on code optimization, algorithm and program correctness.
Emphasis is placed on cognitive processes, personality, and mental health.
Emphasis is placed on collaboration with families, caregivers, teachers and significant others.
Emphasis is placed on collaborative work with other sectors.
Emphasis is placed on collecting and communicating criminal justice data and literature.
Emphasis is placed on collecting, summarizing, analyzing, and reporting financial information.
Emphasis is placed on collecting, summarizing, anaylzing, and reporting financial information.
Emphasis is placed on collection and admissibility of evidence.
Emphasis is placed on college preparatory skills and materials.
Emphasis is placed on color illustrations.
Emphasis is placed on color mixing, value, intensity and compositional organization.
Emphasis is placed on color theory and color adjustments.
Emphasis is placed on colorants and temperature for the firing process in the kiln.
Emphasis is placed on combatting racism and other forms of bigotry.
Emphasis is placed on combination and techniques of self-defense purposes.
Emphasis is placed on combining production types to produce longer and more complex programs.
Emphasis is placed on comedy, improv, and comedy games.
Emphasis is placed on comments concerning the markets and news of Asia without the hype and PR spin.
Emphasis is placed on commercial banks and thrifts.
Emphasis is placed on commercial, educational, public, and cable television and radio.
Emphasis is placed on commitment to FEW organizational goals and communication.
Emphasis is placed on common industrial materials.
Emphasis is placed on common psychological and physical problems for the aging.
Emphasis is placed on common soil and aquatic procaryotes.
Emphasis is placed on common solid and aquatic prokary otes.
Emphasis is placed on commonly prescribed medications for clients of all ages.
Emphasis is placed on commonly used computational procedures.
Emphasis is placed on commonly used drugs and their effects on body systems.
Emphasis is placed on communicating conclusions in concise and persuasive writing and speaking.
Emphasis is placed on communicating in a succinct, yet complete fashion.
Emphasis is placed on communication and accurate record keeping skills.
Emphasis is placed on communication and collaboration with members of the health care team.
Emphasis is placed on communication and support for the expression of feelings.
Emphasis is placed on communication arts, mathematics and enrichment experiences.
Emphasis is placed on communication assessment and management approaches.
Emphasis is placed on communication both in speaking and in writing.
Emphasis is placed on communication in speaking, writing, and listening.
Emphasis is placed on communication skills and ethical practice.
Emphasis is placed on communication skills and the beginning stages of the problem-solving process.
Emphasis is placed on communication skills, word processing and general office skills.
Emphasis is placed on communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on communication with community college faculty and students.
Emphasis is placed on communication, scheduling, and medical records.
Emphasis is placed on communication, student assessment, and assisting students in the lab.
Emphasis is placed on communicative ability relevant to real situations.
Emphasis is placed on communicative competency.
Emphasis is placed on communicative proficiency.
Emphasis is placed on community involvement.
Emphasis is placed on community stewardship as well as on operational efficiencies.
Emphasis is placed on companies with superior earnings growth.
Emphasis is placed on comparative anatomy, ecology, life histories and phylogenetic relationships.
Emphasis is placed on comparative development, roles, structures, processes, and functions.
Emphasis is placed on comparative judging and proper procedures of oral reasons.
Emphasis is placed on comparative sociology of primitive tribal people living today.
Emphasis is placed on comparing and contrasting various approaches and their techniques.
Emphasis is placed on comparing historical precedents with current debates concerning laser stars .
Emphasis is placed on comparing key differences in different productions.
Emphasis is placed on comparisons of structure and function in major groups.
Emphasis is placed on competency in building and trouble-shooting circuits.
Emphasis is placed on competent organization, planning and recordkeeping.
Emphasis is placed on competent small boat handling and small craft safety.
Emphasis is placed on competition, and the paradigm present at the modified level is reversed.
Emphasis is placed on competitive debate and contest activities.
Emphasis is placed on competitiveness issues.
Emphasis is placed on competitiveness.
Emphasis is placed on completing the entire software engineering life cycle in team projects.
Emphasis is placed on completion of education programs.
Emphasis is placed on complex structures involving diverse orchestrations.
Emphasis is placed on complexity, balance, richness of extract, and ripe varietal fruit.
Emphasis is placed on component sequences and interaction within a circuit.
Emphasis is placed on components and controls used in air conditioning equipment.
Emphasis is placed on composition of a variety of modes for a variety of purposes.
Emphasis is placed on composition, advanced conversation and reading.
Emphasis is placed on composition, arrangement, style, spelling and positive writing.
Emphasis is placed on compounds in the aliphatic series.
Emphasis is placed on compre- hension and speaking with clarity.
Emphasis is placed on comprehension and on building a foundation of literary form.
Emphasis is placed on comprehension via numerous practice drills.
Emphasis is placed on comprehension, appreciation, and interpretation of the Hispanic culture.
Emphasis is placed on comprehension, interpretation, and writing.
Emphasis is placed on comprehension, paragraph structure and group applications.
Emphasis is placed on comprehensive case analysis.
Emphasis is placed on comprehensive dental hygiene treatment.
Emphasis is placed on comprehensive longitudinal care, including all levels of care.
Emphasis is placed on comprehensive low-cost diagnostic evaluation.
Emphasis is placed on comprehensive musculoskeletal exams.
Emphasis is placed on computational algorithms and their error performance.
Emphasis is placed on computational techniques.
Emphasis is placed on computer application in engineering analysis and design.
Emphasis is placed on computer generated graphics and slide making.
Emphasis is placed on computer literacy, operating systems, and structured language programming.
Emphasis is placed on computer programming, software applications and web page design instruction.
Emphasis is placed on computer software applications.
Emphasis is placed on computer spreadsheets as a decision tool.
Emphasis is placed on computer technology, software evaluation and instructional devices.
Emphasis is placed on computer use and design requirements for kitchens and baths.
Emphasis is placed on computer-based techniques for solving problems.
Emphasis is placed on computerized accounting applications in the business office.
Emphasis is placed on computerized restaurant accounting systems.
Emphasis is placed on computers as management tools.
Emphasis is placed on concept analysis, synthesis, and derivation.
Emphasis is placed on concept and pictorial composition.
Emphasis is placed on concept and the relationship between content and form.
Emphasis is placed on concept development, design collaboration and script interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on concept development, thematic teaching, and technology.
Emphasis is placed on concept development.
Emphasis is placed on concepts and applications to business, social and natural sciences.
Emphasis is placed on concepts and interpretations.
Emphasis is placed on concepts and techniques related to the students' ion-channel research.
Emphasis is placed on concepts and techniques using metals and other materials.
Emphasis is placed on concepts in science and mathematics, as they relate to laboratory medicine.
Emphasis is placed on concepts involved in the critical consumption of educational research.
Emphasis is placed on concepts of radiation safety and patient management.
Emphasis is placed on concepts of style and historical evolution.
Emphasis is placed on concepts of the laws of motion, energy and momentum.
Emphasis is placed on concepts of transmission and prevention.
Emphasis is placed on concepts that are applicable to both conventional and electronic pre-press.
Emphasis is placed on concepts, and applications of derivatives and differentials, and integrals.
Emphasis is placed on concepts, modeling, and applications.
Emphasis is placed on concepts, rather than mathematical rigor.
Emphasis is placed on conceptual and aesthetic aspects of photography.
Emphasis is placed on conceptual development and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on conceptual knowledge and understanding.
Emphasis is placed on conceptual understanding rather than numerical computation.
Emphasis is placed on conceptual, human and technical skills in management.
Emphasis is placed on concise methods of establishing assessment and management priorities.
Emphasis is placed on concurrent studies in the biological sciences.
Emphasis is placed on conditioning and stretching especially for martial arts activity.
Emphasis is placed on conditions commonly treated in speech-language pathology.
Emphasis is placed on conditions whereby natural resources become public policy concerns.
Emphasis is placed on conditions within Europe when possible.
Emphasis is placed on conducting experiments independently.
Emphasis is placed on conducting field research and communicating research in writing.
Emphasis is placed on Congressional elections.
Emphasis is placed on connected language in phrases and short stories.
Emphasis is placed on consent, release of information, and access to health information.
Emphasis is placed on conservation in the United States.
Emphasis is placed on conservatism, fascism, liberalism and socialism.
Emphasis is placed on considerations involving the changing of scales of the physical quantities.
Emphasis is placed on considering first what the client feels and then what the client wants.
Emphasis is placed on construction and utilization of centers for manipulative learning.
Emphasis is placed on construction techniques, materials, planning and building codes.
Emphasis is placed on construction theory, blueprint reading, and related math.
Emphasis is placed on consumer and environmental analysis, marketing strategy and the marketing mix.
Emphasis is placed on consumer values and the end use and care of the textile product.
Emphasis is placed on consumer's role in marketing and on marketing environment.
Emphasis is placed on contagious and economically important diseases occurring in Denmark.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary accounting literature.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary authors and writings.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary business problems and hands-on solutions.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary codes and standards as well as emerging research applications.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary commercial art production techniques.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary dental hygiene issues.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary designs and other related topics.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary expressions, idioms, reduced speech and pronunciation.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary issue in our financial system.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary issues and contracts affecting business transactions.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary issues and thinkers in the philosophy of art.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary issues within a global context.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary problems and possible solutions.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary programs which stress direct experience in laboratory activities.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary social problems.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary topics as well as emerging research applications.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary topics with relevance to special issues in a multi-faceted field.
Emphasis is placed on contemporary writers.
Emphasis is placed on content and organization in the development and delivery of oral messages.
Emphasis is placed on content area vocabulary and academic reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on content design and production management.
Emphasis is placed on content factors such as organization, support material, and types of speaking.
Emphasis is placed on content, group work, and the process of inquiry-based science.
Emphasis is placed on content, terminology, design, and style.
Emphasis is placed on content, which is an important element of a good web site.
Emphasis is placed on context free languages.
Emphasis is placed on contextual applications and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on continuity of patient care and increasing degrees of resident responsibility.
Emphasis is placed on continuous fiber organic matrix composites.
Emphasis is placed on contractual work and, to a lesser extent, building materials.
Emphasis is placed on contrasting the models with the constitutive behavior of real soil.
Emphasis is placed on contributing effectively as a team member of a survey crew.
Emphasis is placed on contributions of individual writers and schools of economic thought.
Emphasis is placed on control by timely removal and utilization of merchantable infested material.
Emphasis is placed on control of the operating system, file management, and keyboarding.
Emphasis is placed on control techniques and model simulation.
Emphasis is placed on conversation and writing.
Emphasis is placed on conversation, reading, composition, and grammar.
Emphasis is placed on conversational ability, reading and writing.
Emphasis is placed on conversational ability.
Emphasis is placed on conversational English and vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on conversational French while continuing study of French culture and society.
Emphasis is placed on conversational skills and on the development of reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on conversational skills and on the development of reading writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on conversational skills.
Emphasis is placed on cooperation and mutual work.
Emphasis is placed on cooperation and teamwork.
Emphasis is placed on cooperation, healthy competition, and learning an enjoyable lifetime activity.
Emphasis is placed on cooperative learning strategies and on the district's integrated curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on cooperative learning with students of other rehabilitation based professions.
Emphasis is placed on cooperative learning.
Emphasis is placed on cooperative play presented through an unbiased curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on coordination and integration between work sites and classroom learning.
Emphasis is placed on coordination with neighborhood associations and local environmental groups.
Emphasis is placed on coping behavior within an ecological context.
Emphasis is placed on coral reef-associated species, but other groups are also discussed.
Emphasis is placed on corporate accounting.
Emphasis is placed on correct body positions and correct execution of advanced basic technique.
Emphasis is placed on correct document formatting and producing mailable documents.
Emphasis is placed on correct grammar spelling and punctuation.
Emphasis is placed on correct hand position, neatness and correct formation of the letter patterns.
Emphasis is placed on correct presentation of results in report form.
Emphasis is placed on correct punctuation, capitalization, and spelling.
Emphasis is placed on correct reading and translation of text.
Emphasis is placed on correct use of test equipment and circuit debugging techniques.
Emphasis is placed on corrective, middle age, old age and character makeup.
Emphasis is placed on correctness and precision in each student's writing.
Emphasis is placed on correctness and the fraternal bond.
Emphasis is placed on correlating the effect of the dysrhythmia on actual myocardial function.
Emphasis is placed on correlation of structure and reactivity and on stereochemistry.
Emphasis is placed on correlation of surgical and cytopathology.
Emphasis is placed on cost allocation including joint products and byproducts.
Emphasis is placed on cost management and the use of information for decision making.
Emphasis is placed on cost planning, cost effectiveness, and the planning process.
Emphasis is placed on cost-effective treatments, counseling, and prevention.
Emphasis is placed on costs and management of the recovery process.
Emphasis is placed on course work in chemistry, biology, biochemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Emphasis is placed on courses in mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology.
Emphasis is placed on court positioning, play, and strategy.
Emphasis is placed on craftsmanship, problem-solving, design and variety.
Emphasis is placed on creating a forum where a variety of values and viewpoints are discussed.
Emphasis is placed on creating a learning and nurturing environment in every city.
Emphasis is placed on creating a professional, polished approach to marketing products and services.
Emphasis is placed on creating a story process.
Emphasis is placed on creating a variety of sentence types and constructing simple paragraphs.
Emphasis is placed on creating a worksheet and entering basic formulas.
Emphasis is placed on creating and producing advertising design pieces.
Emphasis is placed on creating avenues for practical experience.
Emphasis is placed on creating basic to advanced spreadsheets having a professional appearance.
Emphasis is placed on creating composition for the literary market.
Emphasis is placed on creating exciting and innovative meals, foreign foods and entertaining.
Emphasis is placed on creating files that print accurately.
Emphasis is placed on creating interdisciplinary and collaborative approaches to research.
Emphasis is placed on creating nurturing home environments through the life cycle.
Emphasis is placed on creating plastic parts which meet customer product requirements.
Emphasis is placed on creating positive, memorable experiences for all customers.
Emphasis is placed on creating three-dimensional computer models.
Emphasis is placed on creating transitions, and moving and manipulation of the video image.
Emphasis is placed on creating, saving, printing, editing, formatting, and managing documents.
Emphasis is placed on creation and administration of a benefits and services program.
Emphasis is placed on creation and manipulation of images using graphic design software.
Emphasis is placed on creation of character and narrative structure.
Emphasis is placed on creative applications of digital technology.
Emphasis is placed on creative color uses.
Emphasis is placed on creative expression and experimentation, as well as form and style.
Emphasis is placed on creative expression, camera handling, story boarding, and editing.
Emphasis is placed on creative expression, surface design, sculptural quality, and glaze effect.
Emphasis is placed on creative ideas, aesthetics, technology and quality of mark making.
Emphasis is placed on creative participation in water shows.
Emphasis is placed on creative problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on creative process and in making connections to the curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on creative rendering and human anatomy.
Emphasis is placed on creative research, even in beginning level courses.
Emphasis is placed on creative work.
Emphasis is placed on creative, analytical and communication skills through a variety of courses.
Emphasis is placed on creativity and craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on creativity and leadership.
Emphasis is placed on creativity in finding design solutions to practical problems.
Emphasis is placed on creativity, and the projects become elements of a professional portfolio.
Emphasis is placed on creativity, content, gathering of information, and layout.
Emphasis is placed on creativity, innovation, presentation, and integration.
Emphasis is placed on creativity, mastery of concept, and the computer.
Emphasis is placed on creativity.
Emphasis is placed on credit management and the place of credit in the financial structure.
Emphasis is placed on crime scene search, fingerprinting, cast molding, and practical exercises.
Emphasis is placed on crisis intervention.
Emphasis is placed on criteria for selection of good literature and teaching techniques.
Emphasis is placed on critical analysis and an in-depth knowledge of literary devices.
Emphasis is placed on critical analysis of current research.
Emphasis is placed on critical analysis of published nursing research.
Emphasis is placed on critical analysis of research theory construction and methods.
Emphasis is placed on critical analysis of the problem and defining visual goals.
Emphasis is placed on critical analysis, discussion, research, and reporting.
Emphasis is placed on critical analysis, vocabulary growth, and stylistic skills.
Emphasis is placed on critical care and advanced patient monitoring and assessment.
Emphasis is placed on critical communication, management, education, and research needs.
Emphasis is placed on critical evaluation of research strategies and hypotheses.
Emphasis is placed on critical expository writing.
Emphasis is placed on critical learning rather then criticism.
Emphasis is placed on critical or evolving areas of personnel administration.
Emphasis is placed on critical reading and writing, as well as developing advanced research skills.
Emphasis is placed on critical reading, comprehension skills, increased vocabulary and reading rate.
Emphasis is placed on critical reflection about teaching and learning.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking and application of ideas.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking and clinical decision making skills.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking and experiential learning through fieldwork opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking and health applications.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking and on developing personal approach to the design process.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking and problem-solving strategies.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking in problem identification and solution implementation.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking skills and leadership development.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking, conceptualization, analysis and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking, conceptualization, analysis, and problem-solving.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking, evaluation and research.
Emphasis is placed on critical thinking.
Emphasis is placed on critical understanding and disciplined reflection.
Emphasis is placed on critical understanding of significant problems.
Emphasis is placed on critique of current nursing research.
Emphasis is placed on cross cultural exchanges, complexity, and communication.
Emphasis is placed on cross-cultural comparisons.
Emphasis is placed on cross-cultural programs and enviromental awareness.
Emphasis is placed on cross-disciplinary studies and on the relation of learning to everyday life.
Emphasis is placed on cruise vacations and all inclusive land vacations.
Emphasis is placed on crystalline and semi-crystalline polymers.
Emphasis is placed on cultivating the individual student's conceptual and technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on cultural and physical accessibility.
Emphasis is placed on cultural diversity and meeting the needs of the medically underserved.
Emphasis is placed on cultural, social, and political developments.
Emphasis is placed on cultural, social, political, and psychological effects of the media.
Emphasis is placed on cultural, sociological, and psychological forces affecting consumers.
Emphasis is placed on culture and civilization.
Emphasis is placed on culture and on countries that represent upcoming opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on culture, modernization, and revolutionary movements.
Emphasis is placed on culture, socialization, group behavior and social inequality.
Emphasis is placed on culture, socialization, group behavior, and social inequality.
Emphasis is placed on cure and prevent.
Emphasis is placed on current accounting issues.
Emphasis is placed on current advanced books and literature in relevant journals.
Emphasis is placed on current and historical mathematics literature.
Emphasis is placed on current business trends and their impact on the purchasing profession.
Emphasis is placed on current developments in the area.
Emphasis is placed on current events in the healthcare arena.
Emphasis is placed on current health issues such as nutrition, mental health, and fitness.
Emphasis is placed on current industry standards and practice in local area network technology.
Emphasis is placed on current interpretations and policy.
Emphasis is placed on current issues and research in gerontology.
Emphasis is placed on current legal problems and issues.
Emphasis is placed on current literature and emerging research areas.
Emphasis is placed on current literature and on the application of concepts to biomedical research.
Emphasis is placed on current national trends and issues throughout the curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on current nutrition issues and controversies.
Emphasis is placed on current regulations and standards for blood banks.
Emphasis is placed on current research on personality factors.
Emphasis is placed on current situations and techniques.
Emphasis is placed on current tax and expenditure issues.
Emphasis is placed on current teams attending as a group.
Emphasis is placed on current terminology and workflow in a variety of business settings.
Emphasis is placed on current theories in the literature.
Emphasis is placed on current theories, issues, and research areas.
Emphasis is placed on current trends and issues within the field.
Emphasis is placed on current usage and pronunciation in spoken Spanish.
Emphasis is placed on current usage.
Emphasis is placed on current, high demand materials.
Emphasis is placed on current-day primitive and complex societies.
Emphasis is placed on curriculum and methodology to enhance perceptual motor performance.
Emphasis is placed on curve sketching including the translation and rotation of conics.
Emphasis is placed on customer satisfaction and retention using Internet technology.
Emphasis is placed on customers needs and expectations.
Emphasis is placed on cyclical poverty, allocation of resources and policy planning.
Emphasis is placed on cytologic-histologic correlation.
Emphasis is placed on data abstraction, procedure abstraction, and symbol manipulation applications.
Emphasis is placed on data analysis, decision making, and using spreadsheets to analyze data.
Emphasis is placed on data capture, management, analysis and output.
Emphasis is placed on data manipulation and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on database connectivity and multimedia.
Emphasis is placed on database connectivity.
Emphasis is placed on database manipulation with queries, reports, forms, and some table creation.
Emphasis is placed on dealing with ethical dilemmas.
Emphasis is placed on dealing with poor eaters.
Emphasis is placed on dealing with printed publications for both internal and external audiences.
Emphasis is placed on decision making and choice making.
Emphasis is placed on decision making and resolving conflict in groups.
Emphasis is placed on decision making and resolving conflicts in groups.
Emphasis is placed on decision making in preparation for entry-level accounting clerk positions.
Emphasis is placed on decision making in the global environment.
Emphasis is placed on decision making related to such areas as product, place, price, and promotion.
Emphasis is placed on decision making with regard to international investment and finance.
Emphasis is placed on decision-making and conflict resolution.
Emphasis is placed on decision-making and resolving conflict among groups.
Emphasis is placed on decision-making and resolving conflict in groups.
Emphasis is placed on decision-making and resolving conflicts in groups.
Emphasis is placed on decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on deductive reasoning and formal proofs.
Emphasis is placed on deeper understanding of the language and culture.
Emphasis is placed on defining a RE process.
Emphasis is placed on defining goals and developing strategies to achieve goals.
Emphasis is placed on defining outcomes and goals through one's dreams, wishes, and desires.
Emphasis is placed on defining problems, designing, constructing, and testing prototypes.
Emphasis is placed on defining the problem.
Emphasis is placed on defining, evaluating and solving problems with multiple objectives.
Emphasis is placed on defining, spelling, abbreviating, and pronouncing medical terms and diseases.
Emphasis is placed on defining, spelling, and pronouncing of medical terms and abbreviations.
Emphasis is placed on defining, spelling, and pronunciation of medical terms and abbreviations.
Emphasis is placed on definition, usage and pronunciation.
Emphasis is placed on definitions, spelling and pronunciation of terms.
Emphasis is placed on deleting regionalisms and developing a professional speaking voice.
Emphasis is placed on delivering usable fleet products and ensuring maximum mobilization readiness.
Emphasis is placed on demand, supply and equilibrium analysis, elasticity, and basic market models.
Emphasis is placed on demonstrations and worked problems to illustrate the basic concepts.
Emphasis is placed on depreciation and disposal of fixed assets and payroll.
Emphasis is placed on describing the methodology.
Emphasis is placed on description and analysis of European economic integration.
Emphasis is placed on description, assessment, and efficacy of treatment.
Emphasis is placed on descriptive and inferential statistics.
Emphasis is placed on descriptive chemistry and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on descriptive rather than analytical epidemiology.
Emphasis is placed on descriptive, persuasive, and argumentative writing.
Emphasis is placed on design and manufacture of simple jigs and fixtures.
Emphasis is placed on design and operation of treatment systems.
Emphasis is placed on design and performance aspects of a system wide quality assurance function.
Emphasis is placed on design and performance issues of traditional and broadband networks.
Emphasis is placed on design and production of effective instructional materials.
Emphasis is placed on design as a creative, conceptually driven, iterative process.
Emphasis is placed on design being an element in the overall design concept for a production.
Emphasis is placed on design interaction throughout the art studios.
Emphasis is placed on design process in developing solutions for design projects.
Emphasis is placed on design techniques that are current with industry standards.
Emphasis is placed on design unity, scale, and the use of practical, reliable plants.
Emphasis is placed on design, consideration of the end-user, and management of databases.
Emphasis is placed on design, construction, craftsmanship, and good work habits.
Emphasis is placed on design, data generation and analysis, and dissemination of findings.
Emphasis is placed on design, data generation, analysis, and dissemination of findings.
Emphasis is placed on design, implementation, and interpretation of the techniques.
Emphasis is placed on design, operation, adjustment and knowledge of equipment.
Emphasis is placed on design, operation, adjustments and proper equipment use.
Emphasis is placed on design, proper measuring techniques and documentation of results.
Emphasis is placed on designing a flexible program of study in the student's area of specialization.
Emphasis is placed on designing a program that is tailored to the student's specific goals.
Emphasis is placed on designing and executing experiments.
Emphasis is placed on designing and fabricating jewelry, small sculptures, and utilitarian objects.
Emphasis is placed on designing and planning strategies for policing agencies.
Emphasis is placed on designing experiments, analyzing data, and report writing.
Emphasis is placed on designing for communication and traffic flow.
Emphasis is placed on designing for convergent technologies as well as on inherent societal issues.
Emphasis is placed on designing individualized education programs.
Emphasis is placed on designing research.
Emphasis is placed on desktop publishing, interactive software and computerized accounting.
Emphasis is placed on detail, emotion, what is strong and honest, rather than grammar and mechanics.
Emphasis is placed on detailed audits, internal auditing and the auditing process.
Emphasis is placed on detailed design and construction of cabinetry.
Emphasis is placed on details that quantitative job searchers often overlook.
Emphasis is placed on determining how much a trust can pay out and still keep up with inflation.
Emphasis is placed on developing a broad understanding of hydrologic, soil and plant processes.
Emphasis is placed on developing a broad understanding of hydrologic, soil, and plant processes.
Emphasis is placed on developing a broad understanding of soil, plant and hydrologic processes.
Emphasis is placed on developing a broad understanding of soil, plant, and hydrologic processes.
Emphasis is placed on developing a concept and theme over subjects or straight subject headings.
Emphasis is placed on developing a diagnostic approach to problem-solving.
Emphasis is placed on developing a familiarity with the more significant world literature.
Emphasis is placed on developing a framework to evaluate research and communicate results.
Emphasis is placed on developing a high rate of speed and accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on developing a mature singing voice using three and four part harmony.
Emphasis is placed on developing a more rounded and balanced band.
Emphasis is placed on developing a range of communication skills in interpersonal contexts.
Emphasis is placed on developing a rational problem-oriented approach to complex medical problems.
Emphasis is placed on developing a responsible professional with a sense of social awareness.
Emphasis is placed on developing a theoretical foundation of industrial motor control devices.
Emphasis is placed on developing a visual memory of how the body moves.
Emphasis is placed on developing advanced problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing advanced skills in expressive and receptive interpreting.
Emphasis is placed on developing algorithms which are suited for on-board implementation.
Emphasis is placed on developing an appreciation for enlightened applied statistical analysis.
Emphasis is placed on developing an understanding of macroeconomic concepts and policies.
Emphasis is placed on developing analytical, problem solving, and communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing and applying knowledge and technical skills in clinical urinalysis.
Emphasis is placed on developing and implementing an independent study design.
Emphasis is placed on developing and improving the fundamentals of instrumental music technique.
Emphasis is placed on developing and maintaining a smooth-running program.
Emphasis is placed on developing and promoting a personal photographic style.
Emphasis is placed on developing and refining important movement skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing and understanding composition.
Emphasis is placed on developing appropriate means of sharing one's faith in the office.
Emphasis is placed on developing audio perception skills for recording engineers.
Emphasis is placed on developing basic communication skills in spoken and written Spanish.
Emphasis is placed on developing basic personal computer skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing basic skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing basic techniques and interpersonal skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing color perception and designing and completing a still life.
Emphasis is placed on developing communication skills in addition to a quantitative focus.
Emphasis is placed on developing competencies for the effective delivery of human services.
Emphasis is placed on developing conceptual skills and drawing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on developing conversational skills in everyday situations.
Emphasis is placed on developing correctness and fluency in everyday situations.
Emphasis is placed on developing court movement, ball control, as well as game competition.
Emphasis is placed on developing creative and intellectual insight in the visual arts.
Emphasis is placed on developing creative as well as analytical ability.
Emphasis is placed on developing critical analytical skills, an important process in all learning.
Emphasis is placed on developing critical thinking and scientific observation skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing design concepts into sculptural realities.
Emphasis is placed on developing design problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing effective approaches to personal and professional relationships.
Emphasis is placed on developing effective oral and written communications.
Emphasis is placed on developing employment opportunities that match strengths.
Emphasis is placed on developing expressive and receptive interpreting skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing first level supervisory skills and techniques.
Emphasis is placed on developing fluency in speaking over a wide range of topic areas.
Emphasis is placed on developing functional proficiency in speaking, listening, reading and writing.
Emphasis is placed on developing good study habits early in the school year.
Emphasis is placed on developing good study skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing good writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing headlines, writing leads and avoiding cliches.
Emphasis is placed on developing individual research proposals for senior honors research.
Emphasis is placed on developing individual technical skills and increasing tactical knowledge.
Emphasis is placed on developing instrumental units of performance capability.
Emphasis is placed on developing integrated control programs for important parasitic diseases.
Emphasis is placed on developing leadership skills for supervisory and management levels.
Emphasis is placed on developing linkages for social and supportive services in the community.
Emphasis is placed on developing listening skill.
Emphasis is placed on developing listening skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing logical thinking skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing macros for mapping and database tasks.
Emphasis is placed on developing management generalists rather than technical or policy specialists.
Emphasis is placed on developing mathematical skills that employers value.
Emphasis is placed on developing more complex drawings, including detailed machine drawings.
Emphasis is placed on developing muscular strength, muscular endurance, and muscle tone.
Emphasis is placed on developing new and superior floral and woody nursery plants.
Emphasis is placed on developing observation and imagination.
Emphasis is placed on developing observation, imagination and creativity.
Emphasis is placed on developing observational skills, color mixing and compositional relationships.
Emphasis is placed on developing office skills and knowledge of medical terms.
Emphasis is placed on developing oral communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing original designs, patterns, and markers.
Emphasis is placed on developing original solutions to sculptural problems in a variety of media.
Emphasis is placed on developing original solutions to sculpture problems in a variety of media.
Emphasis is placed on developing original work.
Emphasis is placed on developing personal accountability and a strong sense of teamwork.
Emphasis is placed on developing plans, discussing programs and requirements for the future.
Emphasis is placed on developing positive communication and group participation skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing positive concepts of self and others.
Emphasis is placed on developing practical skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing problem solving skills useful in all areas of study.
Emphasis is placed on developing problem solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing proficiency in food preparation and meal management.
Emphasis is placed on developing proficiency of touch keyboarding and fundamental word processing.
Emphasis is placed on developing proper technique and increasing bat speed.
Emphasis is placed on developing proper vocal technique.
Emphasis is placed on developing public presentation skills and techniques.
Emphasis is placed on developing reading ability.
Emphasis is placed on developing reading skills in the Hebrew text.
Emphasis is placed on developing rhythm, coordination and a strong self-concept.
Emphasis is placed on developing self-confidence, social skills, and more.
Emphasis is placed on developing skill in analytical writing about literature.
Emphasis is placed on developing skill in constructing decorative masonry techniques.
Emphasis is placed on developing skilled applications of principles and procedures.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills in constructing mathematical proofs.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills in critical evaluation of addictions literature.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills in expressing basic elements of rhythm, design and movement.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills in interviewing, observing, and writing and editing copy.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills in observation and working with different drawing materials.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills in the student's particular discipline or interest.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills of enterprise and self confidence.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills related to the understanding and use of primary sources.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills related to understanding multicultural group behaviors.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills that are necessary for research participation.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills to counsel clients with special needs.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills to solve problems on the computer.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills which increase quality and control of life.
Emphasis is placed on developing skills, teamwork, and sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on developing social perception and general assertiveness.
Emphasis is placed on developing softness, suppleness and control of the horse's working parts.
Emphasis is placed on developing solutions to actual business problems using the case study method.
Emphasis is placed on developing solutions to lighting design problems.
Emphasis is placed on developing speaking skills for everyday conversations.
Emphasis is placed on developing speaking skills in the realm of innovative, meaningful situations.
Emphasis is placed on developing stalking skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing strong concepts and understanding how artwork is reproduced.
Emphasis is placed on developing strong interviewing and research skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing student skills in the sciences and mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on developing student's abilities to read, think, and draw exactly.
Emphasis is placed on developing students' academic competence, maturity, and self-confidence.
Emphasis is placed on developing students' writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on developing successful approaches based on solid data analysis and synthesis.
Emphasis is placed on developing teaching habits that are consciously informed actions.
Emphasis is placed on developing techniques which adequately reveal organisms present.
Emphasis is placed on developing the ability to deal critically with historical writing.
Emphasis is placed on developing the ability to determine color balance.
Emphasis is placed on developing the characteristics of skilled learners.
Emphasis is placed on developing the English skills needed for everyday life in the United States.
Emphasis is placed on developing the essay.
Emphasis is placed on developing the physical imagination and creative use of space.
Emphasis is placed on developing the real world use of the object-oriented programming paradigm.
Emphasis is placed on developing the schedule for implementation of a project.
Emphasis is placed on developing the serve, shot selection, and overall court strategy.
Emphasis is placed on developing the skill of decision making through the use of the case method.
Emphasis is placed on developing the skills and knowledge necessary for entry-level personnel.
Emphasis is placed on developing the skills necessary for independent research and study.
Emphasis is placed on developing the skills of analysis, synthesis and evaluation.
Emphasis is placed on developing the students' abilities in organization and presentation of ideas.
Emphasis is placed on developing the students' abilities in presentation of ideas.
Emphasis is placed on developing the students' abilities to interrelate various specializations.
Emphasis is placed on developing the student's ability to think, analyze, and troubleshoot.
Emphasis is placed on developing the well-rounded, whole student.
Emphasis is placed on developing training demonstrations and human resources.
Emphasis is placed on developing useful study strategies.
Emphasis is placed on developing word processing skills for personal use in all subject areas.
Emphasis is placed on developing written and oral communication.
Emphasis is placed on developing, estimating, and interpreting structural equation models.
Emphasis is placed on development of abilities for self-evaluation, learning and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on development of attitudes and skills related to marketing and merchandising.
Emphasis is placed on development of character and ensemble playing.
Emphasis is placed on development of conceptual framework for analysis of behavioral systems.
Emphasis is placed on development of data storage opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on development of expertise in the field of juvenile justice.
Emphasis is placed on development of fundamental skills, strategies of team play, and sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on development of independent learning and communical skills.
Emphasis is placed on development of leadership, presentation, and negotiation skills.
Emphasis is placed on development of problem solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on development of problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on development of procedures for handling oilfield fluid samples.
Emphasis is placed on development of professional attitudes, values, and ethics.
Emphasis is placed on development of skill for research papers.
Emphasis is placed on development of skills for a life time of fun.
Emphasis is placed on development of skills for biblical study and interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on development of skills necessary for the workplace.
Emphasis is placed on development of speed and accuracy, proper techniques, and correct fingering.
Emphasis is placed on development of student skills in presenting pertinent topics in oral form.
Emphasis is placed on development of the individual student's personal fitness program.
Emphasis is placed on development of the mind rather than on techniques.
Emphasis is placed on development of tone, intonation, balance, and style.
Emphasis is placed on development of writing skills and interpretative analysis.
Emphasis is placed on development of writing skills and interpretive analysis.
Emphasis is placed on development of writing skills including paragraph, essay, and research paper.
Emphasis is placed on development, initiation, and execution of clinical trials.
Emphasis is placed on developmental appropriateness as related to language.
Emphasis is placed on developmental assessment and intervention for health care providers.
Emphasis is placed on diagnosis and advanced primary skills in caring for clients.
Emphasis is placed on diagnosis and safe, necessary use of heat during overhaul procedures.
Emphasis is placed on diagnosis and the appropriate use of antibiotics.
Emphasis is placed on diagnosis and the treatment of malnutrition, diarrhoea, and malaria.
Emphasis is placed on diagnosis and treatment planning.
Emphasis is placed on diagnosis and troubleshooting.
Emphasis is placed on diagnosis, pathogenesis and management of parasitic infections.
Emphasis is placed on diagnosis, troubleshooting, and manufacturer's recommended service procedures.
Emphasis is placed on diagnostic and service procedures common to the industry.
Emphasis is placed on diagnostic characteristics for family-level recognition of adult insects.
Emphasis is placed on diagnostic skills and development of a broad differential diagnosis.
Emphasis is placed on diagnostics and repair.
Emphasis is placed on differences between tax and financial ac-counting concepts.
Emphasis is placed on differences between tax and financial accounting concepts.
Emphasis is placed on differences in women s experiences based on race, ethnicity, class and region.
Emphasis is placed on differences in women's experiences based on race, ethnicity, class and region.
Emphasis is placed on different types of radio production.
Emphasis is placed on differential diagnosis, pathophysiology of disease and efficient management.
Emphasis is placed on differing needs for diverse industries and individual corporate cultures.
Emphasis is placed on digital image enhancement as a means to further data analysis.
Emphasis is placed on digital techniques for the measurement of physical parameters.
Emphasis is placed on diodes, transistors, switching circuits, and fiber optics.
Emphasis is placed on direct litigation responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed on direct teaching of key skills.
Emphasis is placed on directing young people toward responsible sexual behavior.
Emphasis is placed on directly related early childhood education course work.
Emphasis is placed on directory structure, security, log-in, and access rights.
Emphasis is placed on discovering a skill, sharpening it, adding a dollar value and being brave.
Emphasis is placed on discovery, drafting of motions and trial briefs.
Emphasis is placed on discussing the various ethical issues and problems in counseling psychology.
Emphasis is placed on discussion and sharing of ideas.
Emphasis is placed on discussion groups.
Emphasis is placed on discussion of experimental studies from current literature.
Emphasis is placed on discussion techniques.
Emphasis is placed on discussion, critical reading, and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on discussion, debate, and examination of scientific issues in today s world.
Emphasis is placed on diseases of canine, feline, and avian and their relationship to public health.
Emphasis is placed on disorders of voice, rhythm, language and articulation.
Emphasis is placed on displacement, velocity, and acceleration calculations.
Emphasis is placed on dissection of globes and orbital exenteration specimens.
Emphasis is placed on distinguishing facts from fads and quackery.
Emphasis is placed on distribution patterns and environmental ramifications.
Emphasis is placed on distribution, product, pricing, promotion, and competitive analysis.
Emphasis is placed on diversified case studies.
Emphasis is placed on doctor-patient relationship, patient education and community education.
Emphasis is placed on documentation and collaboration with an occupational therapist.
Emphasis is placed on documentation of normal findings.
Emphasis is placed on documenting and collecting evidence.
Emphasis is placed on doing and growing.
Emphasis is placed on doing, solving, discussing and analyzing rather than lecturing.
Emphasis is placed on domestic farm animals.
Emphasis is placed on drafting and evaluation of contracts.
Emphasis is placed on draftsmanship and the creative use of knowledge and materials.
Emphasis is placed on dramatic structure, types of film, film theory and the function of film.
Emphasis is placed on drawing accurately from observation as well as expressively stating an idea.
Emphasis is placed on drawing from real objects in natural settings.
Emphasis is placed on drawing techniques, media, and graphic principles.
Emphasis is placed on drug groups and their indications and contraindications for use.
Emphasis is placed on drug interactions, routes of administration, and effects on body systems.
Emphasis is placed on drug use as a behavioral phenomenon.
Emphasis is placed on drugs used in dentistry.
Emphasis is placed on due process and objectivity in order to insure a fair hearing.
Emphasis is placed on dynamic data structures and advanced file handling techniques.
Emphasis is placed on dynamic meteorology and understanding the processes responsible for weather.
Emphasis is placed on each department and the coordination of all services to meet guest needs.
Emphasis is placed on each individual's physical and mental growth.
Emphasis is placed on each partner's participation and training.
Emphasis is placed on each student's understanding of their own eating habits.
Emphasis is placed on early and ongoing job readiness skills.
Emphasis is placed on early and rapid translation of basic research findings to human therapies.
Emphasis is placed on early detection and treatment.
Emphasis is placed on earning our clients' trust and loyalty.
Emphasis is placed on earnings history, debt paying ability, future and present financial position.
Emphasis is placed on ease of operation, product quality and responsive service.
Emphasis is placed on ease of use.
Emphasis is placed on easily measured parameters and field-measured data.
Emphasis is placed on eating healthy without it costing more.
Emphasis is placed on e-business and the future.
Emphasis is placed on eclectic wicca, dianic wicca, women's mysteries and stregheria.
Emphasis is placed on ecological factors and the rise of agricultural economics.
Emphasis is placed on ecological principles, human population growth, resources, and pollution.
Emphasis is placed on ecological relationships.
Emphasis is placed on economic and horticultural uses.
Emphasis is placed on economically important marine and estuarine fish and shellfish species.
Emphasis is placed on economically important structures of crop, ornamental and forest plants.
Emphasis is placed on economy of memory and speed.
Emphasis is placed on editing and revision techniques for proper English structure and style.
Emphasis is placed on editing files and productivity tools.
Emphasis is placed on editing skills.
Emphasis is placed on education and cultural value.
Emphasis is placed on education and interaction with the schools.
Emphasis is placed on education, consultation, research, and clinical practice.
Emphasis is placed on education, economic development, and improvement of quality of life.
Emphasis is placed on education, planning and the application of conservation practices.
Emphasis is placed on education, screening, prevention and continuity of care.
Emphasis is placed on education, testing and inspection.
Emphasis is placed on educational and scholarship awards.
Emphasis is placed on educational, instructional ind informational media.
Emphasis is placed on effective communication in oral and written presentation.
Emphasis is placed on effective communication of expe rimental procedures and results.
Emphasis is placed on effective communication of experimental procedures and results.
Emphasis is placed on effective communication through graphic design.
Emphasis is placed on effective communication through oral or written challenges.
Emphasis is placed on effective communication, quality, on-time delivery and customer service.
Emphasis is placed on effective communication.
Emphasis is placed on effective decision making and managing and resolving conflict in groups.
Emphasis is placed on effective decision making and managing and resolving group conflict.
Emphasis is placed on effective marketing strategy.
Emphasis is placed on effective oral and written communication.
Emphasis is placed on effective service.
Emphasis is placed on effective writing and speaking within the guidelines of the discipline.
Emphasis is placed on effects of and responses to varying forms of prejudice and discrimination.
Emphasis is placed on efficient and accurate drawing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on efficient communication of ideas and concepts.
Emphasis is placed on efficient software development using structured programming techniques.
Emphasis is placed on efficient use of computers to optimize speed and accuracy of computation.
Emphasis is placed on efficient use of equipment, dictionaries, PDRs, and other reference materials.
Emphasis is placed on efficient, cost-effective medical care in a variety of settings.
Emphasis is placed on electrical, environmental, and mechanical applications.
Emphasis is placed on electrical, fire, lifting, and ladder and scaffolding hazards.
Emphasis is placed on electronic and photographic media.
Emphasis is placed on electronic data processing and writing programs for business applications.
Emphasis is placed on electronic data processing systems.
Emphasis is placed on eliminating wastes through process improvements.
Emphasis is placed on emerging electronic formats.
Emphasis is placed on emerging issues that create new problems and opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on emerging literacy from birth to five years old.
Emphasis is placed on empirical findings.
Emphasis is placed on empirically based practice approaches.
Emphasis is placed on employee protection and cost effectiveness.
Emphasis is placed on employment experience.
Emphasis is placed on emulating the realities of an industrial organization.
Emphasis is placed on encouraging clear, accurate, and effective communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on encouraging interaction among all students, faculty, and staff.
Emphasis is placed on encouraging positive school attitude and increasing social skills.
Emphasis is placed on encouraging students to pursue graduate or professional degrees.
Emphasis is placed on enculturation and life-cycle rituals.
Emphasis is placed on endurance and stroke improvement.
Emphasis is placed on energy relationships in ecosystems and on population and community ecology.
Emphasis is placed on energy-efficient construction throughout the project.
Emphasis is placed on engine chamber design and injection systems.
Emphasis is placed on engineering and management skills relevant to the food industry.
Emphasis is placed on engineering, applied science and math for practical application.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing advanced-level writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing both verbal and written professional communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing clinical skills.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing quality of patient care.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing skill attainment in the carpentry field.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing skill attainment in the welding field.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing skills in venipuncture techniques.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing students' clinical judgment.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing team leadership in organizations.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing the development of young children while providing care or teaching.
Emphasis is placed on enhancing the quality of patient care.
Emphasis is placed on enrolling parents of young children.
Emphasis is placed on ensuring that homeless children and youth are enrolled in school.
Emphasis is placed on entrepreneurship and management decision making.
Emphasis is placed on entry-level therapeutic and diagnostic procedures used in respiratory care.
Emphasis is placed on environmental contaminants and the major exposure routes of the human body.
Emphasis is placed on environmental issues of remote sensing.
Emphasis is placed on environmental management issues of the coastal zone.
Emphasis is placed on environmental news, regulations, accidents, and areas of controversy.
Emphasis is placed on environmental, behavioral and managerial aspects of Marketing.
Emphasis is placed on equation solving techniques in one or two variables.
Emphasis is placed on equipment and analyses commonly employed in environmental laboratory.
Emphasis is placed on equipment and analysis commonly employed in environmental laboratory.
Emphasis is placed on equipment connections, software loading, and troubleshooting.
Emphasis is placed on equipment operation in both studio and location situations.
Emphasis is placed on equipment, technology, and the development of a light plot.
Emphasis is placed on error analysis.
Emphasis is placed on error handling which is critical to a reliable wireless design.
Emphasis is placed on essay composition, research and research writing.
Emphasis is placed on establishing a personal style and creating a strong body of work.
Emphasis is placed on establishing constraints that correctly convey the design intent.
Emphasis is placed on establishing repeatability of the printing process by controlling variables.
Emphasis is placed on establishing the crop.
Emphasis is placed on estate planning.
Emphasis is placed on estimating infiltration, runoff, and routing parameters in ungaged areas.
Emphasis is placed on estimation and forecasting techniques.
Emphasis is placed on estimation and testing of hypothesis.
Emphasis is placed on ethical and legal considerations in addition to economic benefits.
Emphasis is placed on ethical and political problems facing women today.
Emphasis is placed on ethical and value dimensions, and on designing technologies.
Emphasis is placed on ethical aspects of decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on ethical, legal, professional, and political issues.
Emphasis is placed on ethics, diversity and teamwork.
Emphasis is placed on etiology, terminology, and symptom profiles.
Emphasis is placed on etymology of words.
Emphasis is placed on eukaryotic cellular structure, metabolism, and genetics.
Emphasis is placed on European chemistry education, but papers from all over the world are welcomed.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating daily patterns and making lifestyle changes.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating early childhood education as a career.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating integrals using numerical techniques.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating literature appropriate for early adolescent problems and interests.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating structures that can be classified as habitable or as warehouses.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating successful control integration rather than individual technique.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating the results obtained from such investigations.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating water resources from a multidisciplinary perspective.
Emphasis is placed on evaluating, fabricating, and training in the use of orthotic devices.
Emphasis is placed on evaluation and facilitation procedures.
Emphasis is placed on evaluation of compensatory damages for property loss and bodily injury.
Emphasis is placed on evaluation of plant growth regulators and factors affecting chemical efficacy.
Emphasis is placed on evaluation of school social work practice.
Emphasis is placed on evaluation of software and hardware available for desktop publishing.
Emphasis is placed on evaluation techniques and exercise prescription.
Emphasis is placed on evaluation techniques.
Emphasis is placed on everyday English in both spoken and written form.
Emphasis is placed on everyday life in the old west.
Emphasis is placed on everyday needs while traveling in a French-speaking environment.
Emphasis is placed on evidence from fossil remains and behavioral studies of living primates.
Emphasis is placed on evolving technologies and trends in business and industry.
Emphasis is placed on exactness and perfection of expression.
Emphasis is placed on examining both the commonalities and differences among the arts.
Emphasis is placed on examining employment opportunities and enhancing interview skills.
Emphasis is placed on examining legal institutions in their cultural context.
Emphasis is placed on examining the cognitive, physical, emotional and social growth of the child.
Emphasis is placed on examining the efficacy of Canadian practices in other countries.
Emphasis is placed on examining the possible misspecification of the equations.
Emphasis is placed on examining the relationship of economic, personal, and political freedom.
Emphasis is placed on excellence in education.
Emphasis is placed on excellence, initiative and leadership by example.
Emphasis is placed on executive leadership, organizational behavior, and management theory.
Emphasis is placed on executive, legal, and medical office procedures.
Emphasis is placed on exercises designed to promote skill acquisition.
Emphasis is placed on exer-cises that strengthen muscles in the hips, back, and neck.
Emphasis is placed on exercises to reduce the waist, abdomen, hips and thighs.
Emphasis is placed on exerting effective leadership as related to ethical behavior.
Emphasis is placed on expanded awareness of special populations and expressive techniques in art.
Emphasis is placed on expanded use of systems design methodology.
Emphasis is placed on expanding knowledge and competence in all areas of small animal medicine.
Emphasis is placed on expanding the repertoire of teaching skills.
Emphasis is placed on expanding vocabulary and improving speaking and listening skills.
Emphasis is placed on expeditionary experience and research participation.
Emphasis is placed on experiemental methodology and computer-assisted data acquisition.
Emphasis is placed on experiences that enhance the materials presented in the class.
Emphasis is placed on experiencing continuity of care of patients in an outpatient clinic setting.
Emphasis is placed on experiencing the natural setting.
Emphasis is placed on experiential learning throughout.
Emphasis is placed on experiential learning with many opportunities to apply classroom knowledge.
Emphasis is placed on experimental and statistical analysis of psychological phenomena.
Emphasis is placed on experimental approaches to answering questions in molecular neurobiology.
Emphasis is placed on experimental design and statistical analysis.
Emphasis is placed on experimental design to minimize experimental uncertainty.
Emphasis is placed on experimental design, product isolation, and product analysis.
Emphasis is placed on experimental methodology and computer-assisted data acquisition.
Emphasis is placed on experimental techniques.
Emphasis is placed on experimental validation of some feedback linearizing and adaptive controllers.
Emphasis is placed on experimental work using heavy-ion beams from national accelerator facilities.
Emphasis is placed on experimentation and observation as the basis for knowledge of chemistry.
Emphasis is placed on experimentation, problem solving, and working effectively with others.
Emphasis is placed on exploration and experimentation.
Emphasis is placed on exploration and manipulation of materials.
Emphasis is placed on exploration and tryout rather than specific job skills.
Emphasis is placed on exploration of various ways of spiritual expression.
Emphasis is placed on exploration, appreciation, creativity, expression, and enjoyment.
Emphasis is placed on exploration.
Emphasis is placed on exploring creativity, discovering interests, and developing new skills.
Emphasis is placed on exploring the creative uses of watercolor and developing professional skills.
Emphasis is placed on exploring the development of ideas and risk taking.
Emphasis is placed on export management and implementation of international marketing plans.
Emphasis is placed on exposition and persuasive essays.
Emphasis is placed on expressing specific marketing data through strong conceptual development.
Emphasis is placed on extemporaneous speaking and conversation dealing with modern topics.
Emphasis is placed on extemporaneous speaking and conversation.
Emphasis is placed on extemporaneous speech and conversation dealing with modern topics.
Emphasis is placed on extending invoices, quantity pricing, trade and cash discounts, and sales tax.
Emphasis is placed on extensive exploration in specific subject areas.
Emphasis is placed on extensive explorations in specific subject areas.
Emphasis is placed on extensive parallel reading, evaluative writing and research.
Emphasis is placed on extensive use of hand forged techniques.
Emphasis is placed on fabric selection, fit and techniques.
Emphasis is placed on fabric selection, fit, techniques.
Emphasis is placed on facilitating good construction practices through good detailing.
Emphasis is placed on facilitating health care delivery within multicultural and rural communities.
Emphasis is placed on facilitating of communication among the disciplines.
Emphasis is placed on facilitating social interaction.
Emphasis is placed on factors affecting and affected by symbolic exchanges in task groups.
Emphasis is placed on factors and causes that result in delinquent behavior.
Emphasis is placed on factors that differentiate multinational from domestic financial management.
Emphasis is placed on facts and principles pertinent for the student enrolled in pharmacy.
Emphasis is placed on fair play and sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on faith-oriented events and activities in the local churches and the community.
Emphasis is placed on familial relations, religion, socio-economics and international relations.
Emphasis is placed on familial structure.
Emphasis is placed on familiarity with keyboarding, disk operating systems, and tool software.
Emphasis is placed on familiarizing the children with Jewish customs and holidays.
Emphasis is placed on families - mum, dad and the kids.
Emphasis is placed on family albums.
Emphasis is placed on family involvement and an interdisciplinary approach to intervention.
Emphasis is placed on family organization, family members, and their roles.
Emphasis is placed on fashion trends and cycles, history of merchandising, and careers.
Emphasis is placed on fault tree analysis.
Emphasis is placed on features, form letters and memos from a variety of source copy.
Emphasis is placed on federal income tax responsibilities of large corporate businesses.
Emphasis is placed on federal law and South Carolina law.
Emphasis is placed on feeling and self-expression in the jazz and blues idiom.
Emphasis is placed on feeling part of nature and experiencing the changing seasons.
Emphasis is placed on fellowship, worship and prayer along with class projects.
Emphasis is placed on female gender roles, but male roles, work, and family are also discussed.
Emphasis is placed on fertilizer needs based on current use and desired level of appearance.
Emphasis is placed on fiction, writing, poetry, and sketches.
Emphasis is placed on field and laboratory techniques and quantitative methods.
Emphasis is placed on field and laboratory testing for quality control.
Emphasis is placed on field observations in the retail environment.
Emphasis is placed on field research with conservation applications.
Emphasis is placed on field studies and an extensive research project.
Emphasis is placed on field studies.
Emphasis is placed on field study providing both scientific and aesthetic experiences.
Emphasis is placed on field training through hands-on learning experiences.
Emphasis is placed on filling, rubbing, spraying, and building up finishes.
Emphasis is placed on fillings and finishing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on financial decision making.
Emphasis is placed on financial planning throughout the life span.
Emphasis is placed on financial planning, strategic planning, and managing human resources.
Emphasis is placed on financial policy, management, control, analysis, and decision making.
Emphasis is placed on financial statement preparation and disclosure.
Emphasis is placed on financial theory as it applied to the industrial management sector.
Emphasis is placed on financing business operations, production, distribution, and organization.
Emphasis is placed on finding and correcting types of errors people make while speaking and writing.
Emphasis is placed on finding and interpreting solutions.
Emphasis is placed on finding one's self along the continuum of development.
Emphasis is placed on finding the most appropriate solutions for each student's individual project.
Emphasis is placed on finding the objects described in the real sky.
Emphasis is placed on finite element analysis.
Emphasis is placed on finite-dimensional vector spaces, linear transformations and matrix algebra.
Emphasis is placed on first aid, activities of daily living, and ambulation.
Emphasis is placed on first quartile performance.
Emphasis is placed on first-hand observation, color theory, and basic design principles.
Emphasis is placed on fiscal and monetary policy.
Emphasis is placed on fishing with the use of artificial lures.
Emphasis is placed on fitting trial and prescribed lenses.
Emphasis is placed on fitting trial and proscribed lenses.
Emphasis is placed on flat work, dressage, show jumping and cross country jumping.
Emphasis is placed on flavor, character development and enjoyment.
Emphasis is placed on flexibility and strength conditioning.
Emphasis is placed on flexibility in both business and product development.
Emphasis is placed on flexible teaching techniques that ensure success for every student.
Emphasis is placed on flight planning.
Emphasis is placed on floor, barre, and center floor exercises.
Emphasis is placed on flowering trees as well.
Emphasis is placed on fluency , vocabulary resource and organization of composition.
Emphasis is placed on fluency in speaking, reading, and writing.
Emphasis is placed on fluency, speed and interpreting skills.
Emphasis is placed on food science, nutrition and food management skills.
Emphasis is placed on food selection and quality of nutrients in normal and therapeutic diets.
Emphasis is placed on forecasting, operational analysis, and database management.
Emphasis is placed on forensic pathology and the pathophysiology of natural and unnatural death.
Emphasis is placed on form to expose the wood grain.
Emphasis is placed on form, space, composition, line quality, gesture, contour and value.
Emphasis is placed on formal economic analysis.
Emphasis is placed on formal methods of design for the entire life cycle.
Emphasis is placed on formal student presentations and discussions of current literature.
Emphasis is placed on formatting, spelling, punctuation, and medical terminology and abbreviations.
Emphasis is placed on forming positive and enjoyable relationships with other children.
Emphasis is placed on forms completion.
Emphasis is placed on forms with which non-native speakers most often experience difficulty.
Emphasis is placed on formulas for material estimates.
Emphasis is placed on formulating and implementing international marketing plans.
Emphasis is placed on formulating editorial policy.
Emphasis is placed on formulation of models and applications.
Emphasis is placed on forward and flyback converters.
Emphasis is placed on fostering independence and self-direction for all students.
Emphasis is placed on fostering independence and self-direction in learning for all students.
Emphasis is placed on fostering independent living.
Emphasis is placed on fostering nurturing neighborhoods and strong educational programs.
Emphasis is placed on fostering personal expression and creativity.
Emphasis is placed on foundations and functions within the related industries.
Emphasis is placed on foundations in breath control and vocal freedom.
Emphasis is placed on four-part choral style writing.
Emphasis is placed on four-part harmonic dictation of modulating phrases.
Emphasis is placed on fresh plant material .
Emphasis is placed on front and back crawl strokes as well as elementary backstroke.
Emphasis is placed on front office procedures.
Emphasis is placed on full systems-thinking, management systems and green chemistry.
Emphasis is placed on full text databases.
Emphasis is placed on full-color illustration and the use of a wide variety of color mediums.
Emphasis is placed on function, biomechanics, and modeling.
Emphasis is placed on functional academic and life skills goals at all levels.
Emphasis is placed on functional development in the most natural setting.
Emphasis is placed on functional morphology of the major phyla.
Emphasis is placed on functional relationships of structures.
Emphasis is placed on functions for acceptable document formatting and processing.
Emphasis is placed on functions in both disciplines.
Emphasis is placed on functions of operations, systems and components, and repair information.
Emphasis is placed on functions, graphing, and identities.
Emphasis is placed on fund accounting as distinguished from profit-motive accounting.
Emphasis is placed on fundamental aspects of chemistry as they apply to health related fields.
Emphasis is placed on fundamental concepts and on how to analyze mechanical and structural systems.
Emphasis is placed on fundamental decorating techniques in making cakes and special occasion foods.
Emphasis is placed on fundamental learning and rehearsal discipline.
Emphasis is placed on fundamental principles and technology.
Emphasis is placed on fundamental principles and theories.
Emphasis is placed on fundamental principles.
Emphasis is placed on fundamental skills associated with various age groups.
Emphasis is placed on fundamentals and team play.
Emphasis is placed on fundamentals of forming, surface design, glaze application, and firing.
Emphasis is placed on fundamentals, and conventional methods of speed control of electric machines.
Emphasis is placed on fundamentals.
Emphasis is placed on funeral counseling.
Emphasis is placed on further development of listening, speaking reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on gaining a working understanding of the language and methods used.
Emphasis is placed on gaining clinical experience in providing service to the eyewear consumer.
Emphasis is placed on gaining clinical experience in providing service to the ophthalmic consumer.
Emphasis is placed on gaining competence in graduate-level statistics and research design.
Emphasis is placed on gaining counselling experience in a setting for substance abuse clients.
Emphasis is placed on gaining counselling experience in an appropriate setting.
Emphasis is placed on gaining facility in rendering and visualizing from life.
Emphasis is placed on gaining independence in care techniques and documentation.
Emphasis is placed on gaining practical experience in the use of media.
Emphasis is placed on gaining practical skill in the use of qualitative and quantitative research.
Emphasis is placed on gaining technical expertise.
Emphasis is placed on general engineering subjects mainly related to mechanical engineering.
Emphasis is placed on general mechanisms, therapeutic uses and toxicity of prototypic drugs.
Emphasis is placed on general methods of analysis applicable to any fluid.
Emphasis is placed on general patterns of reactivity and recurring themes for reaction mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on general pediatrics including child advocacy and preventive medicine.
Emphasis is placed on general principles and prototypical drugs.
Emphasis is placed on genetic and chromosomal aberrations and related abnormalities.
Emphasis is placed on genetic and other regulatory alterations leading to cell transformation.
Emphasis is placed on geographic problem solving, data collection, data analysis, and reporting.
Emphasis is placed on geography and the further development of social studies skills.
Emphasis is placed on geriatric nursing.
Emphasis is placed on German instruction at all levels.
Emphasis is placed on getting to know other skaters.
Emphasis is placed on global linkages and domestic consequences.
Emphasis is placed on gnathological concepts and their application.
Emphasis is placed on goal setting and developing life skills and self-esteem.
Emphasis is placed on good ensemble performance techniques with many solo opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on good keyboarding techniques and accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on good laboratory techniques and the theory involved.
Emphasis is placed on good media design and efficient algorithms for applets.
Emphasis is placed on good software engineering practices.
Emphasis is placed on good sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on good writing principles.
Emphasis is placed on grammar and pronunciation.
Emphasis is placed on grammar and syntax at the sentence level.
Emphasis is placed on grammar needed to reach command of reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on grammar, exercises and composition.
Emphasis is placed on grammar, punctuation, sentence structure, proofreading, and editing.
Emphasis is placed on grammar, syntax and peculiarities of the German language.
Emphasis is placed on graphic presentation of ideas and the creative process.
Emphasis is placed on graphical and networked environments.
Emphasis is placed on graphing and applications.
Emphasis is placed on graphing and solving different types of functions.
Emphasis is placed on Greek and Latin prefixes, roots, and suffixes, and how words are derived.
Emphasis is placed on grip, stance, and establishment of good techniques for attacks and parries.
Emphasis is placed on gross morphologic diagnosis.
Emphasis is placed on gross motor and psychological development.
Emphasis is placed on group building and living the Christian life.
Emphasis is placed on group decision making and conflict resolution.
Emphasis is placed on group development and behavior in performance.
Emphasis is placed on group evaluation and practice of practical concepts.
Emphasis is placed on group problem-solving and mutual support.
Emphasis is placed on group tour, convention and event coordination.
Emphasis is placed on group work and on the use of information technology.
Emphasis is placed on groups and teamwork.
Emphasis is placed on growing in understanding of the Christian faith.
Emphasis is placed on growth and development of children from five to twelve years of age.
Emphasis is placed on guiding students in interpreting criminal justice statistics and research.
Emphasis is placed on hand work, although machinery and machine joinery are covered.
Emphasis is placed on handling and observing a variety of animals.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on acquisition of basic computer competencies.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on activities to strengthen instructional skills.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on application of the technologies both inside and outside of class.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on experience with fossil and tool casts.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on experience with software.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on experience.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on experiences in various laboratories.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on experimentation using modern chemical instrumentation.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on lab experiences, science fair, and interactive computer work.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on learning and application.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on microcomputer exercises.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on outdoor activities, and inquiry learning.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on problem resolution.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on training to enhance the student's mechanical and diagnostic skills.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on vocational training within a production environment.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on work although readings are also required.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on work.
Emphasis is placed on hands-on, outdoor field experiences.
Emphasis is placed on having extra boat lines, especially for rental boats.
Emphasis is placed on having fun and developing an appreciation of the game.
Emphasis is placed on having the child engage in gradual exposure to the feared object or event.
Emphasis is placed on health and hygienic practices for the nurse and patient.
Emphasis is placed on health and safety within the workplace.
Emphasis is placed on health assesment, health assurance, and policy development.
Emphasis is placed on health promotion and disease prevention.
Emphasis is placed on health promotion and preventive care across the life-span.
Emphasis is placed on health promotion and preventive care across the lifespan.
Emphasis is placed on health promotion interventions and primary prevention measures.
Emphasis is placed on health promotion, wellness, and advocacy.
Emphasis is placed on health restoration, health maintenance, and prevention of illness.
Emphasis is placed on health-related physical fitness and current wellness issues.
Emphasis is placed on healthy living, health promotion, and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on heat, light, and sound.
Emphasis is placed on heavily litigated issues such as the dual purpose and going and coming rules.
Emphasis is placed on Hebrew-based applications and English software with Hebrew character support.
Emphasis is placed on helping adults achieve rehabilitation.
Emphasis is placed on helping employees adapt to technological change.
Emphasis is placed on helping everyone get acquainted with others while having a good time.
Emphasis is placed on helping parents revive their respect for themselves and their families.
Emphasis is placed on helping staff learn how to use data to improve their programs.
Emphasis is placed on helping students develop and maintain a positive Jewish identity.
Emphasis is placed on helping students develop the skills needed to be information literate.
Emphasis is placed on helping students improve quantitative skills.
Emphasis is placed on helping students start their educational career on the right path to success.
Emphasis is placed on helping the elderly cope with chronic disease.
Emphasis is placed on helping the police officer deal with the special needs of veteran patients.
Emphasis is placed on helping the student become a professional physical educator.
Emphasis is placed on helping the student visualize the developing organism in three dimensions.
Emphasis is placed on high academic standards and strict code of conduct.
Emphasis is placed on high level thinking and creativity.
Emphasis is placed on high levels of initiative and minimal supervision.
Emphasis is placed on high standards of personal discipline, integrity, appearance, and conduct.
Emphasis is placed on high standards, accountability, and local control.
Emphasis is placed on higher order thinking skills and problem solving strategies.
Emphasis is placed on highly automatic, but human centred, decision making and control.
Emphasis is placed on high-quality production work from design to performance.
Emphasis is placed on high-quality stories, poems, and nonfiction.
Emphasis is placed on high-quality work and good craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on high-quality, effective teaching.
Emphasis is placed on hiking, however, any website with an outdoor theme is welcome.
Emphasis is placed on historical development of genetics and evolution.
Emphasis is placed on historical development of North America.
Emphasis is placed on historical development of political philosophy.
Emphasis is placed on historical methods and the interpretation of ancient evidence.
Emphasis is placed on historical origins, political and economic developments.
Emphasis is placed on historical research and writing.
Emphasis is placed on history and geography.
Emphasis is placed on home strengthening and prehurricane planning.
Emphasis is placed on homeostasis and functional anatomy of each organ system.
Emphasis is placed on homeostatic regulatory mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on horticulture and landscape education, demonstration and beautification.
Emphasis is placed on Housekeeping, maintenance and laundry procedures.
Emphasis is placed on how alcohol and other drug dependencies affect the family.
Emphasis is placed on how and where to find information from books and other media.
Emphasis is placed on how basic standards and procedures relate to the accounting system as a whole.
Emphasis is placed on how businesses acquire capital in our institutional and market environment.
Emphasis is placed on how class and ethnic relations have developed through time.
Emphasis is placed on how computers actually work and their impact on society.
Emphasis is placed on how computers are used in business and industry.
Emphasis is placed on how cultures relate to law enforcement.
Emphasis is placed on how effective and efficient distribution networks can be developed.
Emphasis is placed on how employees fit into the business process.
Emphasis is placed on how examples can be integrated into basic chemistry and biochemistry courses.
Emphasis is placed on how genes function in their biological context.
Emphasis is placed on how investment banks build relationships and solve problems for investors.
Emphasis is placed on how marketing strategies target customer needs and wants.
Emphasis is placed on how people solve problems, reason, remember, and learn.
Emphasis is placed on how personal adjustment to disability influences the rehabilitation process.
Emphasis is placed on how physicists understand and solve problems.
Emphasis is placed on how process leads to the genesis of landforms.
Emphasis is placed on how the Internet meets the needs of educators.
Emphasis is placed on how the law works in actual situations and how it can be made to work.
Emphasis is placed on how the location of a lesion or disease process can affect behavior.
Emphasis is placed on how the various pathologies can be recognized by the chiropractor.
Emphasis is placed on how to actively listen and speak to the patient.
Emphasis is placed on how to automate document production and litigation support systems.
Emphasis is placed on how to avoid dangerous situations, and shares basic self-defense techniques.
Emphasis is placed on how to control the messages sent by the work.
Emphasis is placed on how to create an effective multimedia presentation.
Emphasis is placed on how to foster a motivating work environment.
Emphasis is placed on how to interpret media presentations through inferences and conclusions.
Emphasis is placed on how to maintain employment as well as career advancement.
Emphasis is placed on how to perform algebraic processes and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on how to plan and adapt to the new office environment.
Emphasis is placed on how to plan, compose, and revise effective business letters.
Emphasis is placed on how to prepare students for a productive visit.
Emphasis is placed on how to segment the market and the bases for selecting specific target niches.
Emphasis is placed on how to solve complex marketing problems through visual communication.
Emphasis is placed on how to think beyond the current conflict.
Emphasis is placed on how to train, fight and lead.
Emphasis is placed on how to write and measure goals related to child-outcomes.
Emphasis is placed on how well the students complete the entire design process.
Emphasis is placed on human artistic intuition and artistic taste.
Emphasis is placed on human biology.
Emphasis is placed on human ecology and contacts between cultures.
Emphasis is placed on human ecology as a major design determinant in creating healthy environments.
Emphasis is placed on human genetics and the genetics of organisms that are important to mankind.
Emphasis is placed on human growth and development through the life span.
Emphasis is placed on human networks.
Emphasis is placed on human physiology, reproduction, and the population dynamics.
Emphasis is placed on hygiene, language, money, time, math and fine and gross motor skills.
Emphasis is placed on idea development and investigating a wide range of forms and materials.
Emphasis is placed on ideal ratio between calcium and magnesium.
Emphasis is placed on identifiable weaknesses.
Emphasis is placed on identification and biology of individual taxa.
Emphasis is placed on identification of colors, shapes, numbers and the alphabet.
Emphasis is placed on identification of commonly used drugs and pharmacokinetics.
Emphasis is placed on identification of products, weights, and measures.
Emphasis is placed on identification of specific furniture styles and architectural features.
Emphasis is placed on identification, use, color, height, and season of bloom.
Emphasis is placed on identifying an American tradition.
Emphasis is placed on identifying and amending ineffective communication within organizations.
Emphasis is placed on identifying and developing each participant s natural communication style .
Emphasis is placed on identifying and dymamically modeling risk.
Emphasis is placed on identifying basic aspects of cognitive development and how children learn.
Emphasis is placed on identifying customers, service standards and markets.
Emphasis is placed on identifying the dominant factors which control texture.
Emphasis is placed on identifying the most efficient modes in relation to particular needs.
Emphasis is placed on identifying the policies that enhance life cycle management.
Emphasis is placed on identifying the policies that enhance lifecycle management.
Emphasis is placed on identifying the various forms and functions of retail merchandising.
Emphasis is placed on ideology, education, military service, and community involvement.
Emphasis is placed on idiomatic expression.
Emphasis is placed on ignition, fuel, and emission systems.
Emphasis is placed on imagination and self-expression.
Emphasis is placed on immigration issues involving the U.S. and Mexico.
Emphasis is placed on implementation of an effective literature program in the elementary grades.
Emphasis is placed on implementation of image operations.
Emphasis is placed on implementing and evaluating data structures for practical situations.
Emphasis is placed on implications for biotechnolgy as a career option.
Emphasis is placed on implications for teaching and learning.
Emphasis is placed on implications for the potential classroom teacher.
Emphasis is placed on implications for U.S. agribusiness working abroad.
Emphasis is placed on important role of promotion and advertising within the marketing context.
Emphasis is placed on improved decision making based on integrated management and marketing systems.
Emphasis is placed on improvements that defer maintenance and increase energy efficiency.
Emphasis is placed on improving accuracy and fluency in communication.
Emphasis is placed on improving balance, eye-hand coordination, confidence and basic skills.
Emphasis is placed on improving basic reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on improving comprehension, rate, vocabulary, and reading skills.
Emphasis is placed on improving listening comprehension, pronunciation, and fluency.
Emphasis is placed on improving livelihood in rural areas on a sustainable basis, ie.
Emphasis is placed on improving operational effectiveness to gain competitive advantage.
Emphasis is placed on improving oral presentation skills.
Emphasis is placed on improving overall cardiovascular efficiency and acquiring survival skills.
Emphasis is placed on improving performance for each individual, based on the challenge selected.
Emphasis is placed on improving problem solving skills and increasing the student's knowledge base.
Emphasis is placed on improving reading skills through Sustained Silent Reading.
Emphasis is placed on improving skills in musicianship.
Emphasis is placed on improving speech and language skills.
Emphasis is placed on improving technical skills and musicianship.
Emphasis is placed on improving techniques of the physical examination and diagnostic skills.
Emphasis is placed on improving the crawl stroke, the sidestroke, and the breaststroke.
Emphasis is placed on improving the knowledge and skills of future or practicing managers.
Emphasis is placed on improving the overhand crawl stroke with rotary breathing.
Emphasis is placed on improving the quality of life for individuals.
Emphasis is placed on improving the skills and techniques of dental hygiene practice.
Emphasis is placed on improving the teaching skills of all fellows.
Emphasis is placed on improving vocabulary and spelling as well as reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on improving writing, speech, and vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on improvisation and development of movement phases.
Emphasis is placed on in depth analysis of the chosen area of study.
Emphasis is placed on in-class activities.
Emphasis is placed on including students in regular programs.
Emphasis is placed on incorporating research into classroom teaching.
Emphasis is placed on incrased proficiency and business application skills.
Emphasis is placed on increased communication proficiency, writing and reading of spanish.
Emphasis is placed on increased technical strength and vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on increased understanding of literature through the medium of oral performance.
Emphasis is placed on increasing cardiovascular efficiency through aquatic exercise.
Emphasis is placed on increasing confidence and enjoyment.
Emphasis is placed on increasing knowledge in an area of interest to the student.
Emphasis is placed on increasing proficiency in laboratory skills used in the medical setting.
Emphasis is placed on increasing revenue production through multiple utilization.
Emphasis is placed on increasing self worth, self esteem and family values.
Emphasis is placed on increasing students self insight and understanding.
Emphasis is placed on increasing students' self insight and understanding.
Emphasis is placed on increasing surgical experience and management of orthopaedic problems.
Emphasis is placed on independent inquiry and self-directed initiative.
Emphasis is placed on independent practice of techniques used in a medical transcription setting.
Emphasis is placed on independent reading, seminar participation and regular consultation.
Emphasis is placed on independent research culminating in the preparation of a doctoral thesis.
Emphasis is placed on independent scholarship and individualized direction.
Emphasis is placed on independent study and use of the microscope in the laboratory.
Emphasis is placed on independent study of current publications approved by the instructor.
Emphasis is placed on independent study.
Emphasis is placed on independent work with direction from the education supervisor.
Emphasis is placed on independent work, class discussion, and the student project.
Emphasis is placed on independent work, creativity, and ability to work with children.
Emphasis is placed on independent, constructive thinking during problem-solving analysis.
Emphasis is placed on indications, patient preparation, proper sample processing and handling.
Emphasis is placed on individual accountability, common goals, and recognition of group success.
Emphasis is placed on individual accountability, common goals, and recognition of team success.
Emphasis is placed on individual and collaborative class projects undertaken in the field.
Emphasis is placed on individual and interpersonal behavior in a work setting.
Emphasis is placed on individual and interpersonal processes in organizations.
Emphasis is placed on individual and team skills.
Emphasis is placed on individual as well as team skills and concepts.
Emphasis is placed on individual competence necessary for more difficult music.
Emphasis is placed on individual competition between employees, particularly within marketing areas.
Emphasis is placed on individual concept and design.
Emphasis is placed on individual experimentation and development.
Emphasis is placed on individual growth and development.
Emphasis is placed on individual instruction.
Emphasis is placed on individual interpretation and exploration of the assigned projects.
Emphasis is placed on individual interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on individual needs and developing appropriate plans for each consumer.
Emphasis is placed on individual oral practice with a native speaker.
Emphasis is placed on individual participation and group exercises.
Emphasis is placed on individual portfolio development.
Emphasis is placed on individual practice of leadership principles.
Emphasis is placed on individual preparation, foreign cookery, candy and pastry cooking.
Emphasis is placed on individual program planning, tutoring, arranged counseling, and testing.
Emphasis is placed on individual projects and exploration within the techniques covered.
Emphasis is placed on individual projects designed to meet the needs and interest of the student.
Emphasis is placed on individual projects involving musical applications of digital equipment.
Emphasis is placed on individual projects.
Emphasis is placed on individual resident's needs in recovery and recovery plans are holistic.
Emphasis is placed on individual responsibility and on the protection of individual rights.
Emphasis is placed on individual responsibility, as well as family and community involvement.
Emphasis is placed on individual skill development in a team setting.
Emphasis is placed on individual skill development.
Emphasis is placed on individual student needs to improve or expand skills.
Emphasis is placed on individual style and technique.
Emphasis is placed on individual style, but imitation of selected works are encouraged.
Emphasis is placed on individual techniques, team play and sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on individual threoretical development.
Emphasis is placed on individual work and completion of assigned homework.
Emphasis is placed on individual, group and multi-disciplinary projects throughout the course.
Emphasis is placed on individual, group and multi-disciplinary projects throughout the three years.
Emphasis is placed on individuality for supports, services, housing options and employment.
Emphasis is placed on individualized assignments.
Emphasis is placed on individualized counseling.
Emphasis is placed on individualized design.
Emphasis is placed on individualized diagnostic and prescriptive drills.
Emphasis is placed on individualized hands-on training in a salon setting.
Emphasis is placed on individualized instruction and supervised occupational experience programs.
Emphasis is placed on individualized instruction.
Emphasis is placed on individualized methods and materials in teaching mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on individualized thinking and reacting to situation activities.
Emphasis is placed on individualized training and support.
Emphasis is placed on individualized, self-paced instruction and creative experimentation.
Emphasis is placed on individualizing curriculum and classroom management.
Emphasis is placed on individuals, families, and groups.
Emphasis is placed on individuals, families, and small groups.
Emphasis is placed on industrial concentration as the foundation for market power.
Emphasis is placed on industrial wiring methods and materials.
Emphasis is placed on industry diagnostic and rebuilding standards.
Emphasis is placed on inert barriers, biological control, alternative chemicals, and bait systems.
Emphasis is placed on infection control and maintaining dental equipment and sterilizers.
Emphasis is placed on infections of animals.
Emphasis is placed on informal learning, relaxing and laughing, and building empathy between groups.
Emphasis is placed on information gathering, synthesizing, and problem-solving.
Emphasis is placed on information relating to dogs and cats.
Emphasis is placed on informing and persuading audiences.
Emphasis is placed on initial commissioned service and military justice.
Emphasis is placed on initial skills and the history of sign language.
Emphasis is placed on initiatives that can be readily implemented at the local level.
Emphasis is placed on injury prevention around the home and in play areas.
Emphasis is placed on innovation, creativity and the accompanying description of physics principles.
Emphasis is placed on innovative engineering solutions to a broad spectrum of clients' needs.
Emphasis is placed on in-service learning through internship experiences.
Emphasis is placed on inspection and air worthiness of welded aircraft structures.
Emphasis is placed on inspection, gaging, and the utilization of machine tools.
Emphasis is placed on installation of home and business security and fire alarm systems.
Emphasis is placed on installation, configuration, administration and troubleshooting of LANs.
Emphasis is placed on installation, configuration, and administration of LANs.
Emphasis is placed on installation,configuration, and administration of LANs.
Emphasis is placed on installing and troubleshooting applications software.
Emphasis is placed on installing and troubleshooting server and client software.
Emphasis is placed on institutions without research facilities.
Emphasis is placed on instructing family members in the stimulation protocols.
Emphasis is placed on instruction of physical activities for the exceptional child.
Emphasis is placed on instructional adaptations and research-based methodologies.
Emphasis is placed on instructional assessment as it relates to classroom management procedures.
Emphasis is placed on instructional systems design and on the use of technology in instruction.
Emphasis is placed on instructional techniques applicable to teaching students at all levels.
Emphasis is placed on instructional techniques specific to occupational education.
Emphasis is placed on instructor responsibilities and liabilities in an instructional environment.
Emphasis is placed on instrument failures and their interaction with process down-time.
Emphasis is placed on instrument use and note-keeping techniques.
Emphasis is placed on instrumental performance.
Emphasis is placed on instrumntal techniques used for environmental and clinical applications.
Emphasis is placed on integrated crop management and crop ecosystems.
Emphasis is placed on integrated instructional planning and child management strategies.
Emphasis is placed on integrated multi-step organic synthesis.
Emphasis is placed on integrated pest management projects.
Emphasis is placed on integrating and utilizing new drug therapy knowledge in professional practice.
Emphasis is placed on integrating classroom learning with related work experience.
Emphasis is placed on integrating classroom learning with related work experiences.
Emphasis is placed on integrating course work into a historical perspective.
Emphasis is placed on integrating new media throughout the concentration's curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on integrating skills acquisition with performance opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on integrating skills acquisition with performing opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on integrating sound theory with useful practical applications.
Emphasis is placed on integrating the components of the nursing health assessment.
Emphasis is placed on integrating the language arts.
Emphasis is placed on integrating theory and professional practice.
Emphasis is placed on integrating writing, science, social studies and math with literacy.
Emphasis is placed on integration and control mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on integration of knowledge and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on integration of the topics covered.
Emphasis is placed on integration of theory, research and the practice of clinical supervision.
Emphasis is placed on intellectual achievement as well as personal and moral development.
Emphasis is placed on intense musical performance training with national and state educators.
Emphasis is placed on intense training, mental preparation and more advanced race strategy.
Emphasis is placed on intensive interpretation of topographic maps and aerial photographs.
Emphasis is placed on intensive phonics instruction that is highly sequenced.
Emphasis is placed on intensive viticulture.
Emphasis is placed on interaction and interdependence of a global society.
Emphasis is placed on interactions between individuals in natural populations behavioral ecology.
Emphasis is placed on interactive delivery platforms as well as professional production techniques.
Emphasis is placed on interdisciplinary problem solving methods.
Emphasis is placed on interdisciplinary treatment planning and differential diagnosis.
Emphasis is placed on interfaces for multimedia and hypermedia products.
Emphasis is placed on interior walls, ceilings, an floors.
Emphasis is placed on intermediate and advanced skills and strategies.
Emphasis is placed on intermediate and advanced skills, techniques, and strategies for the activity.
Emphasis is placed on intermediate and advanced skills, techniques, and strategies.
Emphasis is placed on internal accounting procedures and generally accepted accounting principles.
Emphasis is placed on internalizing the language and practical usage.
Emphasis is placed on international business issues in European markets.
Emphasis is placed on international conflict management and resolution.
Emphasis is placed on international filing rules.
Emphasis is placed on Internet research techniques and report creation from online sources.
Emphasis is placed on internet, technology and hands-on activities.
Emphasis is placed on interpersonal communication, time management and stress management.
Emphasis is placed on interpersonal relationships and communications skills.
Emphasis is placed on interpersonal relationships, communications, and community development.
Emphasis is placed on interpretation and presentation of results.
Emphasis is placed on interpretation of applied research.
Emphasis is placed on interpretation of lines, notes, welding symbols, and specifications.
Emphasis is placed on interpreting blueprint language and other pertinent data.
Emphasis is placed on interpreting English texts into equivalent ASL texts.
Emphasis is placed on interrelationships among organ systems in deviations from homeostasis.
Emphasis is placed on intervention strategies and treatment principles.
Emphasis is placed on intraoperative teaching.
Emphasis is placed on intravenous preparations, total parenteral nutrition, and chemotherapy.
Emphasis is placed on introduction to problem-solving and the nursing process.
Emphasis is placed on invasive and non-invasive treatment.
Emphasis is placed on invasive and therapeutic procedures performed in Radiography.
Emphasis is placed on investigating and designing an effective facility layout.
Emphasis is placed on investigation of research problems and the understanding of research design.
Emphasis is placed on investigations in the field of anatomic pathology.
Emphasis is placed on in-vivo services provided in the natural environment.
Emphasis is placed on issues affecting administrators, fans, athletes and coaches.
Emphasis is placed on issues involving the preparation and use of financial accounting information.
Emphasis is placed on issues of authority, responsibility, leadership, and followership.
Emphasis is placed on issues of literary history.
Emphasis is placed on issues of sampling, questionnaire design, and analysis.
Emphasis is placed on issues related to continuum of care.
Emphasis is placed on issues related to the acute care setting.
Emphasis is placed on issues relating to wetlands conservation and management.
Emphasis is placed on issues that affect the athlete, coach, administrator, and sports fan.
Emphasis is placed on issues that are important to the individual and the family.
Emphasis is placed on issues which affect the athlete, coach, administrator, and sports fan.
Emphasis is placed on issues which affect the athlete, coach, administrator, and the sports fan.
Emphasis is placed on Japanese technology and practices.
Emphasis is placed on job creation for people of low and moderate income.
Emphasis is placed on job hunting and selection techniques.
Emphasis is placed on job keeping skills that reinforce a positive work ethic and attitude.
Emphasis is placed on job placement activities, remedial education and vocational training.
Emphasis is placed on job readiness and career development.
Emphasis is placed on job simulations to improve production speed and accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on job training and rewarding work.
Emphasis is placed on journal work, reflection and issues inherent in organisational consulting.
Emphasis is placed on jumping straight first, and then piking onto the bar late.
Emphasis is placed on key scientific and technical issues in modeling aggregate exposure.
Emphasis is placed on key stroking speed and accuracy with minimum time spent on formatting.
Emphasis is placed on keyboarding for personal use.
Emphasis is placed on keyboarding, records management, accounting, and office procedures.
Emphasis is placed on kinematic and kinetic concepts.
Emphasis is placed on knowing the options and exercising individual choice.
Emphasis is placed on knowledge and database systems.
Emphasis is placed on knowledge and skills development.
Emphasis is placed on knowledge and techniques required to process radiographic film.
Emphasis is placed on knowledge of computer, statistical, and other quantitative methods.
Emphasis is placed on knowledge of computer,statistical, and other quantitative methods.
Emphasis is placed on knowledge of the teaching and testing of the specific reading skills.
Emphasis is placed on knowledge, dispositions, and performances of strategic leadership.
Emphasis is placed on lab analysis of materials collected in the field.
Emphasis is placed on lab work and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory and field experience.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory experience in the performing arts.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory experiences and case study analyses.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory experiences requiring manipulation of tools, data, and macros.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory methods both gravimetric and volumetric.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory methods, with the appropriate statistical analysis of the data.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory procedures.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory skills routinely performed in a physician's office.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory technique and data reporting.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory technique, data reduction, and error analysis.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory technique, error analysis, and preparation of laboratory reports.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory techniques involving cells and tissue in sterile culture.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory work and concept development.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory work using the computer in solving mathematical problems.
Emphasis is placed on laboratory work.
Emphasis is placed on land management agencies and strategies used by resource managers.
Emphasis is placed on land use and transportation concepts.
Emphasis is placed on land, water, air, and space vehicles and transportation systems.
Emphasis is placed on language and grammar skills as well as styles, techniques and formats.
Emphasis is placed on language development and the parent-child relationship.
Emphasis is placed on language expression.
Emphasis is placed on language, diction, choral singing techniques, and musical nuance.
Emphasis is placed on large, high-speed networks.
Emphasis is placed on lead placement, artifact, and machine operation.
Emphasis is placed on leadership for private practice, hospital, or academic careers.
Emphasis is placed on leadership in student organizations.
Emphasis is placed on leadership skills, change management, and strategic management of technology.
Emphasis is placed on leadership through example, involvement and team work.
Emphasis is placed on leadership training for private practice, hospital, or academic careers.
Emphasis is placed on leadership training.
Emphasis is placed on leadership, decision-making, and conflict management.
Emphasis is placed on leadership, patient care management systems and ethicolegal issues.
Emphasis is placed on leadership, research, and community.
Emphasis is placed on leadership, teamwork, the safety plan and safety procedures.
Emphasis is placed on leading, following, basic technique, and posture.
Emphasis is placed on learning acceptable levels of chemicals in different types of water.
Emphasis is placed on learning and growing through new insights and awareness.
Emphasis is placed on learning and on the development of the whole person.
Emphasis is placed on learning and participation.
Emphasis is placed on learning and utilizing a good marketing vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on learning as a life-long process and the worth of each individual.
Emphasis is placed on learning basic math facts and problem solving strategies.
Emphasis is placed on learning basic techniques to create clean professional work.
Emphasis is placed on learning breathing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on learning by doing and on leadership.
Emphasis is placed on learning by doing.
Emphasis is placed on learning by involvement.
Emphasis is placed on learning by sharing ideas and experiences.
Emphasis is placed on learning effective skills to reduce harmful effects of stress.
Emphasis is placed on learning fundamentals with several games played daily.
Emphasis is placed on learning habits for lifelong health and fitness.
Emphasis is placed on learning how to characterize, model, and control robotic manipulators.
Emphasis is placed on learning how to read, understand and apply the legislation itself.
Emphasis is placed on learning how to speak and understand.
Emphasis is placed on learning how to use the basic processes in science learning situations.
Emphasis is placed on learning in a supportive environment.
Emphasis is placed on learning problems attributed to brain dysfunction.
Emphasis is placed on learning relapse prevention skills.
Emphasis is placed on learning rules, skills, and sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on learning self-sufficiency and helping others.
Emphasis is placed on learning specific study skills techniques and learning how to learn.
Emphasis is placed on learning techniques such as self-instruction and error analysis.
Emphasis is placed on learning the basic repair methods stressing quality of repair.
Emphasis is placed on learning the basics of space flight.
Emphasis is placed on learning the components and types of blood.
Emphasis is placed on learning the front and back floats.
Emphasis is placed on learning the fundamentals of the games, and practice.
Emphasis is placed on learning the fundamentals of the language.
Emphasis is placed on learning the herb and point names as well as important Oriental medical terms.
Emphasis is placed on learning the keyboard reaches and developing speed and accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on learning the language and methodology of chemistry as it relates to society.
Emphasis is placed on learning the skills and strategies that enhance comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on learning the skills and strategies which enhance comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on learning the structure and function of daily note writing.
Emphasis is placed on learning the theory and practice of clinical biochemistry.
Emphasis is placed on learning the tools that the software provides for the professional artist.
Emphasis is placed on learning through a mentoring experience.
Emphasis is placed on learning through critical study.
Emphasis is placed on learning through experience.
Emphasis is placed on learning through guided projects and portfolio development.
Emphasis is placed on learning to canter.
Emphasis is placed on learning to coach and mentor employees to ensure individual development.
Emphasis is placed on learning to create a perfect fitting pant.
Emphasis is placed on learning to identify, locate, and use basic library resources.
Emphasis is placed on learning to listen and follow directions.
Emphasis is placed on learning to make decisions regarding color schemes and design applications.
Emphasis is placed on learning to read for comprehension and pleasure.
Emphasis is placed on learning to read music as well as proper ringing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on learning to read the language.
Emphasis is placed on learning to think mathematically and upon developing mathematical maturity.
Emphasis is placed on learning to work in the automated office.
Emphasis is placed on learning touch-typing.
Emphasis is placed on learning vocabulary, verbs, grammar and culture.
Emphasis is placed on learnng the language rudiments necessary for reading ancient Hebrew texts.
Emphasis is placed on lecture, discussion, laboratory, research, and current events.
Emphasis is placed on lecture, discussion, research, current events, and laboratory work.
Emphasis is placed on legal ethics and professionalism throughout the program.
Emphasis is placed on legal issues and links both for and against are provided.
Emphasis is placed on legal research and writing.
Emphasis is placed on legal responsibilities of health professionals in cases of abuse.
Emphasis is placed on legal terms, courtroom procedures and cooperative learning.
Emphasis is placed on legibility and communicative aspects of typography.
Emphasis is placed on levels of prevention.
Emphasis is placed on liaison work in addition to consultation.
Emphasis is placed on life course transitions and family systems.
Emphasis is placed on life cycle management procedures.
Emphasis is placed on life cycles, host-parasite relationships, and medical concerns of parasitism.
Emphasis is placed on life skills, personal life management and also contains an academic component.
Emphasis is placed on lifelong learning as well as on the use of new information technologies.
Emphasis is placed on life-saving skills and a systematic clinical approach.
Emphasis is placed on life-saving steps and care of wounds and broken bones.
Emphasis is placed on lifestyle approaches and on the medical management of risk factors.
Emphasis is placed on lifestyle change and personal responsibility in improving wellness.
Emphasis is placed on lifetime activities and games.
Emphasis is placed on lifetime sports and fitness-wellness instruction.
Emphasis is placed on light selection, control, metering, and the selection of film types.
Emphasis is placed on lighting techniques, color concepts, electrical theory, and safety.
Emphasis is placed on lighting, subject treatment, and camera manipulation.
Emphasis is placed on limits, continuity, derivatives, and integrals of elementary functions.
Emphasis is placed on line drawings with pen and ink.
Emphasis is placed on linear programming models.
Emphasis is placed on linguistic and ethnic diversity in contemporary American society.
Emphasis is placed on linkages among the individual, family, and social environments.
Emphasis is placed on linoleum cut, woodblock, and silkscreen techniques.
Emphasis is placed on listening and speaking.
Emphasis is placed on listening comprehension, grammar, and reading comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on listening to examples of the music studied.
Emphasis is placed on listening to major jazz masters.
Emphasis is placed on listening to the music rather than on technical details of structure and form.
Emphasis is placed on listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Emphasis is placed on listening.
Emphasis is placed on literacy in the inclusive classroom.
Emphasis is placed on literary analysis as well as personal and expository writing.
Emphasis is placed on literary and cultural trends of selected texts.
Emphasis is placed on literary terminology, devices, structure, and interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on literary value as well as theology.
Emphasis is placed on literary, historical, and theological matters.
Emphasis is placed on literature focusing on eastern hardwood forests.
Emphasis is placed on literature, composition, foreign languages, science and mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on liturgical language, background, terminology and relevance to the present.
Emphasis is placed on living organisms and their adaptations to life in the oceans.
Emphasis is placed on living organisms of the sea and their marine environment.
Emphasis is placed on living specimens in the field and laboratory.
Emphasis is placed on local and regional geology.
Emphasis is placed on local area network technologies.
Emphasis is placed on local, state and federal practices.
Emphasis is placed on locating and repairing faults in typical equipment.
Emphasis is placed on location of economic activities and related theories.
Emphasis is placed on location, retail credit, merchandise planning and sales promotion.
Emphasis is placed on logical thinking and efficient, logical program development.
Emphasis is placed on logical thought to reinforce communicative skills.
Emphasis is placed on long-term academic improvement and occupational training.
Emphasis is placed on long-term athletic and personal development.
Emphasis is placed on long-term care, home care, and community programming.
Emphasis is placed on low cost systems and user friendly operation.
Emphasis is placed on low cost tooling and simple processing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on low fat, wholesome foods.
Emphasis is placed on low frequency applications and troubleshooting.
Emphasis is placed on machine setting wire, weld joints, and position.
Emphasis is placed on magazine and newspaper photographs.
Emphasis is placed on mainstream programs experiencing substantial success in the market place.
Emphasis is placed on maintainability and ease of use.
Emphasis is placed on maintaining a consistent patient-physician relationship.
Emphasis is placed on maintaining and improving health.
Emphasis is placed on maintaining image quality and reducing download time.
Emphasis is placed on maintaining or improving residents' balance, strength, and mobility.
Emphasis is placed on maintaining oral fluency while introducing readings rich in cultural content.
Emphasis is placed on maintaining, increasing or decreasing environmental stimuli.
Emphasis is placed on maintenance, repair, safety, and special tools.
Emphasis is placed on major authors.
Emphasis is placed on major crop plant species.
Emphasis is placed on major events, individuals, and developments in historical theology.
Emphasis is placed on major historical themes and their global impact.
Emphasis is placed on major policy questions which confront national and local governments.
Emphasis is placed on making an effective transition into the roles of the practicing nurse.
Emphasis is placed on making connections in algebra to arithmetic, geometry, and statisitcs.
Emphasis is placed on making connections in algebra to arithmetic, geometry, and statistics.
Emphasis is placed on making courses as easy to attend as possible.
Emphasis is placed on making decisions about scientific issues.
Emphasis is placed on making decisions and resolving conflict in groups.
Emphasis is placed on making efficient use of limited resources.
Emphasis is placed on making foods look attractive and eye appealing.
Emphasis is placed on making healthy choices and setting boundaries.
Emphasis is placed on making healthy choices.
Emphasis is placed on making improved health-related decisions when confronted by substance use.
Emphasis is placed on making informed business decisions based on quantifiable data.
Emphasis is placed on making items from scratch.
Emphasis is placed on making mathematics meaningful.
Emphasis is placed on making the experience fun and enjoyable.
Emphasis is placed on making the maximum amount of data easily accessible to users.
Emphasis is placed on making the practice of law more fulfilling and rewarding.
Emphasis is placed on making unobtrusive repairs.
Emphasis is placed on malformations and diseases affecting the oral-facial complex.
Emphasis is placed on management and support measures in situations which are life-threatening.
Emphasis is placed on management of ongoing needs.
Emphasis is placed on management styles, behaviour, leadership, problem solving and decision making.
Emphasis is placed on management techniques of information systems development and design tools.
Emphasis is placed on management, politics and policies in the workplace.
Emphasis is placed on managerial accounting techniques.
Emphasis is placed on managerial applications and the use of a computer-based forecasting package.
Emphasis is placed on managerial aspects of commercial banking.
Emphasis is placed on managerial aspects of computer systems.
Emphasis is placed on managerial problem-solving techniques and the analysis of the results.
Emphasis is placed on managing media relations during times of crisis.
Emphasis is placed on managing professionals and personal careers.
Emphasis is placed on managing resources such as money, time, and equipment.
Emphasis is placed on managing technology, quality, materials, and people.
Emphasis is placed on manipulation of machine hardware and external devices.
Emphasis is placed on manual and automatic transmissions, transaxles, and final drive components.
Emphasis is placed on manual drafting skills.
Emphasis is placed on manufacturers data sheets and specifications.
Emphasis is placed on manufacturer's diagnostic charts and diagnostic equipment.
Emphasis is placed on manufacturing materials, heat-treating processes, and manufacturing processes.
Emphasis is placed on map analysis and application of spatial analysis.
Emphasis is placed on marine vascular plants, benthic and pelagic inshore macro-fauna and flora.
Emphasis is placed on marine vascular plants, benthic andpelagic inshore macrofauna and flora.
Emphasis is placed on marketing and the legal pitfalls of the industry.
Emphasis is placed on marketing as a system that provides values or utilities for consumers.
Emphasis is placed on marketing honestly, ethically and morally both online and offline.
Emphasis is placed on marketing research as a tool in decision making.
Emphasis is placed on mastery of concepts and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on mastery of grammar and the mechanics of writing.
Emphasis is placed on mastery of percentages, reading and using tables, and using basic formulas.
Emphasis is placed on mastery of the keyboard.
Emphasis is placed on matching features for individuals with disabilities.
Emphasis is placed on matching learner needs with the delivery method.
Emphasis is placed on matching the learner needs with the delivery method.
Emphasis is placed on materials for the beginning entrepreneur.
Emphasis is placed on materials for the practicing manager, business owner, and employee.
Emphasis is placed on materials of construction including metals, concrete, wood and composites.
Emphasis is placed on materials on leading Indiana artists and their art.
Emphasis is placed on materials published in the original language rather than on translated works.
Emphasis is placed on materials with either statistical or policy interests.
Emphasis is placed on math and science requirements.
Emphasis is placed on mathematical reasoning and a short review of algebra and geometry.
Emphasis is placed on mathematical relationships and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on mathematical solutions and laboratory techniques.
Emphasis is placed on mathematical techniques as well as practical applications.
Emphasis is placed on mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology for the preoptometry students.
Emphasis is placed on mathematics, system engineering, and information processing.
Emphasis is placed on maturation of skill and artistry.
Emphasis is placed on maximum learning and enjoyment.
Emphasis is placed on meaning, usage, spelling, and parts of speech.
Emphasis is placed on meaningful contemporary applications of mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on measurement, data collection and analysis of recorded data.
Emphasis is placed on measuring drug-protein interaction.
Emphasis is placed on mechanical, electro-mechanical and aerospace applications.
Emphasis is placed on mechanism and application.
Emphasis is placed on mechanism and stereochemistry where appropriate.
Emphasis is placed on mechanisms by which cells and organs perform their functions and interaction.
Emphasis is placed on mechanisms of action, clinical use, and side effects of drugs.
Emphasis is placed on mechanisms of biochemical significance.
Emphasis is placed on mechanisms of sensing and adjusting to environmental stresses.
Emphasis is placed on mechanisms, kinematics, and processes.
Emphasis is placed on media coverage of government, social issues, and political campaigns.
Emphasis is placed on media selection and interpretation of results of diagnostic tests.
Emphasis is placed on media selection, space buying, and promotional campaigns.
Emphasis is placed on medical aspects of human physiology.
Emphasis is placed on medical ethics and legal considerations.
Emphasis is placed on medical management and daily living skills acquisition.
Emphasis is placed on medications related to basic human needs.
Emphasis is placed on meeting consistently.
Emphasis is placed on meeting students' needs.
Emphasis is placed on meeting student's needs.
Emphasis is placed on meeting the assessment needs of the individual student.
Emphasis is placed on meeting the class objectives.
Emphasis is placed on meeting the special needs of students in inclusive classrooms.
Emphasis is placed on memorable lyrics and melodies.
Emphasis is placed on memory usage and program efficiency appropriate for small MCUs.
Emphasis is placed on mental development through vigorous training in a traditional atmosphere.
Emphasis is placed on mental health disorders that afflict a population that is steadily aging.
Emphasis is placed on mental health problems.
Emphasis is placed on merchandise display, fashion show production, and floor space layout.
Emphasis is placed on merchandising math principles and the role they play in making a profit.
Emphasis is placed on mesoscale weather systems.
Emphasis is placed on metabolic pathways, endocrine control, and related clinical problems.
Emphasis is placed on metabolic, cardiovascular, respiratory, and hormonal mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on metabolic, cardiovascular, respiratory, muscular, and endocrine systems.
Emphasis is placed on metal, electrode, and filler rod identification and welding terms.
Emphasis is placed on metallic, polymeric, and ceramic materials.
Emphasis is placed on metals, alloys, electronic materials, ceramics, and composites.
Emphasis is placed on metals, but polymers are also studied.
Emphasis is placed on methodologies actually used by industry.
Emphasis is placed on methodology and problems involved in laboratory isolation and identification.
Emphasis is placed on methodology as well as on mastery of defined areas of subject matter.
Emphasis is placed on methods analysis, scheduling, cash flow management and cost control.
Emphasis is placed on methods and materials for promoting activities of daily living.
Emphasis is placed on methods and procedures involved inhandlijg, analyzing and presenting data.
Emphasis is placed on methods and techniques for data collection, analysis, and interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on methods and techniques for teaching.
Emphasis is placed on methods and techniques which are common to many separation processes.
Emphasis is placed on methods and the development and implementation of research designs.
Emphasis is placed on methods of analysis and circuit measurements.
Emphasis is placed on methods of assessing impact and research on college effects.
Emphasis is placed on methods of collections, processing of specimens and quality control.
Emphasis is placed on methods of dealing with risk from both the business and consumer viewpoints.
Emphasis is placed on methods of developing asymptotic solutions.
Emphasis is placed on methods of instruction, class organization, and progressive skill development.
Emphasis is placed on methods of investigating and describing animal societies and social systems.
Emphasis is placed on methods of teaching economics in elementary schools.
Emphasis is placed on methods of urban representation in relation to different theories of the city.
Emphasis is placed on methods relevant to the pulp and paper industry.
Emphasis is placed on methods to evaluate the literature from a qualitative standpoint.
Emphasis is placed on methods, materials, community resources and evaluation procedures.
Emphasis is placed on methods, materials, community resources, and evaluation procedures.
Emphasis is placed on Mexico and the Caribbean area plus the major nations of South America.
Emphasis is placed on microbiology of water and wastewater.
Emphasis is placed on microcomputer use in a business setting.
Emphasis is placed on microeconomic decision making and theory.
Emphasis is placed on microscopic identification of formed elements found in the urine.
Emphasis is placed on microstrip and stripline realizations.
Emphasis is placed on microwave communication links.
Emphasis is placed on minimizing expenses and maximizing profits.
Emphasis is placed on minimizing the effects of the emergency or disaster.
Emphasis is placed on minimum impact travel, leadership, and communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on minority issues and concerns.
Emphasis is placed on mission projects.
Emphasis is placed on mitigation of loss from natural hazards.
Emphasis is placed on mnemonic strategies.
Emphasis is placed on mobile power plants for aerospace applications.
Emphasis is placed on mobility rather than land access.
Emphasis is placed on model building and policy analysis.
Emphasis is placed on model formulation and interpretation rather than algorithms.
Emphasis is placed on modeling and decision making with the use of spatial data.
Emphasis is placed on modeling and mutual respect.
Emphasis is placed on modeling interactions between hardware and software components.
Emphasis is placed on models of intervention and special issues.
Emphasis is placed on modern chromatographic methods.
Emphasis is placed on modern life and the influence of the New Europe in present-day Scandinavia.
Emphasis is placed on modern materials, computer analysis, theory of elasticity, and energy methods.
Emphasis is placed on modern materials, technologies, and clinical techniques.
Emphasis is placed on modern portfolio theory.
Emphasis is placed on modern research methods, technology, and statistical analysis.
Emphasis is placed on modifying lesson plans to include all students in the activities.
Emphasis is placed on modularity and modern software engineering practice.
Emphasis is placed on molecular and cellular approaches to understanding nervous system function.
Emphasis is placed on molecular bonding and spectroscopy.
Emphasis is placed on molecular genetics and genomics.
Emphasis is placed on molecular mechanisms and the experimental approach to developmental problems.
Emphasis is placed on molecular mechanisms of toxicology and carcinogenesis.
Emphasis is placed on molecular mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on money-management and the making of sound consumer decisions.
Emphasis is placed on monitoring techniques, patient weaning and newer ventilatory support systems.
Emphasis is placed on more complex stories and more specialized types of stories.
Emphasis is placed on more independent, creative work.
Emphasis is placed on more skillful poling, diagonal striding, turning, and climbing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on morphology and syntax.
Emphasis is placed on morphology, physiology, taxonomy and ecology of insects.
Emphasis is placed on motivating people with a manager's skill and insight.
Emphasis is placed on motivation and self-evaluation throughout the student's educational process.
Emphasis is placed on motivational techniques and their effectiveness.
Emphasis is placed on motor control and learning, motor development, and developmental disabilities.
Emphasis is placed on motor development characteristics and assessment procedures.
Emphasis is placed on motor skill development and simple combinations in center floor.
Emphasis is placed on motor skills and strategy for meeting participation criteria and stipulations.
Emphasis is placed on movement exploration, rhythms, self-testing, growth, and development.
Emphasis is placed on movement in mountainous terrain, on glaciers, and on inland waterways.
Emphasis is placed on movement principles, group and structural forms.
Emphasis is placed on Multicultural education.
Emphasis is placed on multidisciplinary teamwork and communication.
Emphasis is placed on multispecies interactions in dynamic low arctic and boreal ecosystems.
Emphasis is placed on muscle toning and cardiovascular endurance.
Emphasis is placed on muscle toning and flexibility.
Emphasis is placed on muscular strength and muscular endurance.
Emphasis is placed on muscular structure, mechanical and neurological aspects.
Emphasis is placed on musculoskeletal conditions of the cervical spine and related areas.
Emphasis is placed on music as a ministry, trying to meet varied needs of a varied congregation.
Emphasis is placed on music as a representative of the time and culture in which it was written.
Emphasis is placed on music as culture as well as music as music.
Emphasis is placed on music through culture.
Emphasis is placed on musical analysis, conducting technique, rehearsal strategies and repertoire.
Emphasis is placed on mutual support, empowerment and advocacy.
Emphasis is placed on narrative structure and character development.
Emphasis is placed on national science and certification standards.
Emphasis is placed on natural hazards and disasters caused by geologic forces.
Emphasis is placed on naturalistic, informal and structural learning.
Emphasis is placed on neat draftsmanship and the ability to make systematic computations.
Emphasis is placed on neat, legible, and accurate field notes.
Emphasis is placed on needs assessment and community resources for health promotion.
Emphasis is placed on nervous, circulatory, and urogenital organ systems.
Emphasis is placed on networking libraries of different level ie.
Emphasis is placed on networking with other students and business professionals.
Emphasis is placed on neuroanatomical and immunocytochemical methods.
Emphasis is placed on neurological bases of human performance, developmental and process disorders.
Emphasis is placed on neurophysiological techniques used in patient treatment.
Emphasis is placed on neurophysiology, respiratory anatomy, and physiology.
Emphasis is placed on new employees' training requirement.
Emphasis is placed on New England architecture.
Emphasis is placed on new technologies as tools to support problem solving and decision making.
Emphasis is placed on new uses of detectors, new detector development, and coincidence techniques.
Emphasis is placed on newer analytical tools and equipment.
Emphasis is placed on newly emerging technologies and an industrial perspective.
Emphasis is placed on non quantitative, cross disciplinary research, reading, and writing.
Emphasis is placed on non technical as well as technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on noninvasive or minimally intrusive approaches.
Emphasis is placed on nonlinear and time-varying circuit analysis and design techniques.
Emphasis is placed on non-surgical treatment of the various types of periodontal disease.
Emphasis is placed on non-technical as well as technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on non-technical, as well as technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on nontechnical, as well as, technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on non-traditional instruments, sources, and performing practices.
Emphasis is placed on normal and abnormal development and growth of the craniofacial complex.
Emphasis is placed on normal functioning as well as the routine gynecological examination.
Emphasis is placed on normalization, data integrity, and data modeling.
Emphasis is placed on normative aging processes and issues in successful aging.
Emphasis is placed on note reading and ensemble skills.
Emphasis is placed on numerical methods, including drug-receptor theory.
Emphasis is placed on nursing care of adolescent, young, middle-aged, and aged women.
Emphasis is placed on nursing care of the adult patient.
Emphasis is placed on nursing care throughout the normal as well as complicated pregnancy.
Emphasis is placed on nursing responsibilities, including posology and concepts of pharmacology.
Emphasis is placed on nurturing of the new parent.
Emphasis is placed on nurturing the entire family.
Emphasis is placed on nutrition and maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Emphasis is placed on nutrition and safety in the kitchen.
Emphasis is placed on nutrition as it relates to higher risk groups.
Emphasis is placed on nutrition of foods, safety, sanitation, time and group management skills.
Emphasis is placed on nutrition, physiology and management.
Emphasis is placed on obeying rules and the law.
Emphasis is placed on objective, personnel and facilities.
Emphasis is placed on object-oriented programming techniques.
Emphasis is placed on observation, interviewing, and analysis of text data.
Emphasis is placed on obtaining the correct imaging study at the appropriate time.
Emphasis is placed on occupational exploration and occupational family and consumer sciences.
Emphasis is placed on occupations and applications of principles.
Emphasis is placed on offender treatment to break the cycle of violence.
Emphasis is placed on offensive and defensive theory.
Emphasis is placed on offering programs that are age appropriate.
Emphasis is placed on office procedures, word processing operations, and language skills.
Emphasis is placed on office-quality production of documents.
Emphasis is placed on office-style activities and critical thinking skills.
Emphasis is placed on officiating fundamentals and responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed on on-line participation and the final assignment.
Emphasis is placed on online search methods and Internet resources.
Emphasis is placed on open and healthy communications within the home.
Emphasis is placed on operant and respondent conditioning and the experimental analysis of behavior.
Emphasis is placed on operation theory, with one-half of the class time spent in practical labs.
Emphasis is placed on operational characteristics of components and their effect on system design.
Emphasis is placed on operational planning, task analysis, delegation, and supervision.
Emphasis is placed on operational theory, practical skills and accepted shop procedures.
Emphasis is placed on operations involving the single company response to emergencies.
Emphasis is placed on ophthalmic applications.
Emphasis is placed on opportunities for full participation for women in the athletics program.
Emphasis is placed on oral and reading comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on oral and written communication skills and cross cultural content.
Emphasis is placed on oral and written communication skills and multicultural content.
Emphasis is placed on oral and written communication skills and the humanities.
Emphasis is placed on oral and written communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on oral and written documentation of client behavior.
Emphasis is placed on oral communication through dialogue and guided compositions.
Emphasis is placed on oral communication.
Emphasis is placed on oral conversation and reading at the intermediate level.
Emphasis is placed on oral diagnostic weather discussion and forecast presentation.
Emphasis is placed on oral interpretation as a communication act.
Emphasis is placed on oral work designed to perfect the student's pronunciation of the language.
Emphasis is placed on oral work, using material from students' everyday experiences and activities.
Emphasis is placed on oratorio rather than conversational pronunciation.
Emphasis is placed on orchestral techniques, phrasing and balance.
Emphasis is placed on organic and biochemistry.
Emphasis is placed on organic chemical reactions and traditionally accepted reaction mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on organic chemistry and biochemistry.
Emphasis is placed on organismal structure, diversity, ecology, and evolution.
Emphasis is placed on organization, communication, and safety in production.
Emphasis is placed on organization, development of speaking techniques, and research.
Emphasis is placed on organization, format, language and purpose.
Emphasis is placed on organization, note taking, study strategies, and test taking skills.
Emphasis is placed on organization, presentation, and maintenance of library web pages.
Emphasis is placed on organization, presentation, and maintenance of web pages.
Emphasis is placed on organization, spelling, punctuation, grammar, and mechanics.
Emphasis is placed on organization-environment relationships.
Emphasis is placed on organizations, communities, and society.
Emphasis is placed on organized oral confrontation and on oral presentations of literature.
Emphasis is placed on organizing a team concept approach to the investigation of the scene.
Emphasis is placed on organizing and administering adaptive programs.
Emphasis is placed on organizing specific kinds of evidence to support sensible conclusions.
Emphasis is placed on original proofs and abstract reasoning.
Emphasis is placed on original research leading to the doctoral dissertation.
Emphasis is placed on original research papers, and extensive reading is required.
Emphasis is placed on original text readings and intepretation.
Emphasis is placed on originality and craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on orthographic projection.
Emphasis is placed on outdoor field work.
Emphasis is placed on out-patient situations.
Emphasis is placed on outreach to the African-American community in urban Atlanta.
Emphasis is placed on outside reading and independent projects.
Emphasis is placed on overcoming all barriers that prevent homeless children from being successful.
Emphasis is placed on overcoming personal obstacles to writing as well as developing editing skills.
Emphasis is placed on oxy-acetylene cutting and arc welding in the vertical and overhead position.
Emphasis is placed on pace, stride strength, and continuity.
Emphasis is placed on packet switching on WANs.
Emphasis is placed on painters and engravers, but some architects and sculptors are included.
Emphasis is placed on painting 'en plein air'.
Emphasis is placed on painting, and contouring the face to achieve the desired effect.
Emphasis is placed on painting, sculpture, pottery and crafts.
Emphasis is placed on paragraph development and correct usage, spelling, mechanics, and punctuation.
Emphasis is placed on parasites of man.
Emphasis is placed on parent involvement and meeting the needs of the child.
Emphasis is placed on parents as advocates and teachers of their children.
Emphasis is placed on park preservation, flora and fauna facts, and environmental education.
Emphasis is placed on partial molal functions.
Emphasis is placed on participant interaction and self-learning.
Emphasis is placed on participant involvement in planning events and programs.
Emphasis is placed on participant involvement.
Emphasis is placed on participants generating and maintaining their own network systems.
Emphasis is placed on participants' own experience and needs.
Emphasis is placed on participation and enjoyment.
Emphasis is placed on participation and practice with adapting dances for ages and ability levels.
Emphasis is placed on participation in the sport, rather than on winning.
Emphasis is placed on participation rather than competitive achievement.
Emphasis is placed on participation, enjoyment and wellness.
Emphasis is placed on participation.
Emphasis is placed on partnerships and collaboration with communities and organizations.
Emphasis is placed on partnerships with administrative information owners and providers.
Emphasis is placed on part-time supervised field experiences in local service settings.
Emphasis is placed on past and recent antitrust cases.
Emphasis is placed on paternal effects in Drosophila melanogaster.
Emphasis is placed on patient and operator protection and radiographic quality assurance.
Emphasis is placed on pattern alterations.
Emphasis is placed on patterns and consequences of discrimination and oppression.
Emphasis is placed on patterns which contribute to either family health or dysfunction.
Emphasis is placed on pedagogical principles of effective teaching and learning.
Emphasis is placed on pedestrian, bicycle and transit use in the central core area of the campus.
Emphasis is placed on people skills and general human relation techniques in the workplace.
Emphasis is placed on perceptual mechanisms and information processing.
Emphasis is placed on perfecting correct form, breathing, focus, timing and balance.
Emphasis is placed on perfection of strokes, starts, turns, drills and introduction to competition.
Emphasis is placed on performance analysis of representative multi-access procedures.
Emphasis is placed on performance and conditioning.
Emphasis is placed on performance and skills in preparing and presenting a public speech.
Emphasis is placed on performance and skills in preparing and presenting public speeches.
Emphasis is placed on performance of scenes and monologues.
Emphasis is placed on performance qualities and musicality.
Emphasis is placed on performance trade-offs in protocol and architecture designs.
Emphasis is placed on performance, music education and music in the liberal arts.
Emphasis is placed on period research and the importance of period research in the artistic process.
Emphasis is placed on periods and countries that are most important to the theatre.
Emphasis is placed on perpetual inventory accounting procedures.
Emphasis is placed on personal and professional development through experiential learning.
Emphasis is placed on personal and small business financial skills.
Emphasis is placed on personal attention and open communication.
Emphasis is placed on personal benefit and education.
Emphasis is placed on personal creativity and use in teaching situations.
Emphasis is placed on personal evaluation and planning a personal activity program.
Emphasis is placed on personal expression and refining technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on personal expression and sensitivity to craft.
Emphasis is placed on personal expression through three-dimensional form.
Emphasis is placed on personal expression.
Emphasis is placed on personal gains, stroke technique, strength, endurance, and physical fitness.
Emphasis is placed on personal growth and self-directed learning ability.
Emphasis is placed on personal growth and self-improvement.
Emphasis is placed on personal interpretation and visual communication.
Emphasis is placed on personal narratives to the greatest extent possible.
Emphasis is placed on personal responsibility and setting an example for one's children.
Emphasis is placed on personal responsibility for self-care as a prerequisite to caring for others.
Emphasis is placed on personal security of students and staff, stressing interpersonal skill.
Emphasis is placed on personal skill level and teaching methodologies.
Emphasis is placed on personal solutions to problems, craftsmanship, tool safety and finishing.
Emphasis is placed on personal vision and modes of seeing.
Emphasis is placed on personnel management, basic supervisory functions, skills and techniques.
Emphasis is placed on persons, concepts, problems and systems from which current psychology evolved.
Emphasis is placed on pH actions and the reactions and effects of chemical ingredients.
Emphasis is placed on pharmacological interaction for clients with health deficits.
Emphasis is placed on philosophical and social attitudes which inspired the artist's work.
Emphasis is placed on philosophy and mental development.
Emphasis is placed on phonemic awareness, decoding, vocabulary, and comprehension skills.
Emphasis is placed on photographic composition and aesthetic and technical aspects of photography.
Emphasis is placed on photographic composition and darkroom techniques as a means of communication.
Emphasis is placed on photographic presentation of the news to include picture editing.
Emphasis is placed on photographic technique.
Emphasis is placed on photographic techniques of the experts and mastery of shooting and printing.
Emphasis is placed on phrasing, ensemble development and more subtle aspects of musical performance.
Emphasis is placed on phylogenetic relationships, functional morphology, and natural history.
Emphasis is placed on physical as well as mental and spiritual health.
Emphasis is placed on physical safety, proper vocalization, movement, and weapon control.
Emphasis is placed on physical understanding rather than on mathematical formalities.
Emphasis is placed on physical, cognitive, and socio-emotional development.
Emphasis is placed on physics from a conceptual rather than a mathematical approach.
Emphasis is placed on physiological ecology and adaptation to the environment.
Emphasis is placed on physiological function.
Emphasis is placed on picture taking.
Emphasis is placed on planning and controlling of costs and profits.
Emphasis is placed on planning and economic development strategies as well as property maintenance.
Emphasis is placed on planning and implementing instruction using a variety of teaching styles.
Emphasis is placed on planning early and anticipating future problems.
Emphasis is placed on planning of experiments, data evaluation, and report writing.
Emphasis is placed on planning techniques for minimizing estate and gift taxes.
Emphasis is placed on planning, administering, and evaluating outdoor recreational programs.
Emphasis is placed on planning, conducting, analyzing data, and writing up actual research projects.
Emphasis is placed on planning, executing, analyzing, and describing experiments.
Emphasis is placed on planning, executing, analyzing, and describing lighting experiments.
Emphasis is placed on planning, implementation, and assessment in developing societies.
Emphasis is placed on planning, implementing, and maintaining effective teaching strategies.
Emphasis is placed on planning, organizing, controlling, directing, and communicating.
Emphasis is placed on planning, organizing, controlling, directing, and communication.
Emphasis is placed on planning, preparing, and participating in a wilderness pack trip.
Emphasis is placed on planning, preparing, and presenting successful presentations.
Emphasis is placed on planning, tutoring, counseling and modified test taking.
Emphasis is placed on plant anatomy, morphology and physiology.
Emphasis is placed on plant enzymes.
Emphasis is placed on plant evolution and adaptation, biomes, ecology and plant use.
Emphasis is placed on plant responses to hormones and environmental factors.
Emphasis is placed on plants of economic emportance and plant processes of potential economic value.
Emphasis is placed on plants of economic importance and plant processes of potential economic value.
Emphasis is placed on plate tectonic setting.
Emphasis is placed on play, including concepts of offensive and defensive teamwork.
Emphasis is placed on playing for pleasure rather than for competitive purposes.
Emphasis is placed on playing together and developing a repertoire of old-time fiddle tunes.
Emphasis is placed on policing in a culturally diverse society.
Emphasis is placed on policing in a culturally-diverse society.
Emphasis is placed on policy applications of economics.
Emphasis is placed on policy issues affecting producers and consumers of agricultural products.
Emphasis is placed on policy issues in police, courts, sentencing and corrections.
Emphasis is placed on political and constitutional development.
Emphasis is placed on political, constitutional, and social developments.
Emphasis is placed on pollution prevention wherever possible.
Emphasis is placed on polynomial, power, and trigonometric functions.
Emphasis is placed on popular and participatory research methodology.
Emphasis is placed on popular folksongs of north India, sung by famous artistes.
Emphasis is placed on population ecology, resource use, and biological diversity.
Emphasis is placed on portfolio building.
Emphasis is placed on portion size and numbers of servings per food group.
Emphasis is placed on positive learning experiences.
Emphasis is placed on postproduction editing and project completion.
Emphasis is placed on post-traumatic stress syndrome and suicide prevention.
Emphasis is placed on power transmission and specific mechanical components.
Emphasis is placed on power, polynomial, and logarithmic functions.
Emphasis is placed on practical analysis of firm behaviour in a market.
Emphasis is placed on practical application of basic skills to employability issues in daily living.
Emphasis is placed on practical application of basic skills to leisure activities in daily living.
Emphasis is placed on practical application of basic skills to safety issues in daily living.
Emphasis is placed on practical application of basic techniques to real problems.
Emphasis is placed on practical application of criminal justice and correctional theories.
Emphasis is placed on practical application to health, disease, and performance enhancement.
Emphasis is placed on practical application, with a close examination of business documents.
Emphasis is placed on practical applications and case models.
Emphasis is placed on practical applications as well as on an understanding of fundamentals.
Emphasis is placed on practical applications for the teaching of writing and literature.
Emphasis is placed on practical applications of the scientific methods of research.
Emphasis is placed on practical applications of theory to current professional practice.
Emphasis is placed on practical applications rather than theoretical explanations.
Emphasis is placed on practical applications to cover variables that exist in industry.
Emphasis is placed on practical applications.
Emphasis is placed on practical aspects but including, where appropriate, underlying theory.
Emphasis is placed on practical aspects of research to solve real world problems.
Emphasis is placed on practical considerations, especially drafting and interpreting contracts.
Emphasis is placed on practical demonstration and integration of theoretical approaches.
Emphasis is placed on practical design and performance parameters.
Emphasis is placed on practical design using mixed logic.
Emphasis is placed on practical exercise and the detection of formal and informal fallacies.
Emphasis is placed on practical exercises and timesaving features.
Emphasis is placed on practical exercises in basic map reading skills.
Emphasis is placed on practical experiences that enhance concepts introduced in the classroom.
Emphasis is placed on practical ground water engineering problems.
Emphasis is placed on practical integrated circuits often utilized in telecommunications systems.
Emphasis is placed on practical issues related to the successful application of marketing research.
Emphasis is placed on practical litigation strategies and techniques.
Emphasis is placed on practical problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on practical problem-solving through application of theories and principles.
Emphasis is placed on practical skills such as interviewing, research and document drafting.
Emphasis is placed on practical skills such as interviewing, researching and document drafting.
Emphasis is placed on practical skills within the organization.
Emphasis is placed on practical solutions of real or hypothetical case histories and problems.
Emphasis is placed on practical vibrations problems in several engineering fields.
Emphasis is placed on practical, hands-on training in the use of specialized tools and techniques.
Emphasis is placed on practical, relevant, and usable training that is immediately applicable.
Emphasis is placed on practice in fundamental position welding and safety procedures.
Emphasis is placed on practice management issues as well as clinical problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on practice using fluent standard spoken English.
Emphasis is placed on practice within agency or organizational settings.
Emphasis is placed on practice, applications, and exercises.
Emphasis is placed on practicing the writing process in sentences and single paragraphs.
Emphasis is placed on pragmatic and intuitive approaches to analog electronic circuit designs.
Emphasis is placed on precise aircraft control and aircraft safety.
Emphasis is placed on precise alignment in yoga postures.
Emphasis is placed on precision manual muscle testing throughout.
Emphasis is placed on preharvest planning to enhance and protect forest-based resources.
Emphasis is placed on preparation .
Emphasis is placed on preparation and direction of scenes for class performance.
Emphasis is placed on preparation and evaluation of instruction.
Emphasis is placed on preparation for employment at a summer camp.
Emphasis is placed on preparation of documents throughout the court process.
Emphasis is placed on preparation of partnership income tax returns.
Emphasis is placed on preparation, pre competition and competition.
Emphasis is placed on preparing a portfolio of work for presentation to a potential employer.
Emphasis is placed on preparing for job interviews and preparing a letter-perfect resume.
Emphasis is placed on preparing for the presentation of a student's artwork in a gallery setting.
Emphasis is placed on preparing minority and rural educators.
Emphasis is placed on preparing minority and rural professional personnel.
Emphasis is placed on preparing students for employment in a wide variety of fields.
Emphasis is placed on preparing students to qualify for skilled entry-level positions.
Emphasis is placed on preparing teachers who are collaborative, affirming of diversity and ethical.
Emphasis is placed on preparing the automobile for proper refinishing.
Emphasis is placed on presentation of the clinical picture based on laboratory findings.
Emphasis is placed on presentations and demonstrations.
Emphasis is placed on preservation of the communication during the report editing process.
Emphasis is placed on preserving marital bonds and restoring and maintaining trust.
Emphasis is placed on preserving marital bonds, and restoring and maintaining trust.
Emphasis is placed on preserving the family unit.
Emphasis is placed on prevailing twentieth century world views.
Emphasis is placed on preventative health.
Emphasis is placed on preventative, remediation, and developmental counseling skills.
Emphasis is placed on preventing disease and reducing health risks.
Emphasis is placed on preventing or recovery from the aches and pains of computer work.
Emphasis is placed on preventing vector-borne disease morbidity and mortality.
Emphasis is placed on prevention and decision making.
Emphasis is placed on prevention and decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on prevention and treatment of diseases.
Emphasis is placed on prevention of homophobia and the recognition of heterosexist privilege.
Emphasis is placed on prevention, intervention skills, and on positive customer focus.
Emphasis is placed on prevention.
Emphasis is placed on preventive care, including management of hypertension and dyslipidemia.
Emphasis is placed on preventive counseling and working in the community as a professional person.
Emphasis is placed on preventive dental care and consumer education.
Emphasis is placed on preventive health measures such as screening and immunizations.
Emphasis is placed on preventive measures in order to minimize potential client liability exposure.
Emphasis is placed on pre-visualization of target structures and their attendant cranial mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on pre-war writers and their quest for modernity.
Emphasis is placed on pre-writing skills, organization, development of ideas.
Emphasis is placed on prewriting, writing, revising stages of paragraph and essay writing.
Emphasis is placed on pride, dignity and commitment to the trade.
Emphasis is placed on primary care.
Emphasis is placed on primary health care of rural and other underserved populations.
Emphasis is placed on primary sources.
Emphasis is placed on principal safety and long-term income.
Emphasis is placed on principal therapeutic uses, important side effects and mechanisms of action.
Emphasis is placed on principal therapeutic uses, important side effects, and mechanisms of action.
Emphasis is placed on principles and procedures of accounting for businesses.
Emphasis is placed on principles of communication, personal relationships, and resolving conflict.
Emphasis is placed on principles of curriculum development and use of instructional strategies.
Emphasis is placed on principles of curriculum development use of instructional strategies.
Emphasis is placed on principles of effective business writing.
Emphasis is placed on principles of gas flow, pressure regulation, production, and storage.
Emphasis is placed on principles of human development in terms of physiology.
Emphasis is placed on principles of safety, thermodynamics, and heat transfer.
Emphasis is placed on principles rather than technology which is always subject to change.
Emphasis is placed on principles that are relevant to both crop and non-crop ecosystems.
Emphasis is placed on printed, peer-review scientific journals.
Emphasis is placed on probation and parole.
Emphasis is placed on problem analysis, algorithm development, and data and control structures.
Emphasis is placed on problem analysis, algorithm development, data and control structures.
Emphasis is placed on problem analysis, literature searches and research planning.
Emphasis is placed on problem definition, problem analysis, and the design of computer algorithms.
Emphasis is placed on problem formulation, analysis, and solution methods.
Emphasis is placed on problem identification, analysis, and solution.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving and algorithm development.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving and applications through research.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving and applications throughout the course.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving and project development.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving and teamwork.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving and the development of higher level thinking skills.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving and writing well-structured programs.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving based on established traffic engineering methods.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving for the technology fields.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving skills and a variety of concepts in physics.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving skills and applications of math to career and consumer topics.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving skills and visual perception.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving techniques, programming skills, and program style and design.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving techniques.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving, goal setting, teamwork and personal interrelationships.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving, reasoning, communication and mathematical connections.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving, solution techniques, and terminology.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving, writing, and solving simple algebraic equations.
Emphasis is placed on problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on problem-based, small group learning experiences.
Emphasis is placed on problems encountered in economic research.
Emphasis is placed on problems face by state and local governments.
Emphasis is placed on problems faced by state and local governments.
Emphasis is placed on problems related to student's individual needs.
Emphasis is placed on problems relating to island ecology and Hawaii in particular.
Emphasis is placed on problems seen in daily practice, such as recurring gum disease.
Emphasis is placed on problem-solving and application of theory to practical experience.
Emphasis is placed on problem-solving and creative interpretation of data.
Emphasis is placed on problem-solving in individual and group environments throughout the workshop.
Emphasis is placed on problem-solving skills and a love of learning.
Emphasis is placed on problem-solving skills using currently available resources.
Emphasis is placed on problem-solving techniques for technical applications.
Emphasis is placed on problem-solving to achieve results with a humanistic approach.
Emphasis is placed on problem-solving, and the calculator is utilized as an important tool.
Emphasis is placed on procedure skills, obstetrics, sports medicine.
Emphasis is placed on procedures and application of results to design.
Emphasis is placed on procedures that can help control water losses.
Emphasis is placed on procedures used for testing body fluids.
Emphasis is placed on procedures with a strong database of support.
Emphasis is placed on process and critical thinking skills as well as environmental issues.
Emphasis is placed on process and critical thinking skills as well as on environmental issues.
Emphasis is placed on process instantiation and technology transition.
Emphasis is placed on procurement, inventory control, and logistics.
Emphasis is placed on producing mailable documents and applying written communicative skills.
Emphasis is placed on producing mailable documents through the use of medical-related materials.
Emphasis is placed on producing quality commercial baked goods.
Emphasis is placed on producing the desired chart.
Emphasis is placed on product selection and appropriate patient consultation.
Emphasis is placed on product variations and on quality and productivity data.
Emphasis is placed on production management, planning, and control.
Emphasis is placed on production methods, costs, research and media analysis.
Emphasis is placed on production of bulb crops and flowering annual and perennial crops.
Emphasis is placed on production of high quality products and professional presentation.
Emphasis is placed on production techniques and proofreading and editing skills.
Emphasis is placed on professional and collegiate level.
Emphasis is placed on professional and legal accountability, and responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed on professional auditing standards.
Emphasis is placed on professional laboratory report preparation.
Emphasis is placed on professional performance including dance, movement, singing and acting.
Emphasis is placed on professional practices and safety.
Emphasis is placed on professional skills.
Emphasis is placed on professional standards and craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on professional, legal, and ethical issues associated with the human services.
Emphasis is placed on professional, legal, ethical, and political issues and management concepts.
Emphasis is placed on professionals' and consumers' lived experience of rehabilitation.
Emphasis is placed on proficiency through the student teaching experience.
Emphasis is placed on profitable and timely grain marketing.
Emphasis is placed on program and practice evaluation, single subject design and ethics.
Emphasis is placed on program design, testing and implementation.
Emphasis is placed on program structuring.
Emphasis is placed on programmable logic controllers and the local area network.
Emphasis is placed on programming and production of complex parts.
Emphasis is placed on programming and teaching methods.
Emphasis is placed on programming and testing.
Emphasis is placed on programming techniques and languages used in artificial intelligence research.
Emphasis is placed on programming techniques required to support network applications.
Emphasis is placed on programming, design development, and design and evaluation methods.
Emphasis is placed on programming, working with relative, direct, and indexed files.
Emphasis is placed on programs that have little or no existing documentation.
Emphasis is placed on project planning and hands-on experience in system operation.
Emphasis is placed on projects that use mass transportation services.
Emphasis is placed on promoting personal responsibility and control of health behavior.
Emphasis is placed on promoting teamwork, coordination and the interfacing of responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed on promoting the emotional, economical and physical well being of all persons.
Emphasis is placed on promoting the optimal level of function.
Emphasis is placed on pronunciation and reading techniques.
Emphasis is placed on proof and deductive reasoning.
Emphasis is placed on proofreading skills for completed projects.
Emphasis is placed on proofreading skills.
Emphasis is placed on proofreading, corrections as well as read back of selected portion of notes.
Emphasis is placed on proofreading, corrections as well as read back of selected portions of notes.
Emphasis is placed on proofreading, corrections, as well as read back of selected portion of notes.
Emphasis is placed on proofreading, following directions, decision making, and editing.
Emphasis is placed on proper bite placement as well as absorbing the impact.
Emphasis is placed on proper diagnosis of driveability problems and recommended repair procedures.
Emphasis is placed on proper experimental technique, error analysis, and technical report writing.
Emphasis is placed on proper fingering and technique.
Emphasis is placed on proper form and alignment.
Emphasis is placed on proper location and clamping of parts for all types of machining.
Emphasis is placed on proper nutrition during adulthood and proper diet in reference to disease.
Emphasis is placed on proper operation, inspection and protection of powerplant systems.
Emphasis is placed on proper plan function and presentation.
Emphasis is placed on proper programming methodology and problem solving techniques.
Emphasis is placed on proper selection of activities, program organization, and teaching procedures.
Emphasis is placed on proper techniques and strategies for playing in game situations.
Emphasis is placed on proper techniques and strategies for playing softball.
Emphasis is placed on proper test procedures and the use of specialty tools.
Emphasis is placed on proper use of financial statement information.
Emphasis is placed on proper use of service manuals and safety.
Emphasis is placed on proper use of the equipment and the prevention of costly downtime.
Emphasis is placed on properties of fluids and their applications to chemical engineering.
Emphasis is placed on proposals designed to benefit low and moderate income populations.
Emphasis is placed on proprietorship records.
Emphasis is placed on protection mechanisms utilized in diagnostic radiology.
Emphasis is placed on protection of environmental quality.
Emphasis is placed on protein conformation and dynamics and enzyme kinetics.
Emphasis is placed on protocols used in the Internet.
Emphasis is placed on providing a forum where an open dialogue regarding sexual health can occur.
Emphasis is placed on providing a working knowledge of and hands-on experience with microcomputers.
Emphasis is placed on providing a working knowledge on and hands-on experience with microcomputers.
Emphasis is placed on providing an understanding of today's economic world.
Emphasis is placed on providing classes that fulfill general education requirements.
Emphasis is placed on providing compassionate care in a scholarly and competent manner.
Emphasis is placed on providing each student with hands-on experience with lecture.
Emphasis is placed on providing necessary factual information rather than conclusions.
Emphasis is placed on providing nursing care to sick clients.
Emphasis is placed on providing practical experience that can be applied immediately.
Emphasis is placed on providing quality care in a multidisciplinary framework.
Emphasis is placed on providing quality pastoral care that meets the needs of military readiness.
Emphasis is placed on providing services to low income, indigent and uninsured persons.
Emphasis is placed on providing solutions that are tailored to specific client needs.
Emphasis is placed on providing the best customer service of any bank in the market.
Emphasis is placed on providing the most effective treatment in a supportive environment.
Emphasis is placed on providing the reader with the tools for interpreting the built environment.
Emphasis is placed on providing therapy in an environment that is physically and emotionally safe.
Emphasis is placed on providing useful information rather than a cornucopia of web capabilities.
Emphasis is placed on proving correctness of designs and implementations.
Emphasis is placed on proving theorems.
Emphasis is placed on psychologic and physiologic factors which enhance the accident probability.
Emphasis is placed on psychological and physiologic factors which enhance the accident probability.
Emphasis is placed on psychological principles as they relate to daily life.
Emphasis is placed on psychological, social, and economic influence of food habits.
Emphasis is placed on psychological, sociological, and physiological approaches.
Emphasis is placed on psychology and educational psychology grades.
Emphasis is placed on psychology as the scientific study of behavior and cognitive processes.
Emphasis is placed on psychosocial and physiological factors which affect an individual's sexuality.
Emphasis is placed on psychosocial, cognitive developmental, and learning theories.
Emphasis is placed on public matters affecting all aspects of transportation.
Emphasis is placed on public policy.
Emphasis is placed on public speaking during both trimesters.
Emphasis is placed on publications of the various political parties.
Emphasis is placed on publicizing findings through the appropriate venues.
Emphasis is placed on publishing material suitable for practicing lawyers.
Emphasis is placed on purification of stem cells and both in vitro and in vivo assays.
Emphasis is placed on qualitative and quantitative research methods.
Emphasis is placed on quality and the effective use of available resources.
Emphasis is placed on quality craftsmanship and creativity.
Emphasis is placed on quality graphic communication.
Emphasis is placed on quality in technical performance and interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on quality instruction.
Emphasis is placed on quality line work, lettering, dimension, and drawing accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on quality literature and comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on quality of care.
Emphasis is placed on quality of life and spiritual and emotional support as well as medical care.
Emphasis is placed on quality of production and responsiveness to market needs.
Emphasis is placed on quality of work and work ethics.
Emphasis is placed on quality of work rather than on the number of pages.
Emphasis is placed on quality output.
Emphasis is placed on quality teaching, research, and service.
Emphasis is placed on quality training and avoidance of injuries.
Emphasis is placed on quality undergraduate education.
Emphasis is placed on quantification, identity, descriptions, and actuality.
Emphasis is placed on quantitative applications of chemical concepts.
Emphasis is placed on quantitative approaches.
Emphasis is placed on quantitative methods.
Emphasis is placed on query languages, normalization, and physical design.
Emphasis is placed on questions about creativity and meaning.
Emphasis is placed on questions related to deforestation and environmental degradation.
Emphasis is placed on quick retention of complex combinations.
Emphasis is placed on radiation and moisture flows and conversions.
Emphasis is placed on radiation biology and patient protection.
Emphasis is placed on radiographic anatomy in all courses.
Emphasis is placed on radiographic pathology of body systems.
Emphasis is placed on radiographic specialty procedures, pathology, and advanced imaging.
Emphasis is placed on radiography of the chest, abdomen, extremities, spine, and pelvis.
Emphasis is placed on rafters, trusses, ceiling joists, roof decking, and roofing materials.
Emphasis is placed on randomized techniques and new data structures.
Emphasis is placed on range of motion, coordination and flexibility for movement that matters.
Emphasis is placed on rapid response prototyping, demonstration, application, and assessment.
Emphasis is placed on rapid response, extrication, triage, and treatment.
Emphasis is placed on rapid sequence intubation with paralytic and sedative agents.
Emphasis is placed on reaching individuals from communities of color and underserved populations.
Emphasis is placed on reaction mechanisms and synthetic application.
Emphasis is placed on readiness for school based on cognitive, social and emotional growth.
Emphasis is placed on reading activities for the content areas.
Emphasis is placed on reading and analyzing prints.
Emphasis is placed on reading and class discussion.
Emphasis is placed on reading and discussion with fellow students and staff.
Emphasis is placed on reading and interpreting electrical diagrams and schematics.
Emphasis is placed on reading and writing short passages and personal notes.
Emphasis is placed on reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on reading and writing.
Emphasis is placed on reading comprehension and kinesthetic assimilation of Labanotation concepts.
Emphasis is placed on reading comprehension, vocabulary development, and paragraph structure.
Emphasis is placed on reading current journal articles and other related marketing publications.
Emphasis is placed on reading for comprehension and on analytical and critical reading.
Emphasis is placed on reading original sources where possible.
Emphasis is placed on reading primary literature related to current research topics.
Emphasis is placed on reading primary sources.
Emphasis is placed on reading readiness activities, phonics, and math concepts.
Emphasis is placed on reading selections from many historical periods.
Emphasis is placed on reading strategies rather than on just isolated linguistic elements.
Emphasis is placed on reading trends and various procedures for teaching reading.
Emphasis is placed on reading unedited Spanish.
Emphasis is placed on reading, dictation, conversation and short composition.
Emphasis is placed on reading, process writing, and both group and individual language experiences.
Emphasis is placed on reading, writing and study skills in the advanced levels.
Emphasis is placed on reading, writing, and mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on reading, writing, and translating.
Emphasis is placed on reading, writing, and using the spoken language.
Emphasis is placed on reading, writing, speaking and listening.
Emphasis is placed on real classroom and community experiences.
Emphasis is placed on real life applications using a case study approach.
Emphasis is placed on real life sample analyses and on ability to design appropriate experiments.
Emphasis is placed on real world situations, operational decision making and trouble shooting.
Emphasis is placed on realism and figure-ground coordination with the use of value and design.
Emphasis is placed on realism.
Emphasis is placed on realistic applications of computer-supported techniques.
Emphasis is placed on realistic drawing and presentation of objects.
Emphasis is placed on realistic figure studies using color markers, pencils, and watercolors.
Emphasis is placed on realistic problem-solving, estimation, and mental computation.
Emphasis is placed on realization of the unique creative vision.
Emphasis is placed on real-time control and extreme manipulation of the effects.
Emphasis is placed on real-world application of instructional technology.
Emphasis is placed on real-world application of remote sensing principles.
Emphasis is placed on real-world applications for spreadsheet usage.
Emphasis is placed on real-world applications.
Emphasis is placed on real-world planning problems.
Emphasis is placed on reasoning and justification.
Emphasis is placed on recall and interpretation in listening, delivery and organization in speaking.
Emphasis is placed on recent changes in American marital relations.
Emphasis is placed on recent developments appearing in the journal literature.
Emphasis is placed on recent developments in the journal literature.
Emphasis is placed on recent experimental advances in the field.
Emphasis is placed on recent research findings and methodologies in buyer behavior.
Emphasis is placed on recent research in sensory and neuromuscular physiology.
Emphasis is placed on recent world events as they impact international business.
Emphasis is placed on recently published data and laboratory methods.
Emphasis is placed on receptive abilities.
Emphasis is placed on receptive as well as expressive abilities.
Emphasis is placed on receptive as well expressive abilities.
Emphasis is placed on recognition and evaluation of injuries to the lower body.
Emphasis is placed on recognition and evaluation of injuries to the physically active individual.
Emphasis is placed on recognition and evaluation of injuries to the upper body.
Emphasis is placed on recognition and treatment of various disease states.
Emphasis is placed on recognition of normal findings, common deviations associated with pathologies.
Emphasis is placed on recognition of normal, variations of normal and deviations from normal.
Emphasis is placed on recognition, assessment, and proper management of emergency care.
Emphasis is placed on recognition, diagnosis and treatment of diving related illness.
Emphasis is placed on recognition, division, definition, spelling and pronunciation of word parts.
Emphasis is placed on recognition, economic importance and methods of control.
Emphasis is placed on recognition, evaluation, and treatment of injuries to the lower body.
Emphasis is placed on recognition, evaluation, and treatment of injuries to the upper body.
Emphasis is placed on recognition, intervention, and appropriate referral.
Emphasis is placed on recognizing and seizing opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on recognizing body language techniques and acquiring active listening skills.
Emphasis is placed on recognizing exceptional children in the schools and on meeting their needs.
Emphasis is placed on recognizing predisposing factors for violence in the family.
Emphasis is placed on reconstructive rearfoot procedures both in diabetic and non-diabetic patients.
Emphasis is placed on record keeping and detail.
Emphasis is placed on recording live concert music.
Emphasis is placed on recruiting qualified underrepresented minorities.
Emphasis is placed on recruiting, promoting, and retraining employees.
Emphasis is placed on reducing chemical inputs.
Emphasis is placed on reducing delays through better traffic flow.
Emphasis is placed on reducing future occurrences of anxiety attacks.
Emphasis is placed on reducing the risk of heart disease through exercise and nutrition.
Emphasis is placed on reference sources and research strategies.
Emphasis is placed on refining and strengthening the fundamnetal technical foundation.
Emphasis is placed on refining basic skill and participation.
Emphasis is placed on refining basic skills and learning new swim strokes.
Emphasis is placed on refining grammar skills and developing a professional style.
Emphasis is placed on refining horticulture skills through hands on experience.
Emphasis is placed on refining job-specific technical skills and general workplace competencies.
Emphasis is placed on refining skills and developing more advanced strategies and techniques.
Emphasis is placed on reflective decision-making concerning the strengths and needs of the mentoree.
Emphasis is placed on regional and national activities as well as on efforts that can be replicated.
Emphasis is placed on regression analysis and the problems associated with such estimations.
Emphasis is placed on rehabilitating and preparing people to return to work.
Emphasis is placed on reinforcement of skills and the introduction of additional plants.
Emphasis is placed on reinforcing high ethical standards and developing good surgical practices.
Emphasis is placed on reintegration programs, focusing on work, education and counseling services.
Emphasis is placed on relating biochemical function and phylogenetic relationships.
Emphasis is placed on relating drawings to the required manufacturing processes.
Emphasis is placed on relating mission and plan to individual performance objectives.
Emphasis is placed on relating reading and writing.
Emphasis is placed on relating soil properties to compressibility and shear strength of soils.
Emphasis is placed on relating spectroscopy and dynamics.
Emphasis is placed on relating the activities to motor skill and developmental age.
Emphasis is placed on relations with other nations in the region, and with the United States.
Emphasis is placed on relationship of nutrition to carcass composition.
Emphasis is placed on relaxing neck, shoulders, and jaw muscles.
Emphasis is placed on releasing deep muscular tension and resolving poor muscular habits.
Emphasis is placed on relevance of information systems to all careers.
Emphasis is placed on relevant issues that impact the management and leadership role in health care.
Emphasis is placed on relevant professional standards.
Emphasis is placed on relevant research techniques.
Emphasis is placed on reliability and maintainability engineering.
Emphasis is placed on religion across the curriculum throughout the school day.
Emphasis is placed on remediation techniques.
Emphasis is placed on renal biopsy and tumor diagnosis.
Emphasis is placed on renal function and urinalysis.
Emphasis is placed on rendering skills through the use of line, value and perspective.
Emphasis is placed on rendering various textures and exploring a wide range of media.
Emphasis is placed on representational forms.
Emphasis is placed on representational painting, but experimentation is encouraged.
Emphasis is placed on representative as well as conceptual approaches.
Emphasis is placed on requisite political competence in organizations, systems and communities.
Emphasis is placed on research and analytical skills.
Emphasis is placed on research and evidence rather than persuasive delivery.
Emphasis is placed on research design and appropriate statistical procedures for analysis of data.
Emphasis is placed on research design and method.
Emphasis is placed on research formulas common to educational research and clinical trial research.
Emphasis is placed on research integration and practical concerns of the older worker.
Emphasis is placed on research methodology .
Emphasis is placed on research methodology.
Emphasis is placed on research methods and results.
Emphasis is placed on research related to various mental illnesses.
Emphasis is placed on research skills to formulate and evaluate social policy.
Emphasis is placed on research sources.
Emphasis is placed on research strategies and evaluation of information resources.
Emphasis is placed on research strongly grounded in theory.
Emphasis is placed on research study.
Emphasis is placed on research utilization.
Emphasis is placed on research which potentially challenges current public health policy.
Emphasis is placed on research with flowering water garden plants including water lilies.
Emphasis is placed on research, evaluation, and curriculum development.
Emphasis is placed on research, interpretation and implementation of laws and regulations.
Emphasis is placed on research, museum and gallery visits and projects.
Emphasis is placed on research, writing, oral communication and reasoning skills.
Emphasis is placed on researching skills, communicating ideas, structuring and presenting the essay.
Emphasis is placed on researching, organizing,writing and delivering formal and informal speeches.
Emphasis is placed on residential and single unit properties.
Emphasis is placed on residential construction and coordination of construction trade activities.
Emphasis is placed on resolving grievances at the lowest administrative level possible.
Emphasis is placed on resolving occupational health problems.
Emphasis is placed on resources and innovative practices in and around the New Jersey region.
Emphasis is placed on resources depicting current times.
Emphasis is placed on resources in Manitoba and in particular the city of Winnipeg .
Emphasis is placed on respect and appreciation of each individual's contribution.
Emphasis is placed on respect for their individual needs and developing skills.
Emphasis is placed on respect, making choices and the theory of cause and effect.
Emphasis is placed on respecting and maintaining each person's autonomy and dignity.
Emphasis is placed on respiration, phonation, resonation, articulation, and deglutition.
Emphasis is placed on responding to the needs of each individual precinct.
Emphasis is placed on response to releases of hazardous materials.
Emphasis is placed on responses to childbirth, pediatric illness, and treatment.
Emphasis is placed on responsibility and cooperation with others.
Emphasis is placed on restoring factory corrosion protection after collision damage.
Emphasis is placed on resume development, job applications and the interview process.
Emphasis is placed on resumes, photographs, audition tapes and management.
Emphasis is placed on retail experience gained on the job in a supervised internship.
Emphasis is placed on retention and recruitment.
Emphasis is placed on return versus risk valuation tradeoff.
Emphasis is placed on review and clinical application of research pertaining to the selected topic.
Emphasis is placed on review of the literature with reference to key articles.
Emphasis is placed on review of treatment plans and case presentation.
Emphasis is placed on reviewing and critiquing relevant literature.
Emphasis is placed on reviewing and critiquing selected research in clinical populations.
Emphasis is placed on reviewing forms in literature and composition.
Emphasis is placed on reviewing learned materials and on taking a national competitive examination.
Emphasis is placed on revision and organizational skills in writing.
Emphasis is placed on reward for good behaviour rather than punishment for poor behaviour.
Emphasis is placed on rewarding positive behavior and building self-esteem.
Emphasis is placed on rhetorical organization and the techniques of expository writing.
Emphasis is placed on rheumatic manifestations of common internal medicine disorders.
Emphasis is placed on rigorous discussions.
Emphasis is placed on rigorously testing specific hypotheses in the field.
Emphasis is placed on risk factor assessment and health screening methodologies.
Emphasis is placed on river running, safety, and care of equipment.
Emphasis is placed on roles, function, and relationships within a small group setting.
Emphasis is placed on room layout, financing, and other ideas to maximize homeowner returns.
Emphasis is placed on routine procedures for general and specialty surgery.
Emphasis is placed on rules interpretation, team play, and game strategy.
Emphasis is placed on rules of the game, commissions, security and game protection.
Emphasis is placed on rules, equipment, and motor skills used in various sports.
Emphasis is placed on rules, fundamentals, and strategies of beginning handball.
Emphasis is placed on rules, fundamentals, and strategies of beginning racquetball.
Emphasis is placed on rules, game strategies, and selected techniques of coaching baseball.
Emphasis is placed on rules, game strategies, and selected techniques of coaching basketball.
Emphasis is placed on rules, game strategies, and selected techniques of coaching football.
Emphasis is placed on rules, game strategies, and selected techniques of coaching soccer.
Emphasis is placed on rules, strategies, and advanced techniques, skills, and strategies.
Emphasis is placed on rules, strategies, and fundamental skills.
Emphasis is placed on safe and correct handling of the canoe and rescue skills.
Emphasis is placed on safe attitudes, accident prevention, and response to accidents and injuries.
Emphasis is placed on safe operating procedures for charging, evacuation, and recovery systems.
Emphasis is placed on safe practice.
Emphasis is placed on safe setup and use of equipment.
Emphasis is placed on safe working habits.
Emphasis is placed on safety and kinesthetic technique.
Emphasis is placed on safety and marksmanship.
Emphasis is placed on safety and prevention of accidents.
Emphasis is placed on safety and quality of the group.
Emphasis is placed on safety and special tools.
Emphasis is placed on safety and technology utilized in health care.
Emphasis is placed on safety and testing procedures.
Emphasis is placed on safety and the psychological effects of confined space rescue.
Emphasis is placed on safety procedures in environmental situations.
Emphasis is placed on safety, including both pool and on-board drills.
Emphasis is placed on safety, set-up and operation of equipment, and various types of weld.
Emphasis is placed on sales as an integral element of the promotional mix.
Emphasis is placed on sales techniques involved in various types of selling situations.
Emphasis is placed on salesmanship, customer relations, record keeping and time utilization.
Emphasis is placed on satisfaction for the customer.
Emphasis is placed on saving time in and out of the classroom.
Emphasis is placed on scene arrangement, views and the correct use of lighting.
Emphasis is placed on scene construction, lighting, sound, costuming, and make-up.
Emphasis is placed on scholarship in clinical practice and community service.
Emphasis is placed on scholarship, original work, and training in research.
Emphasis is placed on science education, present and future.
Emphasis is placed on science process skills and instructional styles.
Emphasis is placed on science, technology and maths.
Emphasis is placed on science-based research.
Emphasis is placed on scientific and technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on scientific inquiry.
Emphasis is placed on scope, artistic merit and selection.
Emphasis is placed on score reading, ear training, and musical analysis.
Emphasis is placed on scrap control, milestone operations and up to date dispatch lists.
Emphasis is placed on scrap control, On time deliveries and up to date dispatch lists.
Emphasis is placed on screen display, interactivity, and connectivity.
Emphasis is placed on screen reclaiming and safety in the lab.
Emphasis is placed on search, seizure, arrest and the use of force.
Emphasis is placed on seasoning, flavor and presentation.
Emphasis is placed on selected therapeutic approaches throughout the lifespan.
Emphasis is placed on selected topics that are current.
Emphasis is placed on selecting the most effective welding procedures as related to the job.
Emphasis is placed on selection and presentation of literature appropriate for young children.
Emphasis is placed on selection of applicants with strong clinical and research backgrounds.
Emphasis is placed on selection of appropriate applications and interpretation of results.
Emphasis is placed on selection of loads and criteria for deflection and stability.
Emphasis is placed on selection of materials and methods.
Emphasis is placed on selection, analysis, organization and presentation of speech materials.
Emphasis is placed on self-assessment of interests, values, skills, and abilities.
Emphasis is placed on self-control, common sense, responsibility, and respect for self and others.
Emphasis is placed on self-development through pendulum power.
Emphasis is placed on self-directed learning and selective activities.
Emphasis is placed on self-directed services.
Emphasis is placed on self-discipline, good manners, tidiness and consideration for others.
Emphasis is placed on self-discipline, self control, self confidence and self defense.
Emphasis is placed on self-esteem and leadership.
Emphasis is placed on self-improvement and sportsmanship during all recreational activities.
Emphasis is placed on self-improvement, sportsmanship and teamwork.
Emphasis is placed on self-respect and respect for others.
Emphasis is placed on seminar format with student research and student led discussion.
Emphasis is placed on sentence structure.
Emphasis is placed on sequential file processing and concepts of modular and structured programming.
Emphasis is placed on sequential file processing and the creation of different reports.
Emphasis is placed on series, parallel and series-parallel circuits.
Emphasis is placed on series, parallel, and series-parallel circuits.
Emphasis is placed on service to the individual to help achieve a comfortable secure retirement.
Emphasis is placed on service to the motoring public.
Emphasis is placed on service while performed while in the state of Colorado.
Emphasis is placed on services for safe motherhood and, more broadly, family health.
Emphasis is placed on servicing the fuel injection system.
Emphasis is placed on servicing the fuel-injection system.
Emphasis is placed on serving meals of high quality at moderate cost.
Emphasis is placed on setting goals and maintaining an active lifestyle.
Emphasis is placed on setting unit doses while concentrating on accuracy and speed.
Emphasis is placed on setting up and running common user problems.
Emphasis is placed on setting up the problem and finding the correct solution.
Emphasis is placed on setting, plot, character study, etc.
Emphasis is placed on setting-up, configuring and connecting PC's to a network.
Emphasis is placed on settling grievances at the lowest administrative level possible.
Emphasis is placed on shallow water Florida environments.
Emphasis is placed on shareholder advocacy, rather than on screening criteria.
Emphasis is placed on sheet layout, material indication, linework, dimensioning, and notation.
Emphasis is placed on shop mathematics, blueprint reading and shop theory.
Emphasis is placed on shop safety and procedures.
Emphasis is placed on shorthand techniques, legibility, and mastery of the basic vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on short-term solutions, demonstration projects, and discrete programs.
Emphasis is placed on silicon integrated circuit manufacturing.
Emphasis is placed on silicon processing, photonic communications and wireless communications.
Emphasis is placed on similarities more than differences.
Emphasis is placed on simple methods of drawing and coloring.
Emphasis is placed on simple, fresh ingredients and Italian cooking methods.
Emphasis is placed on simplifying and reducing overall transportation costs.
Emphasis is placed on simplifying processes and reducing overall transportation costs.
Emphasis is placed on simply doing whatever it takes to get the job done.
Emphasis is placed on simulated problem solving and decision making in the marketing environment.
Emphasis is placed on simulated registry examinations with re-study where necessary.
Emphasis is placed on singing in tune, feeling the beat and moving appropriately on the beat.
Emphasis is placed on site location and intended building usage to ensure maximum performance.
Emphasis is placed on sites that focus on building an effective partnership among all parties.
Emphasis is placed on sites that index a broad range of information.
Emphasis is placed on situations and populations relevant to wilderness education programs.
Emphasis is placed on skating, learning the fundamentals and practice.
Emphasis is placed on skating, stick handling, passing, shooting and limited scrimmaging.
Emphasis is placed on sketching with paper and pencil and with computers.
Emphasis is placed on skill building and development for reentry into the community.
Emphasis is placed on skill development and individual exploration of ideas.
Emphasis is placed on skill development for quality commercial bakery products.
Emphasis is placed on skill development in basic instrumentation and infection control.
Emphasis is placed on skill development in topical areas.
Emphasis is placed on skill development on all four Olympic events.
Emphasis is placed on skill development through laboratory experience.
Emphasis is placed on skill development through laboratory experiences.
Emphasis is placed on skill development through laboratory practice.
Emphasis is placed on skill development through laboratory practices.
Emphasis is placed on skill development, flexibility, strength, rhythm, and fitness.
Emphasis is placed on skill development, knowledge of the rules, and basic game strategy.
Emphasis is placed on skill development.
Emphasis is placed on skill in distance swimming.
Emphasis is placed on skill necessary to operate and manage a large facility.
Emphasis is placed on skill, achievement, knowledge of the sport, and good sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on skills and strategy for meeting criteria and stipulation.
Emphasis is placed on skills necessary to interpret property and liability insurance contracts.
Emphasis is placed on skills needed for independent functioning.
Emphasis is placed on skills needed for managerial success.
Emphasis is placed on skills needed in planning and organizing instruction.
Emphasis is placed on skills needed to lead a satisfying, productive and independent life.
Emphasis is placed on skills-based instruction in the use of educational technologies.
Emphasis is placed on slowly releasing the pose.
Emphasis is placed on small animal techniques.
Emphasis is placed on small classes and high quality instruction.
Emphasis is placed on small discussion groups and practical applications.
Emphasis is placed on small population biology and genetic diversity of endangered species.
Emphasis is placed on small unit leadership techniques and hands-on, practical experiences.
Emphasis is placed on sobriety, literacy and participation in volunteer projects.
Emphasis is placed on social and behavioral skills as well as academics.
Emphasis is placed on social and cultural developments and rise of America as a world power.
Emphasis is placed on social and emotional development and in learning through cooperative play.
Emphasis is placed on social and interpersonal technologies.
Emphasis is placed on social change, conflicts in cultural values and the impact of technology.
Emphasis is placed on social conditions and issues.
Emphasis is placed on social interaction and language expansion.
Emphasis is placed on social interaction and the individual growth of the child.
Emphasis is placed on social interaction in groups, organizations, and social institutions.
Emphasis is placed on social interaction, constructive play and language reinforcement.
Emphasis is placed on social movements and change.
Emphasis is placed on social processes of consensus, conflict, and social change.
Emphasis is placed on social services that are available to the elderly.
Emphasis is placed on social studies, reading, and language arts.
Emphasis is placed on social work intervention aimed at prevention and treatment of addiction.
Emphasis is placed on social work, such as building hospitals.
Emphasis is placed on social, economic, and political developments.
Emphasis is placed on social, environmental and creative awareness.
Emphasis is placed on social-emotional issues.
Emphasis is placed on socialization, culture, and social interaction.
Emphasis is placed on societies of developing countries.
Emphasis is placed on socioeconomic systems and the contradictions they generate.
Emphasis is placed on sociological theories that explain deviant behavior.
Emphasis is placed on sociological theory and the methodology of sociological inquiry.
Emphasis is placed on soft goods and fashion-driven products.
Emphasis is placed on software and hardware evaluation, installation, training, and support.
Emphasis is placed on software applications.
Emphasis is placed on software development techniques for more complex applications.
Emphasis is placed on software implications of hardware structures.
Emphasis is placed on software organization.
Emphasis is placed on software rather than hardware.
Emphasis is placed on soil fertility and soil management inputs.
Emphasis is placed on soil landscapes and the field study of soils.
Emphasis is placed on soil types in Illinois and appropriate conservation practices.
Emphasis is placed on soils, water, geology, forestry, wildlife, and marine life.
Emphasis is placed on solar wind acceleration and the mass flux problems.
Emphasis is placed on solo improvisation as well as carefully rehearsed ensemble playing.
Emphasis is placed on solution strategies rather than computational practice.
Emphasis is placed on solutions of chemical problems.
Emphasis is placed on solving a variety of challenging problems, some requiring calculus.
Emphasis is placed on solving applied problems using statistical analysis with computer software.
Emphasis is placed on solving challenging typographic problems.
Emphasis is placed on solving circuit problems using complex numbers.
Emphasis is placed on solving hardware problems using the various diagnostic tools is available.
Emphasis is placed on solving materials and corrosion problems throughout the industry worldwide.
Emphasis is placed on solving problems in neurobiology with biochemical techniques.
Emphasis is placed on solving problems of a technological nature.
Emphasis is placed on solving problems of financial policy that managers face.
Emphasis is placed on solving problems typical of the construction field.
Emphasis is placed on solving technical mathematical problems.
Emphasis is placed on solving word problems.
Emphasis is placed on sound decision making developed through a continuum of experiences.
Emphasis is placed on sound functional cattle that work both in the show ring and in the pasture.
Emphasis is placed on sound knowledge and attitudes toward one's health.
Emphasis is placed on sound methods of fixing belief and determining values.
Emphasis is placed on sound nutrition for all ages through a better understanding of nutrients.
Emphasis is placed on sound nutrition for all ages through a better understanding of the nutrients.
Emphasis is placed on sound support, amplification, and mixing.
Emphasis is placed on sounds, rhythms, terminology, and body placement.
Emphasis is placed on sounds, useful vocabulary and practical dialogue.
Emphasis is placed on source materials, research and writing.
Emphasis is placed on sources for oral material and tools and techniques employed by storytellers.
Emphasis is placed on sources, properties and uses of fertilizers and other soil amendments.
Emphasis is placed on space, form, materials, structural system, and architectural standards.
Emphasis is placed on spacial awareness, team work, and dancing as a group.
Emphasis is placed on Spain and there are links to simiar sites.
Emphasis is placed on spatial diffusion, human-Environmental interaction, and cultural landscapes.
Emphasis is placed on speaking and listening comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on speaking and reading skills.
Emphasis is placed on speaking and writing creatively in Spanish on a variety of topics.
Emphasis is placed on speaking and writing proper English.
Emphasis is placed on speaking skill for use in daily conversation.
Emphasis is placed on speaking, listening, reading, and writing with near-native proficiency.
Emphasis is placed on speaking, reading, writing, and oral comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on special issues that affect women in staying active and healthy.
Emphasis is placed on specialized transcription features.
Emphasis is placed on specimen preparation, instrumentation and analysis.
Emphasis is placed on speech and language development, articulation problems, and stuttering.
Emphasis is placed on speech patterns, culture and civilization.
Emphasis is placed on speed and accuracy in keyboarding alphabetic, symbol, and numeric information.
Emphasis is placed on speed building and accuracy improvement.
Emphasis is placed on speed building through the use of speed-building exercises and applications.
Emphasis is placed on speed, alcohol and seat belt wearing.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, defining, developing, and pronouncing anatomical and medical terms.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, definition and usage with opportunity for pronunciation practice.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, definition, proper use and pronunciation.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, definition, usage and pronunciation.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, definition, usage, and pronunciation.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, definitions, usage, and pronunciation.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, grammar, form, speed, and accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, pronunciation, and meanings of prefixes, suffixes, and roots.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, punctuation, definitions, and usage.
Emphasis is placed on spelling, translating to English, and pronouncing terms.
Emphasis is placed on spine, skull, biliary, urinary and digestive examinations.
Emphasis is placed on spontaneous and natural oral and written expression.
Emphasis is placed on sports injuries, pain, and occupational medicine.
Emphasis is placed on sportsmanship and teamwork.
Emphasis is placed on staff being adequately trained for the new system.
Emphasis is placed on staff collaboration to achieve school improvement.
Emphasis is placed on stain and odor removal.
Emphasis is placed on Standard inputmathematical patterns occurring in real life situations.
Emphasis is placed on standard sheet metal sizes, gages, and tolerances.
Emphasis is placed on standard tests of intelligence, aptitudes, and interests.
Emphasis is placed on standards for puberal bulls up to two years of age.
Emphasis is placed on standards, objectives, procedures, and professional judgment.
Emphasis is placed on starting , leading and ending groups.
Emphasis is placed on state and local tax issues.
Emphasis is placed on state space analysis for estimation and control theory applications.
Emphasis is placed on static and dynamic data structures.
Emphasis is placed on statistical analysis, data presentation, and technical writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on statistical logic and decision making.
Emphasis is placed on statistical reasoning and the uses and misuses of statistics.
Emphasis is placed on statistical sampling and auditing computerized systems.
Emphasis is placed on statistical tests and the design of a sound research protocol.
Emphasis is placed on statutory materials, regulations, rulings and judicial decisions.
Emphasis is placed on staying focused and organized.
Emphasis is placed on staying for a while in one place to absorb the culture.
Emphasis is placed on stereochemistry, reaction mechanisms, and methods of instrumental analysis.
Emphasis is placed on stereochemistry.
Emphasis is placed on stimulating students imaginations and visual perceptions.
Emphasis is placed on stockholder's equity in the study of corporate accounting.
Emphasis is placed on strategic and diplomatic considerations.
Emphasis is placed on strategic decision-making skills as opposed to tactical skills.
Emphasis is placed on strategies designed to attract women and minorities for campus position.
Emphasis is placed on strategies that have scientific support for claims of efficacy.
Emphasis is placed on strategy instruction within the students' course content.
Emphasis is placed on strategy issues.
Emphasis is placed on strategy, singles, and doubles play, rules, and special strokes.
Emphasis is placed on strength of academic performance, community service, and leadership.
Emphasis is placed on strengthening academics and state and local flexibility in the use of funds.
Emphasis is placed on strengthening financial decision-making skills.
Emphasis is placed on strengthening technique, stamina and pointe work where appropriate.
Emphasis is placed on strengthening the existing relationships through mutual trust and respect.
Emphasis is placed on stretching and attaining each individual's target heart rate.
Emphasis is placed on stretching, ballet barre, jazz, tap, and folk dance fundamentals.
Emphasis is placed on striking and controlling the arc, and proper fit up of fillet joints.
Emphasis is placed on stringent evaluation criteria.
Emphasis is placed on strong topic sentences with good controlling ideas and support.
Emphasis is placed on structural and functional relationships within the brain and spinal cord.
Emphasis is placed on structural and functional relationships.
Emphasis is placed on structural design, redesign, and reorganization.
Emphasis is placed on structural principles.
Emphasis is placed on structural relationships between tissues and on the interstitial environment.
Emphasis is placed on structural steel and concrete design.
Emphasis is placed on structure and development and associated physiological phenomena.
Emphasis is placed on structure and evolution of the major tissues of vascular plants.
Emphasis is placed on structure and function of the human body.
Emphasis is placed on structure and reaction mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on structure charts.
Emphasis is placed on structure determination and hands-on experience with chemical instrumentation.
Emphasis is placed on structure identification.
Emphasis is placed on structure, functional morphology, physiology, ecology, and evolution.
Emphasis is placed on structure, life cycle, physiology, and immunity.
Emphasis is placed on structure, nomenclature, oxidation numbers and the mole concept.
Emphasis is placed on structured and modular programming techniques.
Emphasis is placed on structured Bible study.
Emphasis is placed on structured design, coding and file processing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on structured program design techniques and program modularity.
Emphasis is placed on structured program design.
Emphasis is placed on structured programming techniques and applications.
Emphasis is placed on structured programming throughout the course.
Emphasis is placed on structure-function correlates.
Emphasis is placed on structure-function relationships at the cell and tissue levels.
Emphasis is placed on structuring and solving business problems using end user computing technology.
Emphasis is placed on structuring and solving practical problems encountered in business.
Emphasis is placed on structuring material for efficient access.
Emphasis is placed on student achievement and the mastery of academic fundamentals.
Emphasis is placed on student classroom strategies.
Emphasis is placed on student exploration of future parks and recreation program planning trends.
Emphasis is placed on student interactions, concrete examples and student conceptions.
Emphasis is placed on student involvement in class exercises and discussions.
Emphasis is placed on student laboratory experiences.
Emphasis is placed on student leadership and involvement.
Emphasis is placed on student leadership opportunities and involvement.
Emphasis is placed on student needs.
Emphasis is placed on student oral presentations.
Emphasis is placed on student participation and evaluation of each topic.
Emphasis is placed on student participation in a creative activity.
Emphasis is placed on student participation in questions, discussions and sensory sessions.
Emphasis is placed on student participation that fosters experiential learning.
Emphasis is placed on student production of office-quality documents.
Emphasis is placed on student production.
Emphasis is placed on student products and projects.
Emphasis is placed on student responsibility, homework, and a positive attitude toward learning.
Emphasis is placed on student understanding of conceptual bases of dominant counseling models.
Emphasis is placed on student-centred activities.
Emphasis is placed on student-faculty interaction on research and community projects.
Emphasis is placed on students' application of concepts to real life cases.
Emphasis is placed on students being in the active role.
Emphasis is placed on students' capacities to link form and idea.
Emphasis is placed on students developing a body of work that is interrelated.
Emphasis is placed on students developing skills vital to future academic success.
Emphasis is placed on students developing their own personal definition and style of art therapy.
Emphasis is placed on students' knowledge of basic meat processing techniques.
Emphasis is placed on students leaning to create their own inner sanctuary.
Emphasis is placed on students learning computer and communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on students participating in actual or simulated job and production situations.
Emphasis is placed on students' personal experiences as the source of artistic motivation.
Emphasis is placed on students' rights and the responsibilities that ensue.
Emphasis is placed on students who wish to become educators.
Emphasis is placed on studies in applied ecology.
Emphasis is placed on studies in which exposures took place during the period of organogenesis.
Emphasis is placed on studies of contemporary research papers.
Emphasis is placed on studies that expose students to a variety of research methodologies.
Emphasis is placed on studio performance of weather casts.
Emphasis is placed on study habits and class participation.
Emphasis is placed on study habits, note taking and notebook organization.
Emphasis is placed on study habits, note taking, and notebook organization.
Emphasis is placed on study skills and critical thinking.
Emphasis is placed on study skills and reading strategies.
Emphasis is placed on study skills, reading strategies, and reading flexibility.
Emphasis is placed on study strategies, time management and course content.
Emphasis is placed on studying vision changes associated with diseases in their earliest stages.
Emphasis is placed on style development as it relates to political, economic, and social forces.
Emphasis is placed on style development as it relates to social, economic and political forces.
Emphasis is placed on style development as it relates to social, economic and political influences.
Emphasis is placed on style development as it relates to social, economic, and political forces.
Emphasis is placed on style development as it relates to social, economic, and political influences.
Emphasis is placed on style in design and decoration.
Emphasis is placed on style of performance, including ornamentation and continuo realization.
Emphasis is placed on styles of presentation and techniques for effective communication.
Emphasis is placed on stylistic analysis of representative landmark works.
Emphasis is placed on subject matter appropriate to business.
Emphasis is placed on subject matter appropriate to culinary technology.
Emphasis is placed on subject matter appropriate to environmental science technology.
Emphasis is placed on subject matter appropriate to management of the healthcare industry.
Emphasis is placed on subject matter appropriate to the program or discipline.
Emphasis is placed on subservience to the group, depot being totally drained.
Emphasis is placed on substance abuse along with specific programs for the dual diagnosed veteran.
Emphasis is placed on such areas as sensors, actuators, and fuel management.
Emphasis is placed on supercritical processes.
Emphasis is placed on superior customer care.
Emphasis is placed on supervision, instruction, group, consultation, research and evaluation skills.
Emphasis is placed on supervisory responsibilities and functions.
Emphasis is placed on support, accountability, and encouragement.
Emphasis is placed on support, pressure, read and react, and transition.
Emphasis is placed on supporting and enhancing technical communications with computer technology.
Emphasis is placed on supporting the person to have the quality of life they want.
Emphasis is placed on surgical critical care and operative technique.
Emphasis is placed on symbolic systems, rather than connectionist systems.
Emphasis is placed on symbolic, numerical, and graphical approaches to theory and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on syntax, grammatical terminology, prescriptive, and descriptive grammar.
Emphasis is placed on synthesizer programming and advanced sequencer techniques.
Emphasis is placed on synthetic application and organic reactions.
Emphasis is placed on system design and layout as well as installation practices.
Emphasis is placed on system performance and image evaluation.
Emphasis is placed on systematic approaches to software engineering and the software life cycle.
Emphasis is placed on systems already in use.
Emphasis is placed on systems consultation to the faculty, staff, and administration of the school.
Emphasis is placed on systems studies, design, development, implementation, and maintenance.
Emphasis is placed on systems such as training, competency and verification.
Emphasis is placed on systems that sustain productivity and environmental quality.
Emphasis is placed on systems theory and recent theoretical developments.
Emphasis is placed on systems, controls, operations, and the computer as an audit tool.
Emphasis is placed on tailoring the interview day to the individual applicant.
Emphasis is placed on taking care of survey equipment and on developing speed in using it.
Emphasis is placed on taking care of survey equipment, and on developing speed in using it.
Emphasis is placed on talking, following through, and making everything look perfect.
Emphasis is placed on tapping into students' prior knowledge about a story concept.
Emphasis is placed on targeting children at risk in the Polk County area.
Emphasis is placed on tasks which can be performed by paralegals.
Emphasis is placed on tax planning and preparation of various tax forms.
Emphasis is placed on tax planning, problem solving and research.
Emphasis is placed on tax planning, problem solving, and research.
Emphasis is placed on taxonomy, morphology, physiology, ecology, and evolution.
Emphasis is placed on teacher training activities and information exchange.
Emphasis is placed on teachers, garment and clerical workers.
Emphasis is placed on teaching a balanced curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on teaching a child that they can make life happen for themselves.
Emphasis is placed on teaching a variety of art techniques and coordinating art activities.
Emphasis is placed on teaching accountability, personal responsibility, and character development.
Emphasis is placed on teaching all language skills using an integrative model.
Emphasis is placed on teaching computer languages, and using application and educational software.
Emphasis is placed on teaching excellence in the context of our Christian heritage.
Emphasis is placed on teaching in urban schools and within collaborative situations.
Emphasis is placed on teaching methods to fulfill psychomotor, cognitive, and affective objectives.
Emphasis is placed on teaching skills and content in an integrated manner.
Emphasis is placed on teaching students to recognize and manage basic clinical problems.
Emphasis is placed on teaching styles, organization of movement activities, and program evaluation.
Emphasis is placed on teaching techniques, learning theory and setting up a class.
Emphasis is placed on teaching teens how to talk about sexuality with partners.
Emphasis is placed on teaching the horse obedience.
Emphasis is placed on teaching the methods and techniques in solving research problems.
Emphasis is placed on teaching the patient to avoid substances that trigger the allergic symptoms.
Emphasis is placed on teaching trading styles, identifying weaknesses, and more.
Emphasis is placed on teaching, but research is strongly encouraged and supported.
Emphasis is placed on teaching-learning interventions and the application of the nursing process.
Emphasis is placed on team building and critical thinking necessary for managerial decisions.
Emphasis is placed on team building, student self-esteem, and technology integration.
Emphasis is placed on team concept as well as individual personal development.
Emphasis is placed on team preparation and team skills.
Emphasis is placed on team sports but includes some individual and dual sports as well.
Emphasis is placed on team-building skills, on partnership with schools, and on tutorial support.
Emphasis is placed on teamwork and executive-style presentations.
Emphasis is placed on teamwork and group efforts.
Emphasis is placed on teamwork and having fun, rather than on competition.
Emphasis is placed on teamwork and problem solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on teamwork on complex projects and oral and written communication of results.
Emphasis is placed on teamwork skills when working in the kitchen.
Emphasis is placed on teamwork, mutual respect, trust, and integrity.
Emphasis is placed on teamwork, respect, trust, and cooperation.
Emphasis is placed on technical competence in all phases of darkroom techniques.
Emphasis is placed on technical dental terminology as well as occlusion.
Emphasis is placed on technical proficiency, aesthetic judgments and pre-press requirements.
Emphasis is placed on technical proficiency, aesthetic judgments, and pre-press requirements.
Emphasis is placed on technical proficiency, deadlines and creative response.
Emphasis is placed on technical report-writing and oral report presentation.
Emphasis is placed on technical skills and medical procedures.
Emphasis is placed on technical style and use of appropriate intrinsic functions.
Emphasis is placed on technical support management techniques and support technologies.
Emphasis is placed on technical writing, graphical presentation and oral communication.
Emphasis is placed on technique and form.
Emphasis is placed on technique and general methods.
Emphasis is placed on technique and the development of problem solving abilities.
Emphasis is placed on technique as well as solo and orchestral literature.
Emphasis is placed on technique, accuracy, and precision.
Emphasis is placed on technique, game rules and scoring.
Emphasis is placed on techniques and practices related to children.
Emphasis is placed on techniques and styles and the exploration and study of appropriate literature.
Emphasis is placed on techniques commonly used in industrial data analysis.
Emphasis is placed on techniques evaluating cost, durability, and end use of textile products.
Emphasis is placed on techniques for accommodating multiple perspectives on data within a schema.
Emphasis is placed on techniques for classroom instruction.
Emphasis is placed on techniques for continued education.
Emphasis is placed on techniques for estimating jobs.
Emphasis is placed on techniques for helping students develop problem-solving strategies.
Emphasis is placed on techniques for identifying and teaching such learners in a classroom.
Emphasis is placed on techniques for isolation and characterization of proteins and enzymes.
Emphasis is placed on techniques for working with the adolescent.
Emphasis is placed on techniques of listening.
Emphasis is placed on techniques of visual analysis and on art historical methods.
Emphasis is placed on techniques related to the advertising business.
Emphasis is placed on techniques required to be successful in competitive horse events.
Emphasis is placed on techniques used in collision repair facilities.
Emphasis is placed on techniques used in the carpentry profession.
Emphasis is placed on techniques, efficiency, patient contact and personal and professional growth.
Emphasis is placed on technological, environmental and managerial points of view.
Emphasis is placed on technologies playing a dominant role in the explosion of Web technologies.
Emphasis is placed on tectonics and flowing water.
Emphasis is placed on temperament, correct conformation, and genetic soundness.
Emphasis is placed on temperate plants.
Emphasis is placed on terminology and technical production practices.
Emphasis is placed on terminology pertinent to radiology.
Emphasis is placed on terminology, major concepts and theories, and major divisions of psychology.
Emphasis is placed on terminology, material, and typical fastening techniques.
Emphasis is placed on test equipment, component functions, and theory.
Emphasis is placed on testing, evaluation, and calibration of the fluoroscopic system.
Emphasis is placed on test-taking, study skills, and an introduction to the Internet.
Emphasis is placed on textbook reading, vocabulary development, and comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on texts considered classics in the western tradition.
Emphasis is placed on the ability of students to work in production crews.
Emphasis is placed on the ability to analyze and instruct the associated movement skills.
Emphasis is placed on the ability to analyze critically the literature.
Emphasis is placed on the ability to anticipate and manage change.
Emphasis is placed on the ability to communicate with and achieve consensus among diverse groups.
Emphasis is placed on the ability to focus imagination through movement.
Emphasis is placed on the ability to identify impurities and the correct monomer composition.
Emphasis is placed on the ability to logically analyze and present business data.
Emphasis is placed on the ability to synthesize knowledge.
Emphasis is placed on the above described categories.
Emphasis is placed on the above-described categories.
Emphasis is placed on the academic qualifications of the student.
Emphasis is placed on the accounting and mathematics of the escrow.
Emphasis is placed on the accounting cycle.
Emphasis is placed on the achievement of a high standard in reading, writing and arithmetic.
Emphasis is placed on the achievement of personal best records.
Emphasis is placed on the acoustic nature of speech and the perception of spoken information.
Emphasis is placed on the acquiring the skills necessary to succeed in college.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition of a broad vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition of basic business vocabulary and on oral communication.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition of basic research expertise as part of leadership training.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition of basic structures, vocabulary, and sound systems.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition of current monographic materials.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition of grammar skills with instruction at each grade level.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition of new vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition of practical experience in diagnostic pathology.
Emphasis is placed on the acquisition, allocation, control and transfer of capital resources.
Emphasis is placed on the active involvement of the parties involved on an informal basis.
Emphasis is placed on the active use of spoken language with frequent oral and written drills.
Emphasis is placed on the actual campaign for a school board seat.
Emphasis is placed on the actual development, evaluation, and approval of advertisements.
Emphasis is placed on the actual practice of administration.
Emphasis is placed on the actual use of the computer in education and in health care delivery.
Emphasis is placed on the administration of a media services program.
Emphasis is placed on the advanced skills of listening, speaking, writing and reading.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of arguments in propositional and quantificational logic.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of current policy problems and proposed solutions.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of data and the substantive interpretation of results.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of everyday arguments.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of financial options and futures.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of major mass media strategies, tactics, and planning.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of organizations and their external environment.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of small scale non-western societies.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis of time series as well as cross sectional data.
Emphasis is placed on the analysis, interpretation and evaluation of historical writing.
Emphasis is placed on the anatomical relationships with each region.
Emphasis is placed on the anatomy and physiology of the musculoskeletal system.
Emphasis is placed on the appearance of primary tissues and the major organ systems.
Emphasis is placed on the applicable analytical methods.
Emphasis is placed on the applicant's research qualifications in relation to the research area.
Emphasis is placed on the application and effective role of the case aide.
Emphasis is placed on the application and interrelationship of the concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the application and necessary supplemental information.
Emphasis is placed on the application and use of theoretical knowledge.
Emphasis is placed on the application of basic principles of ophthalmic diagnosis and therapy.
Emphasis is placed on the application of behavioural knowledge to improve animal production systems.
Emphasis is placed on the application of biological theory to problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on the application of computing technology to solve business problems.
Emphasis is placed on the application of concepts to current environmental issues.
Emphasis is placed on the application of curriculum to field situations.
Emphasis is placed on the application of econometric studies.
Emphasis is placed on the application of economic analysis to various environmental issues.
Emphasis is placed on the application of economic models to analyze policy problems.
Emphasis is placed on the application of financial decision making tools for managers.
Emphasis is placed on the application of genetic principles to human health and disease.
Emphasis is placed on the application of geographic knowledge to educational pursuits.
Emphasis is placed on the application of good graphic design theory on all assignments.
Emphasis is placed on the application of marketing concepts and foundations.
Emphasis is placed on the application of math to the real world.
Emphasis is placed on the application of numerical methods to the solution of engineering problems.
Emphasis is placed on the application of physical chemical principles to the life sciences.
Emphasis is placed on the application of physics to modern problems and technology.
Emphasis is placed on the application of practical strategies to optimum health and well-being.
Emphasis is placed on the application of science to the real world.
Emphasis is placed on the application of skills and knowledge with practical experiences.
Emphasis is placed on the application of statistical method of research design.
Emphasis is placed on the application of statistical method to research design.
Emphasis is placed on the application of statistical theory to executive decision support systems.
Emphasis is placed on the application of testing procedures.
Emphasis is placed on the application of the Bill of Rights and the Fourteenth Amendment.
Emphasis is placed on the application of the law to the situations of individuals and businesses.
Emphasis is placed on the application of the models through the use of case studies.
Emphasis is placed on the application of the nursing pr ocess in working with the elderly.
Emphasis is placed on the application of the principles of inference to arguments of various sorts.
Emphasis is placed on the application of the scientific method to the investigative process.
Emphasis is placed on the application of the theoretical concepts of management.
Emphasis is placed on the application of theory and knowledge in solving practical problems.
Emphasis is placed on the application of theory and on case analysis.
Emphasis is placed on the application of theory and research during legal proceedings.
Emphasis is placed on the application of theory to practice.
Emphasis is placed on the application of various methods to understanding human spatial behaviour.
Emphasis is placed on the applications of digital signal processing.
Emphasis is placed on the applications of mathematics to topics in economic theory.
Emphasis is placed on the applicaton of computer-based electronics in solving acoustical problems.
Emphasis is placed on the applied and practical aspects of science and engineering.
Emphasis is placed on the applied aspects of trade policy.
Emphasis is placed on the approach to problems.
Emphasis is placed on the appropriate management of patients requiring mechanical ventilation.
Emphasis is placed on the appropriate use and proper preparation of web-based multimedia.
Emphasis is placed on the areas of abuse and neglect and how they foster mental illness.
Emphasis is placed on the aromatic series of organic compounds and synthetic organic chemistry.
Emphasis is placed on the art and science of aerial photo interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on the art of Africa, India and China from a historical perspective.
Emphasis is placed on the art of drawing as a completed aesthetic statement.
Emphasis is placed on the art of singing a cappella.
Emphasis is placed on the art traditions of East, West and Central Africa.
Emphasis is placed on the assembly language programming of microprocessors.
Emphasis is placed on the assessing the applicant's competency for certification.
Emphasis is placed on the assessment and treatment of child psychopathology.
Emphasis is placed on the assessment of the young child's developmental needs.
Emphasis is placed on the assessment skills of inspection, palpation, percussion and auscultation.
Emphasis is placed on the assessment, selection and training of workers and manager.
Emphasis is placed on the association between different areas of study rather than isolated details.
Emphasis is placed on the audio-lingual approach.
Emphasis is placed on the auditor's role as an educator in the course of achieving compliance.
Emphasis is placed on the awakening of intellectual curiosity through experience based programs.
Emphasis is placed on the awareness of frequently used techniques in numerical analyses.
Emphasis is placed on the baccalaureate approach to nursing education.
Emphasis is placed on the balance of body, mind and spirit.
Emphasis is placed on the balance sheet.
Emphasis is placed on the Baroque outlook and the historical conditions of the period.
Emphasis is placed on the basic chemical and physical properties of soil.
Emphasis is placed on the basic chemical and physical properties of soils.
Emphasis is placed on the basic drawing, editing, display, dimensioning and block commands.
Emphasis is placed on the basic elements required for survival as well as on survival skills.
Emphasis is placed on the basic function and operation of semiconductor and integrated circuits.
Emphasis is placed on the basic fundamentals of good performance.
Emphasis is placed on the basic issues involved in attaining a personal and mature Christian faith.
Emphasis is placed on the basic knowledge a trainee needs to function safely around aircraft.
Emphasis is placed on the basic practice of journalism and on writing with clarity.
Emphasis is placed on the basic principles and priorities of the software process.
Emphasis is placed on the basic principles of diagnosis and treatment.
Emphasis is placed on the basic principles of good design and their application.
Emphasis is placed on the basic principles of nutrition.
Emphasis is placed on the basic science mechanisms underlying periodontic and orthodontic therapies.
Emphasis is placed on the basic techniques and fundamentals of wrestling.
Emphasis is placed on the basic terminology and procedures and emergency operations.
Emphasis is placed on the basic writing skills applied to various forms of business communications.
Emphasis is placed on the basics of baseball as well as good sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on the basics of musicianship and performance.
Emphasis is placed on the basics of playing an instrument.
Emphasis is placed on the basics of softball as well as good sportsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on the basics of throwing, running, and understanding the concepts of baseball.
Emphasis is placed on the best interests of the individual family.
Emphasis is placed on the Bible, activities, crafts, gymnastics and storytime.
Emphasis is placed on the biochemistry of mammals and the variations that occur in disease.
Emphasis is placed on the biochemistry, physiology and analysis of plant hormones.
Emphasis is placed on the biogeochemical cycling of plant nutrients and important soil contaminants.
Emphasis is placed on the biological and chemical sciences.
Emphasis is placed on the biological effects of ionizing radiation and on patient protection.
Emphasis is placed on the biology and ecology of both plants and animals.
Emphasis is placed on the body's homeostatic control mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on the broad variety of music particular to American culture.
Emphasis is placed on the building of a visual vocabulary and on maintaining a portfolio of work.
Emphasis is placed on the business application of the C programming environment.
Emphasis is placed on the business organization, human relations factors, and case studies.
Emphasis is placed on the cardiorespiratory, musculoskeletal, and nervous systems.
Emphasis is placed on the cardiovascular, respiratory, nervous, and endocrine systems.
Emphasis is placed on the care and treatment for patients requiring root planing and scaling.
Emphasis is placed on the care issues of feeding, diapering, napping, and early development.
Emphasis is placed on the care of the client in the long-term setting.
Emphasis is placed on the care of the mother as well as care of the fetus and newborn.
Emphasis is placed on the care of the whole patient.
Emphasis is placed on the careful reading of primary texts.
Emphasis is placed on the case study approach and analytical reasoning.
Emphasis is placed on the case study approach and ethical decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on the case study approach and ethical desicion-making.
Emphasis is placed on the causes and consequences of technological change.
Emphasis is placed on the change from colonies to mature provinces.
Emphasis is placed on the changing geography of the world.
Emphasis is placed on the changing nature of occupations in post-industrial societies.
Emphasis is placed on the changing nature of the international management challenge.
Emphasis is placed on the changing personal growth issues which the developing adult faces.
Emphasis is placed on the characteristics and processes of living organisims.
Emphasis is placed on the chemistry of arid land soils.
Emphasis is placed on the child as a member of a family group.
Emphasis is placed on the child to adolescence.
Emphasis is placed on the children's own ideas with a view to minimising adult input.
Emphasis is placed on the Christian viewpoint as it relates to contemporary theatre.
Emphasis is placed on the chronology, styles, periods, context, and meaning in art.
Emphasis is placed on the clan system and on the family relationships imposed by that system.
Emphasis is placed on the classification of crime and criminal acts.
Emphasis is placed on the clerical functions within the health information department.
Emphasis is placed on the clinical application of cardiovascular diagnostics.
Emphasis is placed on the clinical considerations for fluoride selection and use.
Emphasis is placed on the clinical management pertinent to physical therapy practice.
Emphasis is placed on the clinical significance of the structures and processes being studied.
Emphasis is placed on the clinical signs, radiological studies and pathological findings.
Emphasis is placed on the clinical use of drugs in the management of specific illnesses.
Emphasis is placed on the close interrelationships of the various business functions and operations.
Emphasis is placed on the collecting and manipulating of experimental data.
Emphasis is placed on the collection of northern information.
Emphasis is placed on the common carriers liability vs. shippers and receivers responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed on the common ear, nose, and throat problems.
Emphasis is placed on the common principles of absorption and relaxation techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the common problems of patients through the lifecycle.
Emphasis is placed on the commonalties of reading skills as related to specific content.
Emphasis is placed on the commonly performed serological tests.
Emphasis is placed on the community context of social work and the use of resources.
Emphasis is placed on the comparative biochemical aspects of microbial life.
Emphasis is placed on the comparative study of national political systems.
Emphasis is placed on the comparison of the various perspectives within historical contexts.
Emphasis is placed on the complementary flavours and nutritional requirements.
Emphasis is placed on the complex transition of metal compounds.
Emphasis is placed on the concept of nursing process.
Emphasis is placed on the concept that academics plus athletics can equal success in life.
Emphasis is placed on the concept that writing is putting one's thoughts on paper.
Emphasis is placed on the conception and creation of advertising presentations.
Emphasis is placed on the concepts and problem solving techniques of physics.
Emphasis is placed on the concepts involved in the critical consumption of educational research.
Emphasis is placed on the concepts of force, energy, torque, and momentum.
Emphasis is placed on the concepts of good design for improved communication.
Emphasis is placed on the concepts of sight, motion, time, and space.
Emphasis is placed on the concepts of strategic planning and strategic management.
Emphasis is placed on the concerns of and programs for adult female offenders.
Emphasis is placed on the connection between communication and technology.
Emphasis is placed on the connection between language developemnt and the development of literacy.
Emphasis is placed on the connection between language development and literacy.
Emphasis is placed on the conservation and restoration of plant communities and ecosystems.
Emphasis is placed on the constitutional background of the federal system.
Emphasis is placed on the content and the methodology of both history and politics.
Emphasis is placed on the context of philosophic, social, and theological concepts of the period.
Emphasis is placed on the continuum of Latin as well as native cultures.
Emphasis is placed on the contribution of exports to the local, state, and national economies.
Emphasis is placed on the control of chemical engineering processes.
Emphasis is placed on the control volume approach to problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on the conversion of materials into finished goods.
Emphasis is placed on the cooperative decision-making of patient, physician, and prosthetist.
Emphasis is placed on the coordination of structural and building systems.
Emphasis is placed on the coordination of the library program with the instructional programs.
Emphasis is placed on the core subject of English, mathematics and science.
Emphasis is placed on the correct use of procedures and parameters.
Emphasis is placed on the correlationbetween structure and function.
Emphasis is placed on the creation and use of relational databases.
Emphasis is placed on the creation of an original design.
Emphasis is placed on the creative and the technical aspect of drawing.
Emphasis is placed on the creative process that leads to problem solving, discovery, and invention.
Emphasis is placed on the creative use of photography as a means of personal expression.
Emphasis is placed on the creative use of photography in portraiture.
Emphasis is placed on the critical importance of tradition and perfection of rites.
Emphasis is placed on the critical review of research approaches and findings.
Emphasis is placed on the critique and utilization of nursing research.
Emphasis is placed on the cultural, religious, political, social and economic aspects of the period.
Emphasis is placed on the current sources of background and the experimental uncertainties.
Emphasis is placed on the decades of the sixties and seventies.
Emphasis is placed on the deception employed by cults during recruitment.
Emphasis is placed on the decisional aspects of accounting.
Emphasis is placed on the decision-making process.
Emphasis is placed on the definitions of the trigonometric functions.
Emphasis is placed on the demonstration and practice of a study-reading process.
Emphasis is placed on the demystification of people with difficulties.
Emphasis is placed on the depth to which the topics are covered.
Emphasis is placed on the description and analysis of recent and current economic policy.
Emphasis is placed on the design and analysis of medical ultrasound imaging systems.
Emphasis is placed on the design and implementation of the arts and crafts of technical theatre.
Emphasis is placed on the design of human studies and attention to titration accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on the design of individual and group exercise programs.
Emphasis is placed on the design of industrially important equipment.
Emphasis is placed on the design of mechanisms for performing specified tasks.
Emphasis is placed on the design process and individual projects.
Emphasis is placed on the design process in developing solutions for design projects.
Emphasis is placed on the design process involved in multimedia development.
Emphasis is placed on the desirability of a varied diet and the use of vegetables.
Emphasis is placed on the detection of Leishmania specific immune responses.
Emphasis is placed on the determination of taxable income of individuals and corporations.
Emphasis is placed on the development and analysis of drama.
Emphasis is placed on the development and analysis of efficient algorithms.
Emphasis is placed on the development and analysis of poetry.
Emphasis is placed on the development and analysis of short fiction.
Emphasis is placed on the development and analysis of the novel.
Emphasis is placed on the development and continuity of literary traditions.
Emphasis is placed on the development and implementation of monetary policy.
Emphasis is placed on the development and perfecting of technique.
Emphasis is placed on the development and revision of a one-act play.
Emphasis is placed on the development and synthesis of personal working methodologies.
Emphasis is placed on the development and the use of financial information reported to the public.
Emphasis is placed on the development of a balanced early childhood curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on the development of a computer application through life cycle methodology.
Emphasis is placed on the development of a professional attitude and presentation.
Emphasis is placed on the development of a simple but functional system.
Emphasis is placed on the development of analytical abilities.
Emphasis is placed on the development of analytical ability and other intellectual capabilities.
Emphasis is placed on the development of analytical tools that help in the decision making process.
Emphasis is placed on the development of applied skills in one or more of the business disciplines.
Emphasis is placed on the development of basic expressive and receptive skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of basic listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of basic listening, speaking, reading,and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of basic reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of basic skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of biomechanically sound strokes.
Emphasis is placed on the development of Black expression in literature and criticism.
Emphasis is placed on the development of both academic and vocational skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of both practical and theoretical skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of Canadian curators within an international context.
Emphasis is placed on the development of cities and problems of modern cities.
Emphasis is placed on the development of communication ethics, listening and leadership skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of communication skills and conflict management.
Emphasis is placed on the development of communication skills in English.
Emphasis is placed on the development of computer-based computation skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of conceptual skills of design analysis and interpretation.
Emphasis is placed on the development of consistency and accuracy in transliterating.
Emphasis is placed on the development of creative problem-solving skills and process.
Emphasis is placed on the development of demonstrated workplace literacy and numeracy skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of effective communication, managerial and supervisory skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of effective interpersonal relationship skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of efficient reading, writing and math skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of ensemble skills and individual instrumental technique.
Emphasis is placed on the development of formal proof techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the development of fundamental skills, as well as computer literacy.
Emphasis is placed on the development of fundamental skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of fundamental voice techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the development of good programming habits.
Emphasis is placed on the development of good reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of hands-on activities.
Emphasis is placed on the development of interpersonal competencies.
Emphasis is placed on the development of judicial systems and the policy making role of courts.
Emphasis is placed on the development of knowledge and skills in an area of interest to the student.
Emphasis is placed on the development of knowledge in an area of interest to the student.
Emphasis is placed on the development of knowledge, concepts, and problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of leadership and managerial skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of listening comprehension, speaking, reading and writing.
Emphasis is placed on the development of listening, speaking, and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of literacy skills and English in the workplace.
Emphasis is placed on the development of logical reasoning within the mathematical systems studied.
Emphasis is placed on the development of management and interpersonal skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of managerial and leadership skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of mathematical concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the development of methodologies that are rigorous and robust.
Emphasis is placed on the development of nationalism, capitalism, communism, socialism, and fascism.
Emphasis is placed on the development of oral and reading comprehension.
Emphasis is placed on the development of oral proficiency.
Emphasis is placed on the development of pattern making skills and grading patterns to change sizes.
Emphasis is placed on the development of personal glaze 'palette'.
Emphasis is placed on the development of physical assessment skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of practical strategies for change.
Emphasis is placed on the development of practical turf cultural programs.
Emphasis is placed on the development of problem solving ability in a complex environment.
Emphasis is placed on the development of problem solving skills using a programming language.
Emphasis is placed on the development of problem-solving techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the development of process and critical thinking skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of process rather than product.
Emphasis is placed on the development of production ability and mailable copy.
Emphasis is placed on the development of professional abilities and attitudes.
Emphasis is placed on the development of professionalism for the dental office.
Emphasis is placed on the development of programming methodology, algorithms, and data structures.
Emphasis is placed on the development of programs and management of data files.
Emphasis is placed on the development of programs and the management of data files.
Emphasis is placed on the development of reading, writing, and math.
Emphasis is placed on the development of real-world skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of reasoning and logical thinking through applications.
Emphasis is placed on the development of research design.
Emphasis is placed on the development of school and classroom practrice for diverse student needs.
Emphasis is placed on the development of singing skills and a commitment to quality performance.
Emphasis is placed on the development of skills and knowledge necessary for law school success.
Emphasis is placed on the development of skills required for macroeconomic analysis.
Emphasis is placed on the development of skills such as jumping, rodeo games, and trail riding.
Emphasis is placed on the development of small group leadership and participation competencies.
Emphasis is placed on the development of speaking and reading ability.
Emphasis is placed on the development of speaking, listening, reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of strong diagnostic skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of strong technical, communication and human relations skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of teamwork skills through collaborative opportunities.
Emphasis is placed on the development of technical and intellectual skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of technical skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of techniques of composing and editing business documents.
Emphasis is placed on the development of the artist's instrument and imagination.
Emphasis is placed on the development of the arts in Flanders and Germany.
Emphasis is placed on the development of the child's self esteem.
Emphasis is placed on the development of the nervous, cardiovascular and musculoskeletal systems.
Emphasis is placed on the development of the nurse as a sociopolitical advocate.
Emphasis is placed on the development of the residents' didactic and clinical teaching skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of the student's ideas in relation to experimental media.
Emphasis is placed on the development of the whole person.
Emphasis is placed on the development of writing and conceptual skills.
Emphasis is placed on the development of writing skills and interpretative analysis.
Emphasis is placed on the development of writing skills at sentence and paragraph level.
Emphasis is placed on the developmental aspect of families and on high-risk families.
Emphasis is placed on the developmental level of child, client, and family.
Emphasis is placed on the developmental patterns of adults.
Emphasis is placed on the developmental process which culminates in new theological trajectories.
Emphasis is placed on the developments that have contributed to Western civilization today.
Emphasis is placed on the devices, aids, and products used in home health care.
Emphasis is placed on the diagnosis and repair of automotive components.
Emphasis is placed on the diagnosis and treatment of pulpal and periapical pathosis.
Emphasis is placed on the diagnosis of parasitic infections from routine clinical specimens.
Emphasis is placed on the dialogue between revelation and human experience.
Emphasis is placed on the different depreciation methods and the disposal of assets.
Emphasis is placed on the different models of behavior.
Emphasis is placed on the differential diagnosis of each particular case.
Emphasis is placed on the direct involvement of indigenous and local peoples.
Emphasis is placed on the director's role in staff recruitment, hiring, development, and evaluation.
Emphasis is placed on the discipline of emotionally disturbed and behaviorally disordered students.
Emphasis is placed on the discovery and development of a personal vision.
Emphasis is placed on the discussion of diseases treated by physical therapists.
Emphasis is placed on the discussion of style, techniques, and challenges for first publications.
Emphasis is placed on the display of professional conduct and positive attitudes.
Emphasis is placed on the distinctive history and structure of American public administration.
Emphasis is placed on the disulfide bonds and alpha helices within the molecule.
Emphasis is placed on the diverse context in which managers use accounting information.
Emphasis is placed on the doctrine bases of meditation.
Emphasis is placed on the dynamic interaction of people, technology and organizations.
Emphasis is placed on the dynamics involved in personal salesmanship.
Emphasis is placed on the dynamics of relational communication.
Emphasis is placed on the dynamics of the interaction of the group.
Emphasis is placed on the early recognition and avoidance of problems.
Emphasis is placed on the earth s relation to the sun and moon.
Emphasis is placed on the economic loss and liabilities incurred as a result of traffic crashes.
Emphasis is placed on the economic selection of inventory systems and models.
Emphasis is placed on the editing and revision components of the writing process.
Emphasis is placed on the educational strategies that achieve social change.
Emphasis is placed on the effect of material and geometric nonlinearities in the modeling procedure.
Emphasis is placed on the effect of structure on reactions and reaction mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on the effect of Western influence on the world.
Emphasis is placed on the effect that methods have on costs and quality.
Emphasis is placed on the effect which past ideas have had on the evolution of biology.
Emphasis is placed on the effective techniques of personal selling.
Emphasis is placed on the effects of carcinogenic and cardiotoxic industrial chemicals.
Emphasis is placed on the effects of monetary policy and treasury operations.
Emphasis is placed on the effects of sex roles on individuals and on the society as a whole.
Emphasis is placed on the effects of societal and personal choices and their impact on the family.
Emphasis is placed on the effects of systemic diseases on the dental patient.
Emphasis is placed on the effects of U.S. influence on China's march towards modernization.
Emphasis is placed on the effects of unionism and government activities on the areas.
Emphasis is placed on the effort of both teachers and students in internet use.
Emphasis is placed on the elective concentration area.
Emphasis is placed on the elementary age and pre school student and the elderly.
Emphasis is placed on the emergence of values and institutions which shaped the major world empires.
Emphasis is placed on the emergency exits and escape plans.
Emphasis is placed on the employer's obligations and responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed on the enhancement of language skills in the context of life in today's Russia.
Emphasis is placed on the enjoyment and importance of reading with the help of magic.
Emphasis is placed on the enrichment of vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on the entire cycle of portfolio management, mostly at the institutional levels.
Emphasis is placed on the equipment and techniques used in hazardous rescue operations.
Emphasis is placed on the essential components of writing a legally defensible report.
Emphasis is placed on the ethical decision making process.
Emphasis is placed on the evaluation and design of residential dwellings.
Emphasis is placed on the evaluation of arguments through both informal and formal methods.
Emphasis is placed on the evaluation of students with disabilities.
Emphasis is placed on the evaluation of textiles intended for use as apparel and for interiors.
Emphasis is placed on the evolution of structures.
Emphasis is placed on the evolution of style, philosophical content, and historical relevance.
Emphasis is placed on the evolution of textile design and stylistic differences between cultures.
Emphasis is placed on the execution of designs through drafting.
Emphasis is placed on the experimental and investigative nature of science.
Emphasis is placed on the experimental and research literature.
Emphasis is placed on the experimental application as well as the theory of analytical methods.
Emphasis is placed on the exploration of expressive content using a variety of creative processes.
Emphasis is placed on the exploration of materials and approaches to drawing.
Emphasis is placed on the exploration of painting media through fundamental techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the extracellular matrix and the cytoskeleton.
Emphasis is placed on the fact that all knowledge and truth is divine in origin.
Emphasis is placed on the factors influencing costs and returns in poultry operations.
Emphasis is placed on the factors that promote mental and physical well being.
Emphasis is placed on the factors that promote mental and physical well-being.
Emphasis is placed on the family and community building.
Emphasis is placed on the family.
Emphasis is placed on the federal income tax law as it relates to corporations and partnerships.
Emphasis is placed on the federal level of government with detailed study of the Constitution.
Emphasis is placed on the few basic concepts of each social science.
Emphasis is placed on the fields of slope stability, pile foundation, seepage and soil dynamics.
Emphasis is placed on the final paper.
Emphasis is placed on the financial performance of business strategies.
Emphasis is placed on the financing of individual projects.
Emphasis is placed on the fire protection features of buildings.
Emphasis is placed on the firm, market structures, and resource allocation.
Emphasis is placed on the following areas.
Emphasis is placed on the form and content of financial statements.
Emphasis is placed on the forms of support used to develop an argument.
Emphasis is placed on the formulation of objectives for advertising programs.
Emphasis is placed on the four stroke cycle engine with other types covered.
Emphasis is placed on the function concept and the appropriate use of the language of mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on the function of major system components.
Emphasis is placed on the function of muscles in breathing and in the production of speech sounds.
Emphasis is placed on the function of the nervous system in health and sickness.
Emphasis is placed on the functional application of academic skills to life situations.
Emphasis is placed on the functioning of G-protein linked receptors.
Emphasis is placed on the functioning of human organ systems.
Emphasis is placed on the functions of organizing and leading.
Emphasis is placed on the functions of rural areas.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamental basics of technique.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamental equations, solution techniques, and practical application.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamental laws.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamental mechanisms that contribute to device performance.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamental mechanisms that contribute to devices performance.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamental operations with whole numbers, decimals, and common fractions.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamental principles and methods of geomorphology.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamental pro- cesses and their applications.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamentals of basketball and team competition.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamentals of civil engineering principles and design techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamentals of drawing.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamentals of electrical engineering, as well as advanced topics.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamentals of ISAM, VSAM and relative files organization.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamentals of literary theory as reflected in the works read.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamentals of management with a teamwork perspective.
Emphasis is placed on the fundamentals of reading music and playing an instrument.
Emphasis is placed on the futures and options markets to price livestock and grain commodities.
Emphasis is placed on the generation of a complete business plan for a new product or service.
Emphasis is placed on the generation of creative concepts and the development of craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed on the generation of ideas and concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the geographic grid, cartography, weather, climate, biogeography, and soils.
Emphasis is placed on the geology of Guam.
Emphasis is placed on the graphic communications necessary for the fabrication of structures.
Emphasis is placed on the group performance considerations posed by various genres of literature.
Emphasis is placed on the handler's timing of reinforcement.
Emphasis is placed on the handling of juveniles by police and the laws pertaining to juveniles.
Emphasis is placed on the hardware aspects from an overall systems viewpoint.
Emphasis is placed on the hardware aspects from overall systems viewpoint.
Emphasis is placed on the health promotion of clients with various minor health deviations.
Emphasis is placed on the health-related aspects of physical fitness.
Emphasis is placed on the heat source of the power cycle.
Emphasis is placed on the hematologic and oncologic specific aspects.
Emphasis is placed on the heritage and cultural diversity of the Southwest.
Emphasis is placed on the high-speed computer and telecommunications networks.
Emphasis is placed on the historical relationship between Latin America and the United States.
Emphasis is placed on the historical situation and events of the first century.
Emphasis is placed on the history and physical examination in a consulting service.
Emphasis is placed on the history of political reform and issues of democratization.
Emphasis is placed on the history of working people, women and minorities.
Emphasis is placed on the history of working people, women, immigrants and minorities.
Emphasis is placed on the holistic development of the student.
Emphasis is placed on the horticulturally important genera.
Emphasis is placed on the horticulturally valuable crops such as cut flowers and vegetables.
Emphasis is placed on the human aging process.
Emphasis is placed on the human body and the practical application of principles of heredity to man.
Emphasis is placed on the human figure.
Emphasis is placed on the humanistic, psychodynamic, behavioristic, and trait approaches.
Emphasis is placed on the ideas and subject determined by the student.
Emphasis is placed on the ideas that prevailed in different time periods.
Emphasis is placed on the identification and characterization of the various tumors.
Emphasis is placed on the identification of birds found in eastern South Dakota.
Emphasis is placed on the identification of hazardous materials and effective reporting systems.
Emphasis is placed on the identification of innovative solutions to transportation problems.
Emphasis is placed on the identification of skeletal and dental elements.
Emphasis is placed on the identification of the tax base and the taxpaying unit.
Emphasis is placed on the ideologies which underscore collecting policies and display presentations.
Emphasis is placed on the ideology forwarded by the movements since their inception.
Emphasis is placed on the immediate relevance and interest to the Grand County community.
Emphasis is placed on the immunologic mechanisms which lead to clinical disease.
Emphasis is placed on the impact of dissent in changing social values, customs, and institutions.
Emphasis is placed on the impact of divorce on the individual.
Emphasis is placed on the impact of language learning disabilities in academic performance.
Emphasis is placed on the impact of respiratory pattern on dosimetry.
Emphasis is placed on the impact of social change on stratification systems.
Emphasis is placed on the impact of the bureaucratic process on content of foreign policy.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of a downtown area and a sense of community.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of a systemic approach to achieve the vision.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of analysis of a client s file to identify remedies.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of change in the students' work.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of clarity of purpose in lesson planning.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of conserving our great Texas natural resources.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of efficient data structures in program development.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of parental support of the school's instructional efforts.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of proving conclusions using sound arguments.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of reproduction, growth and conformation.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of research to all facets of analysis and design.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of revision and writing as process.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of self-knowledge as a counselor for the grieving.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of setting goals and developing strong personal values.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of soils as a resource for plants.
Emphasis is placed on the importance of writing clear and concise surveillance reports.
Emphasis is placed on the importance, origin, growth, and distribution of food crop plants.
Emphasis is placed on the important leaders and issues of each era.
Emphasis is placed on the important technologies of ceramic, weaving, and metallurgical traditions.
Emphasis is placed on the improvement of craft in the execution of projects.
Emphasis is placed on the improvement of the student's leadership abilities.
Emphasis is placed on the incorporation of cognitive, behavioral psychological and physical goals.
Emphasis is placed on the indexing of journals published in the United States.
Emphasis is placed on the individual and team skills.
Emphasis is placed on the individual child being physically fit.
Emphasis is placed on the individual goals and needs of the poets assembled around the table.
Emphasis is placed on the individual non-business tax payer.
Emphasis is placed on the individual.
Emphasis is placed on the individual's contribution toward the highest of choral standards.
Emphasis is placed on the individual's development of expression.
Emphasis is placed on the individuals functional limitation as it relates to a specific job task.
Emphasis is placed on the individual's group and organizational relationships.
Emphasis is placed on the individual's personal vision throughout the program's course of study.
Emphasis is placed on the influence of growth and on the role of cultural pressures on behavior.
Emphasis is placed on the influence of mythology on English and American literature.
Emphasis is placed on the influences of artist and styles.
Emphasis is placed on the information processing approach to the study of mental life.
Emphasis is placed on the initial academic skills.
Emphasis is placed on the inquiry approach and the development of concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the insolvency law in practice.
Emphasis is placed on the instructor's role in the classroom and the delivery of content.
Emphasis is placed on the instrumental program with the vocal program.
Emphasis is placed on the integrated exercise responses of the body systems.
Emphasis is placed on the integrated relationship of cells and organs.
Emphasis is placed on the integration between managerial and technological inputs.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of computer-based technology into the curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of concepts through the use of comprehensive case problems.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of diverse treatment approaches.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of fundamental concepts with approaches of process design.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of human resource planning with corporate strategic planning.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of research design with analysis.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of the practical with the theoretical.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of theory and mechanical principles.
Emphasis is placed on the integration of theory and practice in the program.
Emphasis is placed on the intensive aspect of grazing.
Emphasis is placed on the inter- action of people, procedures, and equipment.
Emphasis is placed on the interaction between people and the physical process.
Emphasis is placed on the interaction effects between DC and software applications.
Emphasis is placed on the interaction of political, economic, and cultural factors.
Emphasis is placed on the interdependence of group and individual in social relationships.
Emphasis is placed on the interdisciplinary character and novelty of research.
Emphasis is placed on the interdisciplinary nature of environmental concerns.
Emphasis is placed on the interdisciplinary preparation of leadership personnel.
Emphasis is placed on the interfacing of electronic and fluidic systems.
Emphasis is placed on the internal controls in the system.
Emphasis is placed on the international student's facility with the English language.
Emphasis is placed on the interplay between normative and pathological development.
Emphasis is placed on the interplay of politics and jurisprudence in the operation of the courts.
Emphasis is placed on the interplay of race, class and gender in the United States.
Emphasis is placed on the interpretation and use of tests and on alternative means of assessment.
Emphasis is placed on the interpretation and use of tests.
Emphasis is placed on the interpretation of data and the communication of results.
Emphasis is placed on the interpretation of electron ionization mass spectra.
Emphasis is placed on the interpretation of literature and current experiences.
Emphasis is placed on the interpretation of weather phenomena and their effects on people.
Emphasis is placed on the interpretational limits of the routine methodologies.
Emphasis is placed on the interpretations and conclusions students derive from data.
Emphasis is placed on the interrelated elements of front desk operations.
Emphasis is placed on the interrelatedness and multidisciplinary nature of various finance topics.
Emphasis is placed on the interrelation of design with processing and material selection.
Emphasis is placed on the interrelationship of fundamentals, creative techniques, and exploration.
Emphasis is placed on the inter-relationship of political, social and economic developments.
Emphasis is placed on the interrelationship of the cardiopulmonary system.
Emphasis is placed on the interrelationship of the cardiopulmonary systems.
Emphasis is placed on the interrelationships of the technical to the sociocultural milieu.
Emphasis is placed on the inter-working of groups with cultural and social differences.
Emphasis is placed on the intramural level to encourage maximum participation.
Emphasis is placed on the invention of ideas, delivery, style and organization.
Emphasis is placed on the isolation and identification of pathogenic bacteria.
Emphasis is placed on the issues of leadership, motivation, communication and group problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on the issues of productivity, satisfaction, retention, and change.
Emphasis is placed on the kinematic and kinetic analysis of mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on the knowledge and skills for small business success.
Emphasis is placed on the knowledge and skills necessary for small business success.
Emphasis is placed on the laboratory experience.
Emphasis is placed on the laboratory.
Emphasis is placed on the language arts of mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on the language of science and evidence for our modern concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the language, style, and philosophic thought of Plato.
Emphasis is placed on the latest happenings in the justice field.
Emphasis is placed on the latest techniques in repairing damaged vechicles.
Emphasis is placed on the law of contracts, contract types, and the buyer s rights and limitations.
Emphasis is placed on the law of tort and contract.
Emphasis is placed on the leadership and management role of the junior officer in the fleet.
Emphasis is placed on the leadership role of postdoctoral trainees within the program.
Emphasis is placed on the learning experience involved in the student's business endeavor.
Emphasis is placed on the learning of basic commands used in building spatial data.
Emphasis is placed on the learning of physical and verbal skills for self-defense.
Emphasis is placed on the learning skills of listening, speaking, writing and reading.
Emphasis is placed on the lecture method of instruction.
Emphasis is placed on the legal basis of worker protection.
Emphasis is placed on the legitimate role of marketing within the context of electronic commerce.
Emphasis is placed on the levels of environmental quality within an organization.
Emphasis is placed on the links between literature and major contemporary cultural developments.
Emphasis is placed on the links between practice and theory.
Emphasis is placed on the listening, speaking, reading and writing skills of the language.
Emphasis is placed on the literary, cultural, and social developments of the time periods.
Emphasis is placed on the live performance, music arranging, and audio production.
Emphasis is placed on the local area which is studied on a number of field trips.
Emphasis is placed on the local students' art.
Emphasis is placed on the locating of names and addresses, language considerations and fees, etc.
Emphasis is placed on the logic and strategy of organic synthesis.
Emphasis is placed on the logic behind existing and future drug therapies in disease.
Emphasis is placed on the logical thought process involved in solutions to problems.
Emphasis is placed on the main contributions of Spain to the Western world.
Emphasis is placed on the major events, trends, and innovations in life history.
Emphasis is placed on the major motor and sensory pathways and their integrative mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on the mammal.
Emphasis is placed on the management and motivation of people in a highly dynamic culture.
Emphasis is placed on the management and therapy of common cutaneous disorders.
Emphasis is placed on the management aspect of the quality control system.
Emphasis is placed on the management of feeling through constructive expression.
Emphasis is placed on the management of lodging properties, and food and beverage establishments.
Emphasis is placed on the management of the public relations function.
Emphasis is placed on the management role in a political context.
Emphasis is placed on the managerial aspects of commercial banking.
Emphasis is placed on the managerial decisions required to start and maintain a small business.
Emphasis is placed on the manipulation and application of various products.
Emphasis is placed on the mastery of hand and power tools.
Emphasis is placed on the mastery of mathematical concepts, computation, and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on the mastery of vocabulary, morphology and syntax.
Emphasis is placed on the materials and processes of forming and finishing ceramic artwork.
Emphasis is placed on the materials role in governing the associated properties.
Emphasis is placed on the mathematical aspects of applied economics.
Emphasis is placed on the mathematical description of circuit behavior.
Emphasis is placed on the mathematics involved in various careers.
Emphasis is placed on the meachanics of algebra with real world applications and modeling.
Emphasis is placed on the meaningful and practical use of the foreign lanuage by students.
Emphasis is placed on the means of improving efficiency and lowering distribution costs.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanical analysis of motor and sports skills.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanics aspects at the interface of materials and mechanics disciplines.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanics of algebra with real world applications and modeling.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanics of algebra with real-life applications and modeling.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanics of algebra with real-world applications and modeling.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanics of correct transcribing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanics of structures, such as frames and mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanics of voice, body, emotion, and an analysis as tools for the actor.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanism of action of hormones, neurotransmitters, and growth factors.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanisms involved in controlling developmental change.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanisms of brain and endocrine system functioning.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanisms of heterocycle reactions.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanisms of homeostasis.
Emphasis is placed on the mechanistic approach to understanding organic reactions.
Emphasis is placed on the medical terminology using prefixes, suffixes, roots, and combining forms.
Emphasis is placed on the men of ideas in the worlds of scholarship and religion.
Emphasis is placed on the metabolism of biomolecules and the structure and function of membranes.
Emphasis is placed on the methodological problems of studying religion.
Emphasis is placed on the methods and approaches of the art historian.
Emphasis is placed on the methods and techniques used to develop contract cost and price estimates.
Emphasis is placed on the methods and techniques used to ensure an efficient on-schedule operation.
Emphasis is placed on the methods employed in the job search, the resume and the interview.
Emphasis is placed on the methods of genetic analysis used to study biological function.
Emphasis is placed on the micro-marketing perspective.
Emphasis is placed on the micronutrients and energy balance.
Emphasis is placed on the microscopic approach with an introduction to statistical mechanics.
Emphasis is placed on the mineralogy and physical chemistry of silicate and nonsilicate systems.
Emphasis is placed on the modelling cycle and particularly on model validation.
Emphasis is placed on the modelling of expertise.
Emphasis is placed on the models and algorithms for multi-programming computer operating systems.
Emphasis is placed on the molecular and cellular events underlying immunity.
Emphasis is placed on the molecular components of foods and their interactions.
Emphasis is placed on the more advanced practice of journalism and on writing specialized stories.
Emphasis is placed on the morning presentations.
Emphasis is placed on the most clinically-relevant regions.
Emphasis is placed on the most commonly treated speech, language, and hearing disorders.
Emphasis is placed on the most commonly used categories of drugs.
Emphasis is placed on the multidisciplinary and multifaceted nature of sports medicine.
Emphasis is placed on the multi-track console operation and the patch bay.
Emphasis is placed on the muscular, cardiovascular, and respiratory systems.
Emphasis is placed on the musculoskeletal and neuromuscular systems.
Emphasis is placed on the natural history of common dental diseases.
Emphasis is placed on the nature of campaigns and the impact of elections on government.
Emphasis is placed on the nature of science as an experimental discipline.
Emphasis is placed on the nature of scientific discovery and the processes of science.
Emphasis is placed on the nature of scientific thought and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on the nature of the environment.
Emphasis is placed on the nature of the evidence for ecological principles.
Emphasis is placed on the necessity for accuracy in recording transactions in business operations.
Emphasis is placed on the needs of each child through a daily, individualized work program.
Emphasis is placed on the needs of each child.
Emphasis is placed on the needs of special populations, such as women, adolescents, and minorities.
Emphasis is placed on the new technologies in the Internet related field.
Emphasis is placed on the non-academic services which are provided in the schools.
Emphasis is placed on the non-mathematical development and application.
Emphasis is placed on the normal physiological and psychological changes of pregnancy.
Emphasis is placed on the normalization of motor patterns.
Emphasis is placed on the notion of limit and of limiting processes.
Emphasis is placed on the nurse as coordinator and manager of resources.
Emphasis is placed on the nursing process and patient outcomes.
Emphasis is placed on the nursing process and supporting theories.
Emphasis is placed on the nursing process as the foundation of nursing practice.
Emphasis is placed on the nursing process in the critical care environment.
Emphasis is placed on the nursing process, diet and the safe administration of medications.
Emphasis is placed on the objective presentation of ideas and information.
Emphasis is placed on the oil and gas fields of the southern North Sea.
Emphasis is placed on the on-course aspects of golf.
Emphasis is placed on the on-site forecasting in shallow water.
Emphasis is placed on the operation and applications of standard integrated circuit chips.
Emphasis is placed on the operation of existing systems.
Emphasis is placed on the operation of office equipment and written and oral communications.
Emphasis is placed on the operation, maintenance, and repair of domestic refrigerators.
Emphasis is placed on the operation, service, and repair of residential air conditioning systems.
Emphasis is placed on the operator's role in planning and conducting tours.
Emphasis is placed on the order and method of the surveys and the surveyors involved.
Emphasis is placed on the organization and functions of the branches of government at each level.
Emphasis is placed on the organization and processing of data files.
Emphasis is placed on the organizational and behavioral dimensions of a quality management program.
Emphasis is placed on the organizational setting with hands-on experience.
Emphasis is placed on the origin of landforms and landscapes produced by glaciation.
Emphasis is placed on the origin, background and major themes of the various books.
Emphasis is placed on the origin, development and significance of such principles and concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the origins, development, and characteristics of the styles.
Emphasis is placed on the output from sub-Saharan countries.
Emphasis is placed on the paralegal in the working environment.
Emphasis is placed on the parallels of Euclidean and hyperbolic geometries.
Emphasis is placed on the parts of speech, subject-verb agreement, and mechanics.
Emphasis is placed on the past, present and future of extraordinary Jewish communities.
Emphasis is placed on the pathological processes.
Emphasis is placed on the patient taking responsibility for their own illnesses.
Emphasis is placed on the patient's presenting symptoms rather than the final diagnosis.
Emphasis is placed on the patient's response to common and less complex medical-surgical disorders.
Emphasis is placed on the people, culture, and concepts shaping the science of the Western world.
Emphasis is placed on the performance of original and contemporary student works.
Emphasis is placed on the performing aspects of theater.
Emphasis is placed on the periods of European exploration.
Emphasis is placed on the personal characteristics necessary for the role.
Emphasis is placed on the personal growth and development of the student toward individual goals.
Emphasis is placed on the pharmacological management of common disorders.
Emphasis is placed on the philosophy and practice of preventive dentistry.
Emphasis is placed on the phylogeny of major animal groups and human evolution.
Emphasis is placed on the physical and cognitive realms of development.
Emphasis is placed on the physical and mental growth patterns of children.
Emphasis is placed on the physical aspects of the motion.
Emphasis is placed on the physical setting and the influence of the people on the land.
Emphasis is placed on the physical, biological and cultural basis of human adaptation.
Emphasis is placed on the physical, emotional, and social aspects of personal health.
Emphasis is placed on the physical, intellectual, emotional and social growth of the child.
Emphasis is placed on the physical, social, emotional and cognitive development of each child.
Emphasis is placed on the physiological and chemical aspects of oral disease.
Emphasis is placed on the physiological aspects of metabolism and macro molecular synthesis.
Emphasis is placed on the physiological role of each chemical anolyte.
Emphasis is placed on the planning and execution of long themes.
Emphasis is placed on the planning and implementation of the nursing process in meeting heath needs.
Emphasis is placed on the planning and maintenance of health care facilities.
Emphasis is placed on the planning process.
Emphasis is placed on the planning, administration, control and design of database systems.
Emphasis is placed on the planning, development, operation, and management of clubs.
Emphasis is placed on the planning, procurement, movement, and storage of materials.
Emphasis is placed on the playing of the game.
Emphasis is placed on the policy implications of current theoretic issues.
Emphasis is placed on the policy implications of current theoretical issues.
Emphasis is placed on the political systems of Great Britain, France, and Germany.
Emphasis is placed on the positive role of health promotion as a preventive tool.
Emphasis is placed on the positive.
Emphasis is placed on the potential of parallel algorithms to solve large-scale stochastic programs.
Emphasis is placed on the potential of the photographic image as a means of expression.
Emphasis is placed on the potential role of information and information systems in organizations.
Emphasis is placed on the power of individual counseling techniques and interpersonal relationships.
Emphasis is placed on the practical and integrative aspects of human physiology and neurobiology.
Emphasis is placed on the practical application of advanced concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the practical application of elements studied.
Emphasis is placed on the practical application of engineering principles.
Emphasis is placed on the practical application of technology to agriculture.
Emphasis is placed on the practical application of theories and principles.
Emphasis is placed on the practical application of theory to dental hygiene education.
Emphasis is placed on the practical applications of ecological principles.
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of human growth.
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of human physiology.
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of nuclear reactor operations.
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of nutrition management in disease.
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of spill response.
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of subsurface drainage for all pavement types.
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of the design.
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of the subject and only the essential theory is covered.
Emphasis is placed on the practical implications of biblical truth.
Emphasis is placed on the practical needs of professionals in the workplace.
Emphasis is placed on the practical significance and uses of basic economic and business data.
Emphasis is placed on the practical use of hermeneutics for ministry.
Emphasis is placed on the practical use of stratigraphic principles in elucidating earth history.
Emphasis is placed on the practical uses in assisting defense attorneys.
Emphasis is placed on the practical work, which requires manual skill, patience and integrity.
Emphasis is placed on the practicality and soundness of techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the practice of basic interaction skills and group leadership.
Emphasis is placed on the preparation and presentation of speeches using the extemporaneous method.
Emphasis is placed on the preparation and purification of more complex organic compounds.
Emphasis is placed on the preparation of design drawings and estimating costs.
Emphasis is placed on the preparation of nutritious and attractive meals.
Emphasis is placed on the preparation of youth for entry into the work force.
Emphasis is placed on the preparation, use, and interpretation of financial statements.
Emphasis is placed on the presentation and revision of poems.
Emphasis is placed on the present-day relevance of the Bill of Rights.
Emphasis is placed on the presenting or primary problem.
Emphasis is placed on the preservation of habitats and how all individuals can help.
Emphasis is placed on the prevention of environmental liability.
Emphasis is placed on the prevention of product contamination from direct or indirect sources.
Emphasis is placed on the prevention of sport and exercise injuries.
Emphasis is placed on the preventive aspect of safety education, and first aid education.
Emphasis is placed on the preventive aspects of dental hygiene.
Emphasis is placed on the principle of planned change.
Emphasis is placed on the principles and methods used by geologists to unravel earth history.
Emphasis is placed on the principles and the methods of biogeography.
Emphasis is placed on the principles and the methods of Biogeography.
Emphasis is placed on the principles for directing the adaptation toward an explicitly given goal.
Emphasis is placed on the principles of management.
Emphasis is placed on the principles of operation of each type of instrument.
Emphasis is placed on the principles underlying the design and operation of employee benefit plans.
Emphasis is placed on the printed image as related to method, source, and concept.
Emphasis is placed on the problems and issues of managing in a data base environment.
Emphasis is placed on the problems encountered in international communication.
Emphasis is placed on the process involved in establishing, shaping, and changing social policy.
Emphasis is placed on the process of creating a role.
Emphasis is placed on the process of decision making as it relates to contemporary issues.
Emphasis is placed on the process of design.
Emphasis is placed on the process of interpersonal communication.
Emphasis is placed on the process of painting.
Emphasis is placed on the process of realizing ideas through experimentation with materials.
Emphasis is placed on the process of writing letters and reports.
Emphasis is placed on the process-based approach and on increased popular participation.
Emphasis is placed on the processes by which structures develop rather than memorization of facts.
Emphasis is placed on the processes of problem solving, reasoning, and mathematical thinking.
Emphasis is placed on the processing of a criminal charge from arrest through trial.
Emphasis is placed on the processing of materials to achieve optimum engineering properties.
Emphasis is placed on the production of business documents using decision making skills.
Emphasis is placed on the production of enduring and practical programs.
Emphasis is placed on the production of the different components that make up a dinnerware set.
Emphasis is placed on the professional nurse as a leader in the health care system.
Emphasis is placed on the professional production of correspondence, memos, and financial reports.
Emphasis is placed on the professional relationship and communication with other medical personnel.
Emphasis is placed on the professional, ethical, and attitudinal qualities of the sonographer.
Emphasis is placed on the programming paradigms with which the students are least familiar.
Emphasis is placed on the programs for pre-school, children, youth, adult, and senior adult groups.
Emphasis is placed on the progress and problems of industrialization.
Emphasis is placed on the progressive development of expressive and receptive skills.
Emphasis is placed on the progressive development of reading, vocabulary, and grammar skills.
Emphasis is placed on the promotion of disease prevention and health education.
Emphasis is placed on the promotion of health and wellness, and the prevention of illness.
Emphasis is placed on the proper construction of mathematical proofs.
Emphasis is placed on the proper design, analysis and interpretation of planned experiments.
Emphasis is placed on the proper manner of administering field sobriety tests.
Emphasis is placed on the proper preparation of technical drawings for microfilming.
Emphasis is placed on the proper reaction of the system to various inputs.
Emphasis is placed on the proper removal and installation procedures.
Emphasis is placed on the proper usage and safety of various tools.
Emphasis is placed on the proper use of financial statements.
Emphasis is placed on the proper use of the financial statements.
Emphasis is placed on the proper utilization of modern instrumentation.
Emphasis is placed on the properties and physics of DC circuitry.
Emphasis is placed on the properties of the models considered.
Emphasis is placed on the protective effects of trace minerals against cancer susceptibility.
Emphasis is placed on the provision of holistic care to individual clients.
Emphasis is placed on the psychosocial aspects of common medical problems.
Emphasis is placed on the purpose capabilities and utilization of each package, language or program.
Emphasis is placed on the purpose of simple machines.
Emphasis is placed on the purpose, the organization, and the general ends of a public speech.
Emphasis is placed on the purposes of posting and closing as well as making adjustments.
Emphasis is placed on the qualifications necessary for success in the dental assistant field.
Emphasis is placed on the qualitative properties of the flow.
Emphasis is placed on the qualitative, rather than the quantitative, aspects of physics.
Emphasis is placed on the quality of concept achieved.
Emphasis is placed on the question of equality in welfare provision.
Emphasis is placed on the radiographic appearance of common pathologies.
Emphasis is placed on the readability of figures while adding visual interest.
Emphasis is placed on the readability of figures.
Emphasis is placed on the reading and discussion of primary sources in translation.
Emphasis is placed on the reading and interpretation of primary source material.
Emphasis is placed on the reading and interpretation of the maps.
Emphasis is placed on the realism and completeness of the business plan.
Emphasis is placed on the realization of exchange value.
Emphasis is placed on the recording, classifying, and summarizing phases.
Emphasis is placed on the recruitment of quality faculty, staff and students.
Emphasis is placed on the recruitment of women and minorities.
Emphasis is placed on the reduction of the physical device to a circuit model.
Emphasis is placed on the refinement and extension of fundamental reading skills.
Emphasis is placed on the refinement of basic techniques and individual development.
Emphasis is placed on the refinement of skills.
Emphasis is placed on the refinement of students' communicative skills and cultural awareness.
Emphasis is placed on the regional consequences for Switzerland's environment, economy and society.
Emphasis is placed on the relation between the classic and contemporary literature in the field.
Emphasis is placed on the relation of such views to each philosopher s total system of thought.
Emphasis is placed on the relation of such views to each philosopher's total system of thought.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between art and design both in research and production.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between component parts and the structure as a whole.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between critical thinking, speaking, and effective listening.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between garden and architectural design.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between harmonic structure and formal design.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between individual and society.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between primary and community health care.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between regular physical activity and general health.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between science and sociopolitical policies.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between structure and function of all the body systems.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between structure and function of biomolecules.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship between the theories and their policy implications.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship of contemporary design and technologies.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship of hematological disease states to their diagnostic features.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship of historic styles to current fashion.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship of law and society.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship of microorganisms to disease.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship of natural and social factors in human behavior.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship of prosthodontics to other dental specialties.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship of research to the knowledge base and practice of nursing.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship to software development project management processes.
Emphasis is placed on the relationship-building skills of the principal.
Emphasis is placed on the relationships among objects and their interaction with each other.
Emphasis is placed on the relationships among objects and their interactions with one another.
Emphasis is placed on the relationships among practice, theory, and research.
Emphasis is placed on the relationships between learning goals and activities and school design.
Emphasis is placed on the relationships between structure and function.
Emphasis is placed on the relationships between structure and mechanism.
Emphasis is placed on the relevance of an analysis of culture for philosophical understanding.
Emphasis is placed on the relevance of sociology to the students' daily lives.
Emphasis is placed on the relevance of the prophets for today.
Emphasis is placed on the representation and cultural appropriation of nature and landscape .
Emphasis is placed on the research base for models of causation and for treatment effectiveness.
Emphasis is placed on the respiratory system.
Emphasis is placed on the responsibilities of child care workers.
Emphasis is placed on the responsibility of citizens as well as their fundamental rights.
Emphasis is placed on the responsibility of the consierge to provide the best possible service.
Emphasis is placed on the responsibility of the newsperson.
Emphasis is placed on the responsibility, personality, and involvement of the child care-giver.
Emphasis is placed on the rights of children and families with children with special needs.
Emphasis is placed on the rise and decline of European global dominance.
Emphasis is placed on the rise of big business and America as a world power.
Emphasis is placed on the role and requirements of minerals and vitamins in human nutrition.
Emphasis is placed on the role and responsibility of the practical nurse in the acute care setting.
Emphasis is placed on the role chemistry plays in the everyday life of a citizen.
Emphasis is placed on the role oceans play in regulating atmospheric carbon dioxide levels.
Emphasis is placed on the role of accounting inmanagerial control and decision making.
Emphasis is placed on the role of accountingin managerialcontrol and decision making.
Emphasis is placed on the role of birth defects as a major contributor to disabilities.
Emphasis is placed on the role of computers and information in a modern organization.
Emphasis is placed on the role of computers in the production of graphic and electronic media.
Emphasis is placed on the role of general physiological principles in affecting human behavior.
Emphasis is placed on the role of genetics and chemical networks in maintaining synaptic function.
Emphasis is placed on the role of initial value sensitivity.
Emphasis is placed on the role of learning resource services in quality issues in education.
Emphasis is placed on the role of microbes in molecular biology and genetic engineering.
Emphasis is placed on the role of observation and assessment in the development of curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on the role of of heterodoxy and the rise of new paradigms.
Emphasis is placed on the role of operations in achieving strategic objectives.
Emphasis is placed on the role of organic reactions in biological chemistry.
Emphasis is placed on the role of political economy systems and thought in low-income societies.
Emphasis is placed on the role of radiography for accurate diagnosis.
Emphasis is placed on the role of religion in the development of American life and character.
Emphasis is placed on the role of South Carolina during each historical period.
Emphasis is placed on the role of special teachers in the total school program.
Emphasis is placed on the role of system administrators in an organization.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the banker as a vital member of the construction management team.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the computer in the decision-making process.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the floor nurse in implementing the model.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the laboratory in criminal investigations.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the leader.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the military in Taiwan's development.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the nurse as a provider of care and member of a discipline.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the nurse as a teacher.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the nurse as leader-manager.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the nurse in the healing process of the client.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the nurse practitioner in the current health care system.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the special education teacher in the transitional process.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the teacher in relationship to children with special needs.
Emphasis is placed on the role of the venipuncturist in a modern health and delivery system.
Emphasis is placed on the role of time and uncertainty in making investment and financing decisions.
Emphasis is placed on the role of watchman, guards, and patrolmen.
Emphasis is placed on the role religion plays in American society.
Emphasis is placed on the rules of evidence and laws pertaining to the crime being investigated.
Emphasis is placed on the sacraments of confirmation and anointing of the sick.
Emphasis is placed on the safe and proper use of automotive products, shop tools and shop equipment.
Emphasis is placed on the safe operation of power equipment.
Emphasis is placed on the safe use of hand tools, hand held power tools and shop equipment.
Emphasis is placed on the safety plan and safety procedures.
Emphasis is placed on the scenic phase of stone bridges.
Emphasis is placed on the scientific and statistical soundness of techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the scientific approach.
Emphasis is placed on the scientific evidence that astronomers use to support their conclusions.
Emphasis is placed on the scientific method and investigative lab work.
Emphasis is placed on the scientific, physiological, social, and economic aspects of nutrition.
Emphasis is placed on the scope of activities performed by opticians.
Emphasis is placed on the scope of the audit, audit practices and procedures, and audit reports.
Emphasis is placed on the sea basins existing in the region.
Emphasis is placed on the secondary and tertiary prevention aspects of health promotion.
Emphasis is placed on the seed plants.
Emphasis is placed on the selection and ethical use of tests.
Emphasis is placed on the selection and interpretation of tests, rather than theory.
Emphasis is placed on the selection and introduction of new products.
Emphasis is placed on the selection, use, and care of textile products.
Emphasis is placed on the service and repair of the various engines and all major systems.
Emphasis is placed on the sharing of knowledge and experience.
Emphasis is placed on the short story and novel.
Emphasis is placed on the significance of plants to human life.
Emphasis is placed on the simpler aliphatic and aromatic compounds, and functional groups.
Emphasis is placed on the situated nature of intelligence.
Emphasis is placed on the situation and interpretation of the Christian faith in the modern world.
Emphasis is placed on the skill needs of the student.
Emphasis is placed on the skills and rules necessary to participate in a variety of lifetime sports.
Emphasis is placed on the skills and techniques to effectively manage people from diverse cultures.
Emphasis is placed on the skills associated with the acquisition of a second language.
Emphasis is placed on the skills critical to college success.
Emphasis is placed on the skills necessary for the effective administration of such programs.
Emphasis is placed on the skills necessary to interpret property and liability insurance contracts.
Emphasis is placed on the skills required to fabricate duct work.
Emphasis is placed on the small library.
Emphasis is placed on the small things, like basic footwork and strikes.
Emphasis is placed on the small to mid-sized business.
Emphasis is placed on the social aspects of such topics.
Emphasis is placed on the social processes and problems occurring within the prison.
Emphasis is placed on the social, institutional, intellectual, and political aspects of slavery.
Emphasis is placed on the solution of problems of interest to materials engineers.
Emphasis is placed on the solution of problems.
Emphasis is placed on the sounds of the letters as opposed to their names.
Emphasis is placed on the Spanish and courses related to Mexico and other Latin American countries.
Emphasis is placed on the spatial diffusion of people and culture over the surface of the earth.
Emphasis is placed on the speaking of the modern languages.
Emphasis is placed on the special issues facing e-commerce and technology companies.
Emphasis is placed on the special needs of young children in all-day care.
Emphasis is placed on the specialized tools and relationships required of a good purchaser.
Emphasis is placed on the species variabilities.
Emphasis is placed on the specific needs of the commercial musician in the field of recording.
Emphasis is placed on the spoken language, though reading skills are also developed.
Emphasis is placed on the staffing function of a manager with all the related activities.
Emphasis is placed on the statement of purpose.
Emphasis is placed on the statistical treatment of experimental data and computer programming.
Emphasis is placed on the stoichiometric relationships of inorganic substances.
Emphasis is placed on the strategies of problem solving using agricultural applications.
Emphasis is placed on the strategies of problem solving using technical applications.
Emphasis is placed on the strengths and limitations of the program.
Emphasis is placed on the strengths and weaknesses of survey data and implications for policymakers.
Emphasis is placed on the strong verb.
Emphasis is placed on the structural elements that constitute drawing.
Emphasis is placed on the structure and chemical nature of a gene.
Emphasis is placed on the structure and content of Spanish business correspondence.
Emphasis is placed on the structure and dynamics of human society.
Emphasis is placed on the structure and form of the scientific paper.
Emphasis is placed on the structure and function of the central and peripheral nervous systems.
Emphasis is placed on the structure and function of the human body and homeostatic mechanisms.
Emphasis is placed on the structure of narrative film.
Emphasis is placed on the structure of the government and the Bill of Rights.
Emphasis is placed on the structure of the organ systems, cells, and tissues.
Emphasis is placed on the structure, processes, and reproduction of the higher plants.
Emphasis is placed on the student as a consumer of nursing research.
Emphasis is placed on the student as an individual.
Emphasis is placed on the student developing a significant personal expression.
Emphasis is placed on the student in transition to the professional nurse role.
Emphasis is placed on the student s ability to analyze texts and source materials of the period.
Emphasis is placed on the student solving specific problems creatively.
Emphasis is placed on the student's ability to communicate in correct, simple French.
Emphasis is placed on the student's ability to function orally in realistic contexts.
Emphasis is placed on the students' application and evaluation of their learning.
Emphasis is placed on the students' development of clear, pleasant, and natural diction.
Emphasis is placed on the student's direct familiarity with the text of the Bible.
Emphasis is placed on the student's needs and provides answers for learning problems.
Emphasis is placed on the student's particular abilities and direction.
Emphasis is placed on the student's perception of and involvement in the musical work.
Emphasis is placed on the students' sentence and paragraph writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on the study of authentic and representative literary and cultural texts.
Emphasis is placed on the study of caring occasions requiring advanced nursing skill and knowledge.
Emphasis is placed on the study of chromatic harmony and a review of two and three part form.
Emphasis is placed on the study of composition and history of photography as an art form.
Emphasis is placed on the study of digital techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the study of individual works of art.
Emphasis is placed on the study of living specimens in the laboratory and in the field.
Emphasis is placed on the study of macroeconomics.
Emphasis is placed on the study of marine organisms coral reefs and eel grass communities.
Emphasis is placed on the study of materials, techniques, and cultural values.
Emphasis is placed on the study of matters relevant to Faroese society.
Emphasis is placed on the study of motion, forces, optics, electricity and magnetism, and energy.
Emphasis is placed on the study of physical health.
Emphasis is placed on the study of representative literary and cultural texts.
Emphasis is placed on the study of rock strata, fossil groups, and geological time.
Emphasis is placed on the study of syntax and complex sentences, and style.
Emphasis is placed on the study of the effectiveness and responsiveness of bureaucracies.
Emphasis is placed on the study of the molecular basis of life processes.
Emphasis is placed on the study of the plant, the basis of all horticulture activities.
Emphasis is placed on the study of the United States, Canada, and the Caribbean.
Emphasis is placed on the study of the various anatomical models.
Emphasis is placed on the study of various anatomical models.
Emphasis is placed on the study of works by living Canadian dramatists.
Emphasis is placed on the study of works by living composers.
Emphasis is placed on the study of world literature and on expository writing.
Emphasis is placed on the substantive aspects of corrections law.
Emphasis is placed on the success of students.
Emphasis is placed on the successful operation of a food and beverage establishment.
Emphasis is placed on the supervisors' role in applying state and federal employment laws.
Emphasis is placed on the surface transportation accommodations and tour and destination sectors.
Emphasis is placed on the swing.
Emphasis is placed on the symbolic, aesthetic and psychological aspects of color.
Emphasis is placed on the synthesis of live performance with electronic technology.
Emphasis is placed on the synthesis of theory and practice in physical education.
Emphasis is placed on the systems with two binary compositions.
Emphasis is placed on the teaching and learning process throughout the various grade levels.
Emphasis is placed on the teaching of prevention, behavioral sciences and medical informatics.
Emphasis is placed on the teaching of reading to our divergent student population.
Emphasis is placed on the teaching points from each case as well as a review of autopsy findings.
Emphasis is placed on the technical aspect of photographic imaging.
Emphasis is placed on the techniques being used in the selling and merchandising process.
Emphasis is placed on the techniques for the management and analysis of geological data.
Emphasis is placed on the technology required to operate safely underground coal mines.
Emphasis is placed on the tense system, parts of speech, and question formation.
Emphasis is placed on the terminology and use of software through a hands on approach.
Emphasis is placed on the terminology and use of software through a hands-on approach.
Emphasis is placed on the terminology necessary to understanding business principles and practices.
Emphasis is placed on the the changing cultural context in which global business is conducted.
Emphasis is placed on the theatre basics of movement, diction and ensemble acting.
Emphasis is placed on the theme and background of each book.
Emphasis is placed on the theological use of the Bible by the church.
Emphasis is placed on the theoretical and historical role of design in theater and dance.
Emphasis is placed on the theoretical development of the subject matter.
Emphasis is placed on the theories involved in the practice of counseling and psychotherapy.
Emphasis is placed on the theory and practical application of conduit bending methods.
Emphasis is placed on the theory and practice of prehospital emergency care.
Emphasis is placed on the theory and practice of various offenses and defenses leading to team play.
Emphasis is placed on the theory of drug administration.
Emphasis is placed on the theory, operation, maintenance, and repair of the systems.
Emphasis is placed on the theory, strategy, and goals of the organized labor movement.
Emphasis is placed on the therapeutic relationship between the nurse and the individual client.
Emphasis is placed on the thermodynamics of chemical systems.
Emphasis is placed on the thinkers' conceptions of human nature, society, and ethics.
Emphasis is placed on the thorax, limbs and back.
Emphasis is placed on the three specialty areas.
Emphasis is placed on the tidal freshwater and salinity regions of several major tributaries.
Emphasis is placed on the tools of analysis specific to German literary studies and criticism.
Emphasis is placed on the totally integrated business information system.
Emphasis is placed on the touch system, correct techniques, and development of speed and accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on the training issues, such as toilet-training and socialization.
Emphasis is placed on the transformation of imagination from mind to paper to model.
Emphasis is placed on the transition from the student role to that of a manager of client care.
Emphasis is placed on the transition from the student role to that of professional nurse.
Emphasis is placed on the transportation, storing, and material handling functions.
Emphasis is placed on the twentieth century.
Emphasis is placed on the types of procedures and the clinical information gained therefrom.
Emphasis is placed on the underlying pathophysiology rather than technical aspects.
Emphasis is placed on the underlying transport processes.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding and use of current cost management techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding and use of the various concepts that are introduced.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding of accounting data from the user's point of view.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding of basic mathematical concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding of mathematical concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding of musical concepts in light of their historical context.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding of statistical methods.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding of terms and concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding of the correct placement of the body.
Emphasis is placed on the understanding of the functions of human systems and subsystems.
Emphasis is placed on the Uniform Commercial Code.
Emphasis is placed on the unique adaptations of the organism which contribute to survival.
Emphasis is placed on the unique characteristics of research with children.
Emphasis is placed on the unit approach to teaching social studies.
Emphasis is placed on the unity of life.
Emphasis is placed on the upgrading of the students skills and abilities.
Emphasis is placed on the upper and lower extremities.
Emphasis is placed on the upper cervical complex.
Emphasis is placed on the upper limb and neuroanatomy.
Emphasis is placed on the use and characteristics of instructional aids.
Emphasis is placed on the use of a number line, as an aid to understanding integer concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the use of a variety of drawing tools and materials.
Emphasis is placed on the use of accounting information controlling the operations of a business.
Emphasis is placed on the use of applications programs rather than the writing of new programs.
Emphasis is placed on the use of applications programs rather the writing of new programs.
Emphasis is placed on the use of B.C.'s indigenous source of wood, adding value by design.
Emphasis is placed on the use of body and voice as expressive instruments.
Emphasis is placed on the use of clay as an expressive material.
Emphasis is placed on the use of commercial software used for landscape planning and estimating.
Emphasis is placed on the use of composition, creativity, and craftmanship in visual expression.
Emphasis is placed on the use of computers for data acquisition, management and analysis.
Emphasis is placed on the use of computers for data analysis and reporting.
Emphasis is placed on the use of computers in the daily management of the medical office.
Emphasis is placed on the use of computers in the daily operations and management of the office.
Emphasis is placed on the use of computing technology for business decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on the use of current and popular computer software packages.
Emphasis is placed on the use of efficient implementation techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the use of empirical evidence to evaluate popular beliefs.
Emphasis is placed on the use of formal models to analyze tariffs, quotas, and subsidies.
Emphasis is placed on the use of idioms and specialized vocabulary.
Emphasis is placed on the use of industrial materials and methods of machine operation.
Emphasis is placed on the use of literary, historical, archeological, and cultural analysis.
Emphasis is placed on the use of manipulatives to demonstrate concepts.
Emphasis is placed on the use of mathematical techniques rather than their rigorous proof.
Emphasis is placed on the use of medical and pharmacological terminology.
Emphasis is placed on the use of microcomputers.
Emphasis is placed on the use of modalities, wound care, assistive ambulation, and transfers.
Emphasis is placed on the use of modern numerical and computational techniques to solve problems.
Emphasis is placed on the use of nuclear analytical tools and methodologies in applied research.
Emphasis is placed on the use of plant materials to solve site problems.
Emphasis is placed on the use of primary source materials.
Emphasis is placed on the use of primary sources and methods of interpreting such sources.
Emphasis is placed on the use of proper judgement during use of force encounters.
Emphasis is placed on the use of radioisotopes in medicine.
Emphasis is placed on the use of recombinant DNA and immunological methods.
Emphasis is placed on the use of remotely sensed data for tactical and strategic purposes.
Emphasis is placed on the use of research findings in the solution of marketing problems.
Emphasis is placed on the use of research in social work practice.
Emphasis is placed on the use of research in total quality improvement.
Emphasis is placed on the use of runoff for crop production.
Emphasis is placed on the use of scientific psychology to improve aspects of everyday life.
Emphasis is placed on the use of software programs for financial accounting applications.
Emphasis is placed on the use of software tools.
Emphasis is placed on the use of spreadsheets and estimating software.
Emphasis is placed on the use of statistical techniques for business decision making.
Emphasis is placed on the use of technology to support the teaching and learning process.
Emphasis is placed on the use of the computer in nearly all of the required courses.
Emphasis is placed on the use of the computer in performing the various techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the use of the Internal Revenue Code.
Emphasis is placed on the use of the Internet as an information source.
Emphasis is placed on the use of the therapeutic interpersonal process in meeting client's needs.
Emphasis is placed on the use of therapeutic exercise in most cases.
Emphasis is placed on the use of video to further authentic learning vice memorization.
Emphasis is placed on the use of video, multi-media and graphic communication projects.
Emphasis is placed on the use of writing for basic survival needs and personal communication.
Emphasis is placed on the use of written protocols in providing patient care.
Emphasis is placed on the usefulness of Christian literature to challenge the Christian worker.
Emphasis is placed on the uses and limitations of some general methods of economic analysis.
Emphasis is placed on the uses of geometric and trigonometric principles in machining.
Emphasis is placed on the uses of present-value techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the utilization of computers throughout the curriculum.
Emphasis is placed on the utilization of research findings for client outcome evaluation.
Emphasis is placed on the valuation, investment, financing and dividend decisions of the firm.
Emphasis is placed on the value system from which the differing political solutions emerged.
Emphasis is placed on the value systems from which the differing political solutions emerged.
Emphasis is placed on the variety of expectations and perceptions of consumers of human services.
Emphasis is placed on the various approaches to geographic thought and knowledge.
Emphasis is placed on the various processes to prevent or to resolve conflict.
Emphasis is placed on the verb system and the rules of sentence structure.
Emphasis is placed on the vertebrates.
Emphasis is placed on the vocalization of the script rather than traditional theatrical staging.
Emphasis is placed on the War Between the States and the world wars.
Emphasis is placed on the ways in which such languages deal with the fundamentals of programming.
Emphasis is placed on the ways in which the workplace affects and is affected by human values.
Emphasis is placed on the welding of structural members of the aircraft.
Emphasis is placed on the western North Atlantic ocean.
Emphasis is placed on the wise use of our natural resources.
Emphasis is placed on the writing and reading processes at the essay level.
Emphasis is placed on the writing and reading processes at the sentence and paragraph levels.
Emphasis is placed on the writing of geographers who are natives of the country under consideration.
Emphasis is placed on the writing process and on proofreading techniques.
Emphasis is placed on the writing process, including multiple revisions and editing workshops.
Emphasis is placed on the writing process, organization, methods of development, and diction.
Emphasis is placed on the writings of ancient historians and biographers.
Emphasis is placed on the writings of Cicero and other prose authors.
Emphasis is placed on the writings of major Roman authors.
Emphasis is placed on the writings of prose authors.
Emphasis is placed on the written, drawn and photographic documentation of objects.
Emphasis is placed on the young child to adolescence.
Emphasis is placed on theatrical productions that have actually been produced.
Emphasis is placed on their application to the English language.
Emphasis is placed on their collection, identification, classification, distribution, and ecology.
Emphasis is placed on their status as disease vectors.
Emphasis is placed on their unarmored use against dissimilar weapons.
Emphasis is placed on thematic integration.
Emphasis is placed on theme or unit plan teaching, integrating the content areas and the arts.
Emphasis is placed on theme or unit planning, integrating content areas and the arts.
Emphasis is placed on theoretical and computational skills.
Emphasis is placed on theoretical and conceptual training in the student's chosen field of interest.
Emphasis is placed on theoretical and philosophical foundations of health professions.
Emphasis is placed on theoretical arguments supporting current accounting practice and alternatives.
Emphasis is placed on theoretical foundations of pharmacological methods in neurobiology.
Emphasis is placed on theoretical problems of choice of law.
Emphasis is placed on theories and methods of practice with couples, families and groups.
Emphasis is placed on theories of and research on gender, race, and class.
Emphasis is placed on theories of change in America.
Emphasis is placed on theories of democracy, organisations, and organised efforts.
Emphasis is placed on theory and methods of research and critical evaluation of the research report.
Emphasis is placed on theory and practical labs.
Emphasis is placed on theory and practice in counseling.
Emphasis is placed on theory and proofs.
Emphasis is placed on theory applicable to basic nursing skills.
Emphasis is placed on theory of operation and driveability diagnostic procedures.
Emphasis is placed on theory rather than historical chronology.
Emphasis is placed on theory, methodology and the development of manipulative abilities.
Emphasis is placed on theory, methods, and business practices.
Emphasis is placed on theory, research, and personal competence in communication.
Emphasis is placed on therapeutic and diagnostic patient care.
Emphasis is placed on thermodynamics and statistical mechanics.
Emphasis is placed on thermodynamics.
Emphasis is placed on thorough and systematic studies throughout the school year.
Emphasis is placed on thorough mastery of the important mathematical concepts.
Emphasis is placed on thoroughness.
Emphasis is placed on thought processes in formulating differential diagnosis and treatment plan.
Emphasis is placed on thought, construction and play.
Emphasis is placed on three forms of business organization.
Emphasis is placed on three-part harmonic singing and developing a balanced choral sound.
Emphasis is placed on throwing, catching, learning positions and developing proper swing.
Emphasis is placed on timesavings and cost control of overhead items.
Emphasis is placed on tone quality and music reading.
Emphasis is placed on tool materials, cutting tool design, fixture design, and pressworking tools.
Emphasis is placed on top-down design and stepwise refinement techniques.
Emphasis is placed on topicality, frankness and keeping things brief.
Emphasis is placed on topics and areas as defined by the North Carolina Administrative Code.
Emphasis is placed on topics of importance to bankers.
Emphasis is placed on topics such as colonialism, industrialism, and nationalism.
Emphasis is placed on topics such as decimals, ratios, and fractions.
Emphasis is placed on topics that have special application in the study of refrigeration.
Emphasis is placed on total perioperative care.
Emphasis is placed on trade specific skills, general employability skills and applied academics.
Emphasis is placed on traditional and experimental methods.
Emphasis is placed on traditional weaving techniques.
Emphasis is placed on trail design and construction and use of native materials.
Emphasis is placed on training and consultation techniques for information centers and workstations.
Emphasis is placed on training and information provision.
Emphasis is placed on training and providing good supervision and support throughout.
Emphasis is placed on training competitively.
Emphasis is placed on training future secondary school teachers at the bachelor's level.
Emphasis is placed on training individuals for industrial management positions.
Emphasis is placed on training men and women for industrial management positions.
Emphasis is placed on training methods, team organization and match strategy.
Emphasis is placed on transactions which affect only the balance sheet.
Emphasis is placed on transducers, artifacts, safety, and quality assurance.
Emphasis is placed on transition preparation rather than job placement.
Emphasis is placed on translating organizational values into everyday work assignments.
Emphasis is placed on translating theory and research from course work to services for clients.
Emphasis is placed on translating theory and research from coursework into services for clients.
Emphasis is placed on transpersonal interactions between the nurse and client.
Emphasis is placed on travel and nature photography.
Emphasis is placed on travel.
Emphasis is placed on treatment technologies for both municipal and industrial facilities.
Emphasis is placed on trees commonly used in landscaping and their outstanding characteristics.
Emphasis is placed on trends and growth rates, rather than the level of the given indicator.
Emphasis is placed on triage, assessment, and proper management of emergency care.
Emphasis is placed on triceps, followed by front deltoid and chest exercises.
Emphasis is placed on trig and circular functions, and right triangle problems.
Emphasis is placed on trigger control, sight alignment, and accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on troubleshooting and service procedures.
Emphasis is placed on troubleshooting skills and preventive maintenance techniques.
Emphasis is placed on troubleshooting skills, preventative maintenance techniques, and safety.
Emphasis is placed on troubleshooting systems.
Emphasis is placed on troubleshooting the operating systems, installation and start-up procedures.
Emphasis is placed on troubleshooting the systems.
Emphasis is placed on troubleshooting utilities and printing.
Emphasis is placed on troubleshooting.
Emphasis is placed on trust, commitment, honesty, and reliability in a teamwork situation.
Emphasis is placed on tumbling, rolls, balance, strength and coordination.
Emphasis is placed on tungsten welding and cutting.
Emphasis is placed on two-dimensional design principles.
Emphasis is placed on two-voice dictation.
Emphasis is placed on two-voice testimony, jury charge, legal opinion and literary material.
Emphasis is placed on type, quality,temperament and performance.
Emphasis is placed on types of literature, methods for use, authors, and illustrators.
Emphasis is placed on typical business applications.
Emphasis is placed on typical business programming logical processes.
Emphasis is placed on typing speed and accuracy.
Emphasis is placed on typography.
Emphasis is placed on U.S. recreational patterns.
Emphasis is placed on underlying linear models.
Emphasis is placed on undersdtanding the physical processes underlying astronomical phenomena.
Emphasis is placed on understanding a variety of optical test and measurement systems.
Emphasis is placed on understanding a variety of philosophical perspectives.
Emphasis is placed on understanding anatomy in functional and evolutionary contexts.
Emphasis is placed on understanding and application of fundamental physical principles.
Emphasis is placed on understanding and applying concepts.
Emphasis is placed on understanding and applying financial information.
Emphasis is placed on understanding and developing extended, strategic, information-based campaigns.
Emphasis is placed on understanding and modelling the hydrologic cycle.
Emphasis is placed on understanding and speaking the language for everyday use.
Emphasis is placed on understanding and troubleshooting electrical controls.
Emphasis is placed on understanding and using the statements produced in the reporting process.
Emphasis is placed on understanding audience and purpose in each communicating situation.
Emphasis is placed on understanding basic concepts and terminology in healthcare law.
Emphasis is placed on understanding basic concepts to explain the behavior of matter.
Emphasis is placed on understanding basic mathematical concepts and using methods of proof.
Emphasis is placed on understanding both key concepts and measurement techniques.
Emphasis is placed on understanding circuit functions and proper electrical connections.
Emphasis is placed on understanding concepts rather than memorization of facts.
Emphasis is placed on understanding contemporary changes in the global environment.
Emphasis is placed on understanding cross-cultural, international aspects of behavior.
Emphasis is placed on understanding database terminology.
Emphasis is placed on understanding decision making by courts in the common-law tradition.
Emphasis is placed on understanding device operation, rather than on circuit properties.
Emphasis is placed on understanding effects of water quality on ecosystem structure and function.
Emphasis is placed on understanding environmental relationships among plants, animals, and humans.
Emphasis is placed on understanding how archeologists reconstruct the past.
Emphasis is placed on understanding how firms compete with one another.
Emphasis is placed on understanding how personality influences behavior.
Emphasis is placed on understanding how programs with and without macrocode are processed.
Emphasis is placed on understanding how structures are adapted for the functions they perform.
Emphasis is placed on understanding humans in the context of socio-cultural systems.
Emphasis is placed on understanding individual, group and organizational behaviors.
Emphasis is placed on understanding individual, group, and organizational behaviors.
Emphasis is placed on understanding life cycles and optimizing management strategies.
Emphasis is placed on understanding mechanisms of disease and developing prevention strategies.
Emphasis is placed on understanding of style, form, and terminology.
Emphasis is placed on understanding one's own culture, and then on other cultures.
Emphasis is placed on understanding petrologic processes as observed in rocks and rock sequences.
Emphasis is placed on understanding protocol design principles.
Emphasis is placed on understanding relevant theory and research.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the causes, consequences, and prevention of aquaintance rape.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the child, the process of learning, and critical thinking.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the concept rather than simply finding the right answer.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the content and principles underlying financial statements.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the continuous and systematic changes in individual behavior.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the core knowledge and skills in each of the disciplines.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the difference between average risk and high risk individuals.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the difference in syntax and the correct usage of the language.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the earth as our environment.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the executive, legislative and judicial aspects of the tax law.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the family system as both a causal and coping entity.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the generation of power and pollutants during combustion.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the impact of various nutrients on the body.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the importance of exercise and lifetime activities.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the individual in interaction with major social systems.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the interaction of people, ideas and social movements.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the intuition behind the estimation techniques and tests.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the Japanese syllabaries and grammatical structure.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the law enforcement, judicial and corrections systems.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the levels of abstraction involved in software engineering.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the logic of statistics via spreadsheet simulation.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the material rather than memorizing.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the mechanisms responsible for the various diseases studied.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the modular system, wall types, joints, and wall insulation.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the molecular mechanisms of the inheritance of traits.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the nurse-client relationship.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the process of growing older from a life course framework.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the role of kinship and religion in the life of the country.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the rules of the game.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the spiritual dynamic of the early church.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the tax laws and techniques of tax research.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the theory behind organic reactions.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the underlying mechanisms that govern developmental processes.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the underlying pathophysiology of the child.
Emphasis is placed on understanding the variables which comprise leadership.
Emphasis is placed on understanding theories as well as empirical research conducted on the topic.
Emphasis is placed on understanding theory and the development of research skills.
Emphasis is placed on understanding underlying concepts rather than memorizing procedures.
Emphasis is placed on understanding work behavior within the work setting.
Emphasis is placed on understanding, interpreting, and critiquing selective literary texts.
Emphasis is placed on understanding, modeling, and use of amplifiers and switches.
Emphasis is placed on uninterrupted student instructional time.
Emphasis is placed on unusual experiences, leadership, talent, school and community activities.
Emphasis is placed on urban areas and their evolution and functional areas.
Emphasis is placed on use of accounting information in decision-making.
Emphasis is placed on use of digital satellite image data.
Emphasis is placed on use of light logic, atmospheric and linear perspective.
Emphasis is placed on use of manufacturers' literature and design aids.
Emphasis is placed on use of mechanical devices in combination with electronic controls.
Emphasis is placed on use of multimedia and electronic materials in the classroom.
Emphasis is placed on use of proper safety techniques.
Emphasis is placed on use of the computer for problem analysis and solution.
Emphasis is placed on use of the language.
Emphasis is placed on user interface, advanced communication skills and content development.
Emphasis is placed on user involvement in the design process and early prototype evaluation.
Emphasis is placed on using a command to achieve a task.
Emphasis is placed on using a variety of media texts, and the development of media literacy.
Emphasis is placed on using advanced photographic techniques for visual problem solving.
Emphasis is placed on using authentic fabrics and trims of the appropriate period.
Emphasis is placed on using biochemistry in the process of clinical problem-solving.
Emphasis is placed on using computers ethically and responsibly.
Emphasis is placed on using computers to analyze and design complex systems.
Emphasis is placed on using counseling strategies with schoolage handicapped children.
Emphasis is placed on using current and relevant software to address typical business needs.
Emphasis is placed on using data to determine the optimum balance between cost and reliability.
Emphasis is placed on using distributed systems and networks to support the business environment.
Emphasis is placed on using economically and technically feasible practices.
Emphasis is placed on using every minute.
Emphasis is placed on using keyboarding software for formatting simple documents.
Emphasis is placed on using maps for spatial analysis and geographic research.
Emphasis is placed on using microcomputers to perform accounting functions and prepare reports.
Emphasis is placed on using models and theories relevant to chosen role.
Emphasis is placed on using observation to build relationships with students.
Emphasis is placed on using organic ingredients and locally grown fruits.
Emphasis is placed on using scientific methodology in all aspects of wildlife investigations.
Emphasis is placed on using statistical techniques and mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on using the computer as a tool to bring people together and share experiences.
Emphasis is placed on using the computer to process text and numeric information.
Emphasis is placed on using the computer to process text and numerical information.
Emphasis is placed on using the language.
Emphasis is placed on using the microprocessor as a programmable tool for problem solution.
Emphasis is placed on using the right colors and textures to create verisimilitude.
Emphasis is placed on using the scientific method to determine consumer category based on dentition.
Emphasis is placed on using the senses to gather information.
Emphasis is placed on using the spoken language.
Emphasis is placed on using tools and techniques to generally solve problems in electronics.
Emphasis is placed on using various compiler generation tools to implement a small compiler.
Emphasis is placed on using various parts of their bodies to communicate their active imaginations.
Emphasis is placed on using video as an effective means of human communication and self-expression.
Emphasis is placed on utilization of plant materials to solve site problems.
Emphasis is placed on utilization of plant materials to solve specific site problems.
Emphasis is placed on utilizing electronic library resources.
Emphasis is placed on utilizing leasing as an effective sales tool.
Emphasis is placed on utilizing organizational feedback and establishing on-going feedback loops.
Emphasis is placed on value investing principles, risk reduction, and tax efficiency.
Emphasis is placed on values clarification, goal setting, and decision making.
Emphasis is placed on valve service, cylinder reboring, bearings and precision measuring tools.
Emphasis is placed on variable expenses and corresponding generated profits.
Emphasis is placed on variations of the normal appearance of the female gravid uterus.
Emphasis is placed on variations of the normal appearance of the neonatal brain.
Emphasis is placed on various budgetary accounting procedures and fund accounting.
Emphasis is placed on various computer and salon software applications.
Emphasis is placed on various computer concepts and applications.
Emphasis is placed on various exercises using the nautilus, universal machine, and free weights.
Emphasis is placed on various fundamentals in the pre-production process of signage.
Emphasis is placed on various social processes and problems associated with incarceration.
Emphasis is placed on various strategies for data collection and analysis.
Emphasis is placed on various theoretical approaches to understanding adolescence.
Emphasis is placed on various types of loads including static, impact, varying, and dynamic loads.
Emphasis is placed on various ways to use color and color effects in images.
Emphasis is placed on vertebrate endocrine physiology, with some invertebrate comparisons.
Emphasis is placed on vertebrate structure and function.
Emphasis is placed on vertebrates commonly exhibited in zoological parks and aquaria.
Emphasis is placed on vertebrates including mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians.
Emphasis is placed on vertebrates.
Emphasis is placed on very practical concerns and there is ample time for questions and discussion.
Emphasis is placed on viewing dinosaurs as superbly successful members of their ecosystem.
Emphasis is placed on viewing the organization as a social phenomenon.
Emphasis is placed on visiting dental specialty offices.
Emphasis is placed on visual analysis, criticism, research and writing.
Emphasis is placed on visual and auditory perception.
Emphasis is placed on visual and spatial rejuvenation.
Emphasis is placed on visual awareness in relation to perspective and fashion proportions.
Emphasis is placed on visual awareness, approaches to camerawork and the fine points of editing.
Emphasis is placed on visual development and conditions that can lead to blindness in infants.
Emphasis is placed on visual interest and compositional balance.
Emphasis is placed on visual outcomes in the areas of cross-disciplinary visual imaging and design.
Emphasis is placed on visual storytelling through development of photographic essays.
Emphasis is placed on vital signs, priority assessment and basic aquatic emergency care principles.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary acquisition and mastery of basic grammar concepts.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary and syntax.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary building and use of idioms and commonly used phrases.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary building and useful basic grammatical structures.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary development, conversation and cultural awareness.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary extension, idiom, and reading skills.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary, comprehension and reading strategies.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary, comprehension, and reading strategies.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary, literal and inferential comprehension, analysis.
Emphasis is placed on vocabulary, literal and listening comprehension skills at an advanced level.
Emphasis is placed on vocal standard choral music.
Emphasis is placed on vocal techniques and improvement.
Emphasis is placed on vocational preparation and training.
Emphasis is placed on vocational training at the senior high level.
Emphasis is placed on vocational training.
Emphasis is placed on voice production, choral ensembles, literature and choral administration.
Emphasis is placed on voluntary compliance by holders.
Emphasis is placed on walking, jogging, or running as a means of achieving fitness.
Emphasis is placed on wall and floor construction.
Emphasis is placed on waste reduction and minimization and policy studies.
Emphasis is placed on water quality and air quality.
Emphasis is placed on water safety.
Emphasis is placed on water testing and analysis of chemicals and bacteria.
Emphasis is placed on watercraft safety, good sportsmanship and conservation ethics.
Emphasis is placed on ways to capitalize on the latest distribution patterns.
Emphasis is placed on weather hazard identification and avoidance.
Emphasis is placed on web page loading speed and attractive layout.
Emphasis is placed on weight shifts, turns, and more complex rhythm patterns.
Emphasis is placed on welding test joints in accordance with the prescribed welding code.
Emphasis is placed on well breast care through education, risk reduction and surveillance.
Emphasis is placed on well defined, clinically diagnosed subpopulations of Gulf War Veterans.
Emphasis is placed on well-defined, clinically diagnosed subpopulations of Gulf War Veterans.
Emphasis is placed on wellness and fitness programs to ensure good health.
Emphasis is placed on wellness and lifetime skills.
Emphasis is placed on wellness promotion and improvement in daily functioning.
Emphasis is placed on what actually constitutes industrialised society.
Emphasis is placed on what actually constitutes 'industrialised' society.
Emphasis is placed on what individuals can do rather than on what they are unable to do.
Emphasis is placed on what industrialised society actually constitutes.
Emphasis is placed on what is learned rather than where or how it was learned.
Emphasis is placed on what is nationally outstanding at the expense of what is local and typical.
Emphasis is placed on what is practical and applicable in the technologies.
Emphasis is placed on what is unique to our particular place, here in northwest Pennsylvania.
Emphasis is placed on what it means to grow old in American society.
Emphasis is placed on what makes arguments strong and effective.
Emphasis is placed on what students can do to make a difference.
Emphasis is placed on what the system does as well as how it does it.
Emphasis is placed on what-if analysis.
Emphasis is placed on when to alter or stop usual screening recommendations.
Emphasis is placed on women's speech in a variety of contexts in both public and private settings.
Emphasis is placed on woodcarving and other processes.
Emphasis is placed on woody species native or naturalized in eastern North America.
Emphasis is placed on word processing, spreadsheet use, database and presentation applications.
Emphasis is placed on work environment and how trust impacts empowerment and accountability.
Emphasis is placed on work ethics and developing the professional image of an office employee.
Emphasis is placed on work experiences over the past year.
Emphasis is placed on worker health and safety, clean-up and waste disposal.
Emphasis is placed on working and communicating effectively with co-workers, parents and families.
Emphasis is placed on working closely with all members of the semiconductor design team.
Emphasis is placed on working closely with all members of the semiconductor manufacturing team.
Emphasis is placed on working closely with the family and acting as a resource.
Emphasis is placed on working drawings and precision dimensioning skills used in industry.
Emphasis is placed on working in a team environment.
Emphasis is placed on working to specified tolerances with special and advanced setups.
Emphasis is placed on working with images, literature, and developing a personal narrative.
Emphasis is placed on working with minimal equipment.
Emphasis is placed on working with spinal curvatures including scoliosis.
Emphasis is placed on working with the elderly client.
Emphasis is placed on working with the family as well as the patient.
Emphasis is placed on working with the whole person in all of our wellness programs.
Emphasis is placed on working with willing sellers.
Emphasis is placed on working with young children.
Emphasis is placed on workplace English.
Emphasis is placed on world and domestic issues and the economy.
Emphasis is placed on writing about literature and critical analysis.
Emphasis is placed on writing about literature and developing creativity.
Emphasis is placed on writing analytical and argumentative essays.
Emphasis is placed on writing and composition.
Emphasis is placed on writing and discussion.
Emphasis is placed on writing and marketing the feature for magazines and newspapers.
Emphasis is placed on writing as a process.
Emphasis is placed on writing both acoustic and electronic music.
Emphasis is placed on writing computer programs related to topics in secondary school mathematics.
Emphasis is placed on writing effective one-paragraph essays using correct grammar and mechanics.
Emphasis is placed on writing effective paragraphs leading to the short essay.
Emphasis is placed on writing extended essays and summaries.
Emphasis is placed on writing fiction, poetry, and sketches.
Emphasis is placed on writing for business publications.
Emphasis is placed on writing lesson plans and on the four-step teaching plan.
Emphasis is placed on writing reports of quality and form suitable for publication.
Emphasis is placed on writing sample paragraphs, essays, and creative pieces.
Emphasis is placed on writing skills and critical and evaluative thinking.
Emphasis is placed on writing skills and critical thinking.
Emphasis is placed on writing skills throughout the year.
Emphasis is placed on writing skills.
Emphasis is placed on writing well developed, coherent essays.
Emphasis is placed on writing well-structured, easy to understand programs.
Emphasis is placed on writing, analysis, and discussion.
Emphasis is placed on writing, fiction, poetry, and sketches.
Emphasis is placed on writing, grammar, library and study skills.
Emphasis is placed on writing, research and communication planning skills.
Emphasis is placed on writing.
Emphasis is placed on written analysis of literary form and meaning.
Emphasis is placed on written and oral advocacy skills.
Emphasis is placed on written and oral communications.
Emphasis is placed on written and spoken critiques made by the student and their peers.
Emphasis is placed on written communication and oral presentation skills.
Emphasis is placed on written communication skills, group research and group presentations.
Emphasis is placed on written communication skills.
Emphasis is placed on written composition, development of reading skills and oral group work.
Emphasis is placed on written expression.
Emphasis is placed on written reports for each lab experiment.
Emphasis is placed on written skills.
Emphasis is placed on written student criticism and evaluation of musical theatre.
Emphasis is placed on written student criticism and evaluation of plays.
Emphasis is placed on X-ray interactions.
Emphasis is placed on yoga as a total health system.
Emphasis is placed on young adult and geropsychiatric inpatient services.
Emphasis is placed on zoning and traffic flow.
Emphasis is placed on, technical, managerial and organizational issues.
Emphasis is placed primarily on playing within the music and less on moves.
Emphasis is placed primarily upon structural content.
Emphasis is placed providing students an overview of all aspects of the industry.
Emphasis is placed throughout on safety as well as the effectiveness of the illusion of violence.
Emphasis is placed upon a careful analysis of current religious and public educational trends.
Emphasis is placed upon a clear concise beat pattern within a variety of time signatures and tempos.
Emphasis is placed upon a system of philosophy and general principles for adolescent ministry.
Emphasis is placed upon accessibility and responsiveness.
Emphasis is placed upon accurate production.
Emphasis is placed upon achievement of family members' maximum health potential.
Emphasis is placed upon active participation in the creative process of historical inquiry.
Emphasis is placed upon acute and long-term management of emotional problems.
Emphasis is placed upon address systems as input to various mapping and statistical programs.
Emphasis is placed upon advanced writing skills.
Emphasis is placed upon affective, as well as academic, goals for students.
Emphasis is placed upon algorithm development and program implementation.
Emphasis is placed upon an in-depth study of representative types of psalmic materials.
Emphasis is placed upon an in-depth study of the geography of the Middle East.
Emphasis is placed upon analysis, teamwork, writing, and presentation skills.
Emphasis is placed upon analytic interpretation of the various remotely sensed products.
Emphasis is placed upon analytic reasoning and persuasive argumentation.
Emphasis is placed upon analyzing and further understanding the student s working environment.
Emphasis is placed upon analyzing and understanding management issues in the health care field.
Emphasis is placed upon Anglican writers, but some attention is paid to non-Anglican authors.
Emphasis is placed upon animal and plant communities, the ecosystem, and soil development.
Emphasis is placed upon applying theory to personal growth, and making value judgements.
Emphasis is placed upon articulation of primary source readings, research, and critical thinking.
Emphasis is placed upon attempting to identify undervalued common stocks.
Emphasis is placed upon basic and potentially practical studies.
Emphasis is placed upon basic concepts and principal findings of the field.
Emphasis is placed upon basic sentences and simple paragraph writing skills.
Emphasis is placed upon becoming a knowledgeable and informed consumer of research.
Emphasis is placed upon black families in America.
Emphasis is placed upon both the disciplinary and interdisciplinary nature of the problem.
Emphasis is placed upon budgeting and working capital management and control.
Emphasis is placed upon budgeting practices and theory as a tool for profit and control.
Emphasis is placed upon building total body conditioning.
Emphasis is placed upon business simulations and student internships.
Emphasis is placed upon career orientation within the context of liberal arts background.
Emphasis is placed upon careful critical analysis of works in short story, novel, drama and poetry.
Emphasis is placed upon clarity, interest, concreteness, as well as other style variables.
Emphasis is placed upon class discussion and the use of surveys and video tapes.
Emphasis is placed upon clear writing, logical development, and significance of understanding.
Emphasis is placed upon clear, correct communication both in writing and orally.
Emphasis is placed upon clinical experience and responsibility.
Emphasis is placed upon coal industry of West Virginia and the tri-state region.
Emphasis is placed upon communicative activities and contextualized acquisition of language.
Emphasis is placed upon computer researching and use of the legal information network.
Emphasis is placed upon concept, strategy, tactics and presentation skills.
Emphasis is placed upon concept, strategy, tactics, and presentation skills.
Emphasis is placed upon concepts and computations rather than upon rigor and theory.
Emphasis is placed upon concepts of public health and community organization and development.
Emphasis is placed upon conceptual understanding and communication of mathematical principles.
Emphasis is placed upon contemporary aspects of Latin America society.
Emphasis is placed upon continuing progression and positive involvement.
Emphasis is placed upon contracts, agency, partnerships, and corporations as topics.
Emphasis is placed upon contrasts between more developed countries and less developed countries.
Emphasis is placed upon contributions which computer science has made to contemporary society.
Emphasis is placed upon cooperative teamwork skills.
Emphasis is placed upon counseling with individuals, groups, and couples in various settings.
Emphasis is placed upon critical listening.
Emphasis is placed upon current research findings.
Emphasis is placed upon current trends in retailing and the factors responsible for change.
Emphasis is placed upon current trends.
Emphasis is placed upon data collection, data organization and report generation.
Emphasis is placed upon decision analysis, psychomotor skills, anatomy and pathophysiology.
Emphasis is placed upon decision-making and conflict resolution.
Emphasis is placed upon decisions which have their origin in a code of behavior.
Emphasis is placed upon delineation of alternatives and ethical issues.
Emphasis is placed upon design of experiments and interpretation of research results.
Emphasis is placed upon designing physical surroundings to serve social and personal needs.
Emphasis is placed upon desire and ability to minister in song.
Emphasis is placed upon determining when a patient is a suitable outpatient candidate.
Emphasis is placed upon developing a student's personal body of work.
Emphasis is placed upon developing advertising objectives and strategies through case study methods.
Emphasis is placed upon developing basic skills.
Emphasis is placed upon developing good craftsmanship.
Emphasis is placed upon developing good study habits, organization and proper use of time.
Emphasis is placed upon developing software from reusable components.
Emphasis is placed upon development and pedagogy of children from ages three through eight.
Emphasis is placed upon development in a visual environment.
Emphasis is placed upon development of analytical and creative problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is placed upon development of correct, efficient programs that are easy to maintain.
Emphasis is placed upon development of materials, techniques, and resources.
Emphasis is placed upon development of skills, and assessment methods vary accordingly.
Emphasis is placed upon development of substantive and procedural law, and upon the leading jurists.
Emphasis is placed upon developmental policies of Latin American countries.
Emphasis is placed upon diagnosis and disease prevention.
Emphasis is placed upon diagnostic reasoning and clinical decision making.
Emphasis is placed upon dialogue reproduction, which is clear and fully intelligible.
Emphasis is placed upon differential diagnosis and chiropractic management of the patient.
Emphasis is placed upon discussing a future family tree and developing conversations with others.
Emphasis is placed upon disease surveillance and diagnostic and control methods.
Emphasis is placed upon dive planning and skill perfection through actual cave penetration.
Emphasis is placed upon domestic violence prevention, treatment, and community outreach activities.
Emphasis is placed upon dramatic rules and current theatrical practices.
Emphasis is placed upon drawings that reproduce with a maximum of clarity and detail.
Emphasis is placed upon due process and objectivity in order to ensure a fair hearing.
Emphasis is placed upon ease of use and on accurate results.
Emphasis is placed upon ecological principles and problems as they relate to the fossil record.
Emphasis is placed upon economic, geographic, social and educational causes of malnutrition.
Emphasis is placed upon elements of machine and structural design.
Emphasis is placed upon energy, land, air, water, and wildlife resources.
Emphasis is placed upon engineering design methodology, approach and documentation.
Emphasis is placed upon ethical decision-making and the management of social issues.
Emphasis is placed upon experimental design, product isolation and product analysis.
Emphasis is placed upon experimental findings.
Emphasis is placed upon experimentation and creative exercises.
Emphasis is placed upon expository and analytic writing.
Emphasis is placed upon fact finding with limited follow-up responsibilities.
Emphasis is placed upon factual and statistical information.
Emphasis is placed upon family and the sharing of traditions.
Emphasis is placed upon fertility policies and family planning programme management.
Emphasis is placed upon field identification and effects of destructive forest agencies on trees.
Emphasis is placed upon flexibility, strengthening, muscular endurance, balance, and pain relief.
Emphasis is placed upon fluctuations in national income, employment and the price level.
Emphasis is placed upon fluctuations in national income, employment, and the price level.
Emphasis is placed upon formal written and oral reports.
Emphasis is placed upon formulating and implementing international Marketing plans.
Emphasis is placed upon fundamental concepts and their application in education.
Emphasis is placed upon fundamental concepts and their applications in education.
Emphasis is placed upon fusing theory and practice in elementary school administration.
Emphasis is placed upon gaining skills and cognitive understanding.
Emphasis is placed upon good solution techniques and presentations.
Emphasis is placed upon govern-mental structures and processes.
Emphasis is placed upon governmental structures and processes.
Emphasis is placed upon grammar, sentence structure, spelling, and organization of ideas.
Emphasis is placed upon helping students develop a clear, sequential thinking pattern.
Emphasis is placed upon higher organisms.
Emphasis is placed upon historical research and laboratory exercises.
Emphasis is placed upon history, mathematics, and language.
Emphasis is placed upon how metabolism functions as a unified whole.
Emphasis is placed upon human interest.
Emphasis is placed upon human organization of and relationship to the environment.
Emphasis is placed upon important functional groups and upon general types of organic reactions.
Emphasis is placed upon improving students' writing skills through case briefing and legal analysis.
Emphasis is placed upon increasing age appropriate skills and behaviors.
Emphasis is placed upon independent study under the guidance of a selected faculty member.
Emphasis is placed upon independent study.
Emphasis is placed upon in-depth study of the selected repertoire.
Emphasis is placed upon individual creative response to assignments.
Emphasis is placed upon individual initiative and decision- making skills.
Emphasis is placed upon individual members' psychological functioning.
Emphasis is placed upon individual mental tests and procedures.
Emphasis is placed upon individual research.
Emphasis is placed upon individual student-teacher interaction.
Emphasis is placed upon informing and evoking a critical audience.
Emphasis is placed upon instructional decision-making.
Emphasis is placed upon integrating ethical practice, theory, and research in work settings.
Emphasis is placed upon interaction with the text itself.
Emphasis is placed upon interdisciplinary teaching.
Emphasis is placed upon international developments rather than focusing upon one country.
Emphasis is placed upon intuitive drawing and away from conventional procedures.
Emphasis is placed upon issues and concerns in providing education in a multicultural society.
Emphasis is placed upon laboratory techniques and the scientific method of solving problems.
Emphasis is placed upon laboratory work and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed upon learning about DNA and gene expression.
Emphasis is placed upon learning and performing standard and contemporary concert band literature.
Emphasis is placed upon legal vocabulary and the analysis of legal situations through sample cases.
Emphasis is placed upon listening to and understanding a wide variety of music.
Emphasis is placed upon locally available computing systems.
Emphasis is placed upon long-term projects in which students make and evaluate works of art.
Emphasis is placed upon maintaining correct techniques while developing speed.
Emphasis is placed upon maintaining the scientific and legal integrity of the mapped product.
Emphasis is placed upon major health problems of college years and early adulthood.
Emphasis is placed upon major health problems of early adulthood.
Emphasis is placed upon marketing models and concepts utilized in management decision making.
Emphasis is placed upon mastering craftsmanship and neatness of presentation.
Emphasis is placed upon mechanisms of integration and control.
Emphasis is placed upon modern construction practices conforming to current building codes.
Emphasis is placed upon mutual reliance for the observation and reporting of unusual activities.
Emphasis is placed upon neuroses, psychoses and criminal deviance.
Emphasis is placed upon news reporting, feature and editorial writing.
Emphasis is placed upon normal physiology.
Emphasis is placed upon observation, structure, line quality, volume, originality and design.
Emphasis is placed upon observational rather than hands-on training.
Emphasis is placed upon one team and one curriculum.
Emphasis is placed upon operating, servicing and installing equipment.
Emphasis is placed upon oral and compositional skills.
Emphasis is placed upon oral communication and further development of all four language skills.
Emphasis is placed upon organizing concepts and analyzing of current trends.
Emphasis is placed upon orthographic projection principles and pictorial drawing.
Emphasis is placed upon our responsiveness, attention to detail and creativity.
Emphasis is placed upon party organization and strategy in the political process.
Emphasis is placed upon patient care and specific techniques used in emergency situations.
Emphasis is placed upon patterns and consequences of discrimination and oppression.
Emphasis is placed upon performance in academic course work.
Emphasis is placed upon personal expression and communication.
Emphasis is placed upon personnel policies and practices in schools and communities.
Emphasis is placed upon personnel, marketing, and financial aspects within the business entity.
Emphasis is placed upon persons, events and culture.
Emphasis is placed upon physical education skills, everyday activities and faulty movement.
Emphasis is placed upon planning and using research findings in the classroom.
Emphasis is placed upon planning research, utilizing research methods, and interpreting results.
Emphasis is placed upon practical application of the concepts.
Emphasis is placed upon practical design experience.
Emphasis is placed upon practical speaking experiences that are valuable to individuals and groups.
Emphasis is placed upon practice skills, practice evaluation and innovative interventive approaches.
Emphasis is placed upon pragmatic magic, self development and theurgy.
Emphasis is placed upon predesign simplicity and minimum input preparation.
Emphasis is placed upon preparation for advanced camp.
Emphasis is placed upon preparation for further study of geology at the graduate level.
Emphasis is placed upon preparing students for education beyond their baccalaureate.
Emphasis is placed upon prevention of problems and seeking continuous quality improvement.
Emphasis is placed upon principles of ministry within various local church agencies and programs.
Emphasis is placed upon principles, trends, and application in decision making.
Emphasis is placed upon problem solving and the development of solutions from first principles.
Emphasis is placed upon problem solving.
Emphasis is placed upon problems of closely held corporations.
Emphasis is placed upon procedures for repair and replacement of engine parts and components.
Emphasis is placed upon product and portrait photography, tabletop design, and lighting techniques.
Emphasis is placed upon professional development and student learning needs.
Emphasis is placed upon proper choral singing, good rehearsal habits, reading, and aural skills.
Emphasis is placed upon proper posture and technical correctness.
Emphasis is placed upon proper progressions and teaching techniques.
Emphasis is placed upon providing learning materials that intensify the learner's quest.
Emphasis is placed upon providing students intensive guidance and supervision.
Emphasis is placed upon qualifications and opportunities in the area of physical education.
Emphasis is placed upon quality of services and quality of life for each resident.
Emphasis is placed upon reacting to choking, accident prevention and airway problems.
Emphasis is placed upon reading, speaking, writing and understanding simple elementary German.
Emphasis is placed upon receiving training and gaining experience.
Emphasis is placed upon recent and other significant research.
Emphasis is placed upon recreational and wildlife uses of forest land.
Emphasis is placed upon reflection and change which leads to improved teaching and learning.
Emphasis is placed upon regional comparisons.
Emphasis is placed upon regular attendance and prompt submission of assessed work.
Emphasis is placed upon relating sociological ideas to national, community, and individual levels.
Emphasis is placed upon relaxation and maintaining a calm, happy demeanor.
Emphasis is placed upon research, development, and implementation of regional research designs.
Emphasis is placed upon resident education with four major educational events each day.
Emphasis is placed upon responsibility, accountability, and personal and professional value systems.
Emphasis is placed upon responsible decision making with a look to the future.
Emphasis is placed upon scenic presentation, de-emphasizing authorial comment and evaluation.
Emphasis is placed upon scientific training methods, planning practices and meet organization.
Emphasis is placed upon semiconductors and electronic instruments.
Emphasis is placed upon sentence structure, with exercises in analysis and translation.
Emphasis is placed upon several topics.
Emphasis is placed upon skills development.
Emphasis is placed upon skills which are critical to functioning on the job.
Emphasis is placed upon social, institutional and cultural development.
Emphasis is placed upon social-psychological and educational perspectives.
Emphasis is placed upon socio-economic impacts.
Emphasis is placed upon solution of concise, key problems in cell physiology and neurobiology.
Emphasis is placed upon sound practices in planning and implementing efficient food service layouts.
Emphasis is placed upon spatial sampling, hypothesis testing, correlation and regression.
Emphasis is placed upon specific problems.
Emphasis is placed upon speeches used in business, educational, and political activities.
Emphasis is placed upon strategic planning in the global business environment.
Emphasis is placed upon structure and function of human movement.
Emphasis is placed upon structured vocabulary development and college level reading skills.
Emphasis is placed upon student experiences, reading, group discussion and class projects.
Emphasis is placed upon survey research design and secondary analysis of existing data.
Emphasis is placed upon tactical principle and military training.
Emphasis is placed upon technical proficiency.
Emphasis is placed upon the ability to reproduce details, colors, and styles.
Emphasis is placed upon the acquisition of funds, cash flow, and capital investment within the firm.
Emphasis is placed upon the analysis of language as an aid to sound thinking.
Emphasis is placed upon the anatomical and functional organization of the central nervous system.
Emphasis is placed upon the application of philosophical thought to real life.
Emphasis is placed upon the application of phonemic awareness for effective reading instruction.
Emphasis is placed upon the application of physiologic knowledge to animals and humans.
Emphasis is placed upon the application of such knowledge and competencies in a practical setting.
Emphasis is placed upon the application to problems in physics and chemistry.
Emphasis is placed upon the appropriateness of each method for different research problems.
Emphasis is placed upon the art and thought of the writers.
Emphasis is placed upon the balanced development of professional skills and research competencies .
Emphasis is placed upon the basic functions of management operating in a dynamic world.
Emphasis is placed upon the challenges with legal and social issues.
Emphasis is placed upon the characteristics of families and orders.
Emphasis is placed upon the correct application and use of engine servicing.
Emphasis is placed upon the cultural context within which the works of art are created.
Emphasis is placed upon the cultural contexts of the works read.
Emphasis is placed upon the decision-making and conflict resolution.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of a methodical approach to studying biblical literature.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of an advanced vocabulary base.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of an individual creative direction.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of comedy and satire as literary genres.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of correct, efficient programs that are easy to maintain.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of enterprise applications in Internet environments.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of general musicianship including sight reading skills.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of history as a literary genre and an intellectual endeavor.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of internal energy, chi, and external flexibility.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of metaphysics, epistemology, and logic.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of portable programs.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of religious education as a vocation.
Emphasis is placed upon the development of therapeutic communication skills.
Emphasis is placed upon the dissection of selected representative vertebrates.
Emphasis is placed upon the economics and life cycle costs of EVs.
Emphasis is placed upon the effect of the environment on history.
Emphasis is placed upon the ending phase and related practice skills.
Emphasis is placed upon the experimental and research literature.
Emphasis is placed upon the formation of compassionate and evangelistic pastors.
Emphasis is placed upon the foundational issues of Old Testament history and interpretation.
Emphasis is placed upon the foundations and conflicting conceptions of curriculum in art education.
Emphasis is placed upon the functional departmental organization of present day business.
Emphasis is placed upon the goal of developing the proper marketing mix.
Emphasis is placed upon the handling of microorganisms.
Emphasis is placed upon the highest level of performance standards and commitment to excellence.
Emphasis is placed upon the historical and philosophical aspect of health and physical education.
Emphasis is placed upon the human anatomy and physiology.
Emphasis is placed upon the ideas, social movements, and the great people of history.
Emphasis is placed upon the identification and productive use of specific market factors.
Emphasis is placed upon the independent use of light and electron microscopes.
Emphasis is placed upon the influences which determined the architectural characteristics.
Emphasis is placed upon the inter-relationship of culture, governance and community relations.
Emphasis is placed upon the interrelationships of the various systems of the body.
Emphasis is placed upon the legal relationships of states in war and peace.
Emphasis is placed upon the methods of analysis and data interpretation.
Emphasis is placed upon the native aspects of the biota.
Emphasis is placed upon the nature and functions of education organization in modern societies.
Emphasis is placed upon the nature, organization and maintenance of the elementary music program.
Emphasis is placed upon the nature, organization and maintenance of the instrumental programs.
Emphasis is placed upon the necessary controls for reliable data.
Emphasis is placed upon the pathology, diagnoses and preventive measures.
Emphasis is placed upon the physical environment and the processes that support life.
Emphasis is placed upon the political regions of the world.
Emphasis is placed upon the practical aspects of care and treatment.
Emphasis is placed upon the principles of diagnosis and treatment of common surgical disorders.
Emphasis is placed upon the procedural, historical, and jurisprudential dimensions of American law.
Emphasis is placed upon the professional development of the student.
Emphasis is placed upon the set-up, operation and preventative maintenance of wide belt sanders.
Emphasis is placed upon the strategic use of typography as a primary design element.
Emphasis is placed upon the students' participation within a jazz-structured ensemble.
Emphasis is placed upon the study and performance of music literature.
Emphasis is placed upon the study of relationships and responsibilities as the family expands.
Emphasis is placed upon the study of technique and characterization.
Emphasis is placed upon the support of public education at the local, state, and federal levels.
Emphasis is placed upon the surgical, reconstructive and maintenance phases of periodontal therapy.
Emphasis is placed upon the team approach to athletic health care.
Emphasis is placed upon the technology of welding and related skill development.
Emphasis is placed upon the theoretical foundations of the American constitutional system.
Emphasis is placed upon the theory underlying the behavior of materials.
Emphasis is placed upon the topics of knowledge representation and problem solving.
Emphasis is placed upon the training of supervisory personnel in sanitation procedures.
Emphasis is placed upon the transcription, proofreading and editing of actual doctors' reports.
Emphasis is placed upon the transcription, proofreading and editing of medical reports.
Emphasis is placed upon the type of corrosion encountered by military equipment.
Emphasis is placed upon the unique characteristics of corporations.
Emphasis is placed upon the uniqueness of birds in relation to their environment.
Emphasis is placed upon the use of fresh foods.
Emphasis is placed upon the use of models and indirect evidence to understand microscopic phenomena.
Emphasis is placed upon the use of primary sources and new perspectives upon the roles of women.
Emphasis is placed upon the vertebrate visual and auditory systems.
Emphasis is placed upon thinking about the movements and concepts as well as skill development.
Emphasis is placed upon thought rather than on grammar or style.
Emphasis is placed upon three major classes of compounds, carboaromatics, terpenes, and alkaloids.
Emphasis is placed upon tracing the roots of folk traditions.
Emphasis is placed upon traditions native to Japan.
Emphasis is placed upon training and development, compensation, labor laws and labor relations.
Emphasis is placed upon training of younger members.
Emphasis is placed upon transcribing dictated material into letter form with accuracy and speed.
Emphasis is placed upon typographical experimentation.
Emphasis is placed upon understanding physical processes in various environmental settings.
Emphasis is placed upon use of electronic spreadsheets as business financial calculators.
Emphasis is placed upon use of general purpose integrated computer software.
Emphasis is placed upon use of macroeconomic theory.
Emphasis is placed upon use of the proper technique in relation to design.
Emphasis is placed upon using appropriate strategies to reach particular target groups.
Emphasis is placed upon using concepts and theories to analyze and critique arguments.
Emphasis is placed upon using reactions to deduce structure and to synthesize new compounds.
Emphasis is placed upon using viable techniques to hold workers responsible for their assignments.
Emphasis is placed upon various theories of rhetoric and upon literary oratory.
Emphasis is placed upon viewing fruit planting as a system.
Emphasis is placed upon vocabulary building, speaking, and comprehension.
Emphasis is placed upon writing for a variety of audiences and a variety of purposes.
Emphasis is placed upon young adulthood and the remaining portion of the life cycle.
Emphasis is placed, therefore, on the ability to speak and write effectively.
Emphasis is placedon individual growth and the development of a personalvisual aesthetic.
Emphasis is placedon poetry, drama, short story, novel, and film.
Emphasis is placedon properly working the problems.
Emphasis is placedupon the surgical, reconstructive and maintenance phases of periodontal therapy.
Emphasis is places on basic functions and familiarity with computer use.
Emphasis is places on family albums.
Emphasis is places on financial statement preparation analysis.
Emphasis is places on managerial concepts and practices relevant to business.
Emphasis is places on professional training, with Bachelor of Science core curriculum requirements.
Emphasis is places on the graphic composition and artistic component of cartography.
Emphasis is places on the responsibility of citizens as well as their fundamental rights.
Emphasis is places on the scope of direct marketing and the nature of what direct marketers do.
Emphasis is places on the validity and reliability of health care information.
Emphasis is places on theoretical analysis and empirical studies of change.
Emphasis is prepared by the breath, carried out by the tongue.
Emphasis is primarily on a restorative vs. a preventative approach.
Emphasis is primarily on industrial with basics covered in construction.
Emphasis is primarily on instruction of strategic reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is primarily on linguistic transference from one medium to another.
Emphasis is primarily on the identification of business opportunities and employment vacancies.
Emphasis is primarily on the internal organization.
Emphasis is primarily on the twentieth century and current scholarship.
Emphasis is primarily on words derived from Latin.
Emphasis is primarily on writing for the print media and on frequent writing against a deadline.
Emphasis is primarily on writing for the print media.
Emphasis is provided by the following humorous anecdote.
Emphasis is provided to dispute resolution machinery.
Emphasis is published quarterly and is distributed through subscriptions and other channels.
Emphasis is put on a new component called the project workspace tool .
Emphasis is put on academic achievement rather than politics of diversity and poverty.
Emphasis is put on accuracy and comparison with series expansions.
Emphasis is put on active participation of the participants.
Emphasis is put on addresses within Europe and the Mediterranean area.
Emphasis is put on an underestanding of the regulation of whole body metabolism.
Emphasis is put on avoiding formalisms and presenting gradually every new concepts.
Emphasis is put on balance and quickness.
Emphasis is put on both unidirectional and vectorial models.
Emphasis is put on case studies, simulations and small-scale projects.
Emphasis is put on chairmanship and group discussion rules that are used in all organizations.
Emphasis is put on continuing education.
Emphasis is put on cooperative learning, language arts, and literature connections.
Emphasis is put on creativity,technique, and problem solving.
Emphasis is put on detailed examples as opposed to hypothetical situations.
Emphasis is put on detecting possible C rank deficiency.
Emphasis is put on developing classroom practices that maximize student participation.
Emphasis is put on developing listening comprehension and immediate response.
Emphasis is put on dynamic nonlinear plants and adaptive feedback through neural networks.
Emphasis is put on education and drug-abuse prevention.
Emphasis is put on education as well as prophylactic treatment.
Emphasis is put on effective methodology for educating learners with mild mental retardation.
Emphasis is put on enhancing organizational effectiveness.
Emphasis is put on exercises for low back pain.
Emphasis is put on fitness through participation as well as higher levels of skills and strategy.
Emphasis is put on fitness through participation, as well as higher levels of skills and strategy.
Emphasis is put on floor exercises and tumbling skills.
Emphasis is put on guessing the optimal vertex at as early a stage as possible.
Emphasis is put on having fun as kids build confidence, coordination and leadership skills.
Emphasis is put on having the students prepare the text with a chavrusa.
Emphasis is put on how the theoretical basis for the treatment method is described and documented.
Emphasis is put on how to utilize the software in the participants daily work.
Emphasis is put on intersdisciplinary approaches.
Emphasis is put on language accuracy.
Emphasis is put on large-scale DNA sequencing using robotics for liquid and magnetic handling.
Emphasis is put on learning biology through collaborative problem solving and inquiry.
Emphasis is put on lively discussion.
Emphasis is put on management skills like analysing problem situations, planning and monitoring.
Emphasis is put on mothering ability and sound udders.
Emphasis is put on novel approaches, concepts, and results.
Emphasis is put on officer safety and working within established legal and ethical parameters.
Emphasis is put on oral communication.
Emphasis is put on polar, temperate and subtropical waters.
Emphasis is put on practical problems that are difficult to solve numerically.
Emphasis is put on process, or how students can improve their overall learning.
Emphasis is put on qualitative understanding, and the use of equations is kept to minimum.
Emphasis is put on quality, especially in the areas of cleanliness and guest care.
Emphasis is put on reading and math on both remedial and advanced levels.
Emphasis is put on realism and tasks set are simulations of business experience.
Emphasis is put on recent results on the asymptotic behaviour using a semigroup approach.
Emphasis is put on safety, sensitivity to the environment and fun.
Emphasis is put on self-exploration as related to personal values, feelings, and needs.
Emphasis is put on social insects.
Emphasis is put on software development for data security products.
Emphasis is put on speech, intonation, grammatical proficiency, and vocabulary.
Emphasis is put on the analysis of critical states in urban traffic systems.
Emphasis is put on the blossoming season for each botanical species.
Emphasis is put on the combination of logics and constraint systems.
Emphasis is put on the conceptual differences between different schemes.
Emphasis is put on the construction of good business letters, memoranda, resumes, and reports.
Emphasis is put on the effects related to livestock.
Emphasis is put on the excitement of learning and participating rather than the drive to win.
Emphasis is put on the importance of being at school and on time.
Emphasis is put on the importance of capacity planning and selecting the correct hardware.
Emphasis is put on the importance of reading and of helping others.
Emphasis is put on the management of pain and other symptoms associated with terminal illness.
Emphasis is put on the profound mutual influence there is between society and the individual.
Emphasis is put on the relationship between health, environment and development.
Emphasis is put on the result from the contingent valuation method.
Emphasis is put on the role of the protein matrix in the process of excitation energy dissipation.
Emphasis is put on the sources.
Emphasis is put on the structural relationships between landform elements.
Emphasis is put on the temporal and explanatory aspects of causal reasoning.
Emphasis is put on the test of imagination and thinking rather than on the test of knowledge.
Emphasis is put on the ways in which social structures generate and label deviance.
Emphasis is put on the writing of results and conclusions.
Emphasis is put on their combined use.
Emphasis is put on training others in the partner church to continue the work.
Emphasis is put on vector amenability to indoor residual spraying.
Emphasis is put on vigorous yet uncompleted movements or dynamic actions.
Emphasis is put on visual tools.
Emphasis is put on ways in which social structures generate and label deviants.
Emphasis is put on words that have more than one meaning.
Emphasis is rather upon learning from the land in a spirit of balance and respect.
Emphasis is reader-centered writing in the creation of instructional materials.
Emphasis is runs to the natives and woodland wildflowers.
Emphasis is still on technique and fun, but more complex tactics can be introduced.
Emphasis is still on the Bible, but practical church work is also stressed.
Emphasis is system recovery and availability, and problem determination techniques.
Emphasis is that of the Author.
Emphasis is the bonding of the breath and moving from the core of the body.
Emphasis is the development of a love for sailing as a lifelong pursuit.
Emphasis is the development of academic and career goals.
Emphasis is the education of people with disabilities and gifted students.
Emphasis is the marine environment.
Emphasis is the practicable.
Emphasis is the stress or prominence given to an idea or design element.
Emphasis is the study of literature, language and linguistics, and culture.
Emphasis is thematic and readings are predominantly contemporary.
Emphasis is thematic.
Emphasis is then place upon chemical composition and chemical quantities.
Emphasis is theoretical, historical, and comparative.
Emphasis is to application in clinical research and practice.
Emphasis is to be given to early breast, cervical and skin cancer diagnosis and treatment.
Emphasis is to be given to the contingency theory of management.
Emphasis is to be maintained on the acquiring of properly qualified faculty.
Emphasis is to be on space mathematics applications.
Emphasis is to be on supporting public health and safety.
Emphasis is to be placed in the area of research of the professor teaching the course.
Emphasis is to be placed on basic plasma science research.
Emphasis is to be placed on capital appreciation and growth of earnings.
Emphasis is to be placed on customer guidance, instruction and repair.
Emphasis is to be placed on manners with extreme speed being penalized.
Emphasis is to be placed on preventive services and permanency planning.
Emphasis is to be placed on the benefits for students on campus and elsewhere.
Emphasis is to be placed on the philosophical approach to probation, pardon and parole.
Emphasis is to be placed upon the ghetto and the urbanized region in postindustrial societies.
Emphasis is to compile a portfolio for presentation to prospective employers and clients.
Emphasis is to prepare the student for more specialized stylistic improvisation.
Emphasis is too weak a word.
Emphasis is topical and utilizes group learning.
Emphasis is towards applications.
Emphasis is trade magazines and journals.
Emphasis is upon a variety of major theories and systems.
Emphasis is upon analysis of local areas.
Emphasis is upon anatomical analysis of body movement.
Emphasis is upon application to curriculum development, teaching situations, and training.
Emphasis is upon applying theories and techniques to actual group situations.
Emphasis is upon art production.
Emphasis is upon aspects of development most related to clinical issues.
Emphasis is upon assessing international developments and trade relating to business.
Emphasis is upon both Western and non-Western religions.
Emphasis is upon case method as the basis of marketing decisions with computer applications.
Emphasis is upon classification, identification, and collection of specimens in the field.
Emphasis is upon computational skills.
Emphasis is upon concept development and technical skills for visual communication.
Emphasis is upon concepts derived from the independent research and discussion.
Emphasis is upon conceptual understanding rather than memorization of processes.
Emphasis is upon concert band repertoire and preparation for performance.
Emphasis is upon constructions, congruence, parallelism, and similarity.
Emphasis is upon contemporary writers.
Emphasis is upon cooking herbs along with decorative plants for dried flower arrangements.
Emphasis is upon cooperative blending of all theatre activities into a finished public performance.
Emphasis is upon creation of high quality fiction with possible view to publication.
Emphasis is upon credit and collection methods relating to profitability and capacity to pay debts.
Emphasis is upon critical analysis and other process skills.
Emphasis is upon current develoments related to population, urbanization, and economic activity.
Emphasis is upon current developments related to population, urbanization, and economic activity.
Emphasis is upon delegation of tasks so that subordinates make their maximum contribution.
Emphasis is upon design, layout, and execution of basic publishing techniques used in publishing.
Emphasis is upon design, layout, and execution of techniques used in publishing.
Emphasis is upon developing an effective, concise, direct writing style.
Emphasis is upon developing particular expertise in ambulatory nutritional settings.
Emphasis is upon directed dissertation research rather than classroom instruction.
Emphasis is upon dynamic factors in the development of differential psychological disorders.
Emphasis is upon English and American drama.
Emphasis is upon expanding employment opportunities for low and moderate income persons.
Emphasis is upon forecasting cash flows and estimating risk.
Emphasis is upon formal speaking in small group and public address formats.
Emphasis is upon government and politics in Oregon.
Emphasis is upon group settings which provide quality care for infants.
Emphasis is upon helping students become informed consumers of psychological research.
Emphasis is upon high volume discrete production and flexible manufacturing systems.
Emphasis is upon independent and mature attention to the work.
Emphasis is upon in-depth study of works selected by the instructor.
Emphasis is upon indigenous aesthetics as well as historical interrelationships.
Emphasis is upon individual and public health effects of balanced exercise and nutrition.
Emphasis is upon learning difficulties which tend to influence school performance adversely.
Emphasis is upon locally-available computing systems.
Emphasis is upon mastering the facts first.
Emphasis is upon meeting the needs of the client for health promotion, attainment and maintenance.
Emphasis is upon memorization and recitation.
Emphasis is upon metaphysics and the problems of knowledge.
Emphasis is upon models of decision-making at the individualand group levels.
Emphasis is upon option-loaded learning for the individual child.
Emphasis is upon paleontologic principles, especially as applied to invertebrate fossils.
Emphasis is upon participation and organization for community health.
Emphasis is upon patriotic education throughout the curriculum.
Emphasis is upon philosophy as involving a continuous and perennial dialogue between great minds.
Emphasis is upon physical, cultural, and economic factors which shape regional landscapes.
Emphasis is upon popular repertoire and choreographed performance.
Emphasis is upon preparation for research activities at the school district level.
Emphasis is upon primate and human psychosocial development.
Emphasis is upon principles and methodology.
Emphasis is upon procedural and administrative issues common to pollution control regulation.
Emphasis is upon providing comfortable, safe, reasonably priced living accommodations and programs.
Emphasis is upon reading and discussing economic policy studies.
Emphasis is upon reading and understanding accounting documents, rather than upon their preparation.
Emphasis is upon reading as the exploration of cultural difference.
Emphasis is upon recent mapping.
Emphasis is upon refinement of the student's skills in observation and interpretation.
Emphasis is upon research, analysis, brief drawing, and actual debate.
Emphasis is upon resource interrelationships in units such as watersheds, urban hinterlands.
Emphasis is upon rhetorical principles of mediated communication.
Emphasis is upon selection and organization of materials.
Emphasis is upon skill development, river safety, and hazard evaluation.
Emphasis is upon small group activities and oral presentations.
Emphasis is upon student-based problem solving using systems methodology.
Emphasis is upon studying life processes at the molecular and cellular level.
Emphasis is upon taxonomy, speciation and biotic provinces.
Emphasis is upon techniques for the predictable control of hard and soft tissue and oral fluids.
Emphasis is upon tests of significance and assumptions governing their application.
Emphasis is upon the analysis and design of networking applications in business.
Emphasis is upon the analysis and design of networking applications in organizations.
Emphasis is upon the analysis and design of networking solutions in business.
Emphasis is upon the analysis of primary texts.
Emphasis is upon the Caribbean writers.
Emphasis is upon the contingency as well as the facts of history.
Emphasis is upon the development of effective communication in the workplace.
Emphasis is upon the development of orderly and safe shop procedures.
Emphasis is upon the development of orderly, safe shop procedures and manual skill development.
Emphasis is upon the differences as well as the similarities between the various styles.
Emphasis is upon the economics of choice, production, exchange, competition and monopoly.
Emphasis is upon the identification of issues and problems for disciplined inquiry.
Emphasis is upon the impact of the West and the consequent evolution of modern East Asia.
Emphasis is upon the listening and study requirement of the courses offered by the school.
Emphasis is upon the modern types that live today.
Emphasis is upon the most recent mapping for any area or subject.
Emphasis is upon the practice of ministry informed by analytic and ministerial research skills.
Emphasis is upon the procedures and technology for producing photographs for reproduction.
Emphasis is upon the process of writing, with writing assignments in class and outside class.
Emphasis is upon the properties of operations in several different algebraic systems.
Emphasis is upon the quality of the information presented.
Emphasis is upon the reader's engagement with the text.
Emphasis is upon the relationship of such behavior to social structure and social processes.
Emphasis is upon the study and performance of musical literature.
Emphasis is upon the subject matter and it is generally a non-thesis program.
Emphasis is upon the theme, structure, general content and significance of each book.
Emphasis is upon the work of preservation professionals and preservation organizations and agencies.
Emphasis is upon traditional torts as well as emerging tort liability.
Emphasis is upon U.S. national data.
Emphasis is upon understanding the limitations in practice of the American democratic ideal.
Emphasis is upon understanding the mechanical principles employed.
Emphasis is upon understanding the synergy of marketing, sport and society.
Emphasis is upon understanding the synergy of marketing, sport, and society.
Emphasis is upon using materials from the natural world and the creative process.
Emphasis is upon utilization of cost data in planning and controlling activities.
Emphasis is upon variety of approach and generalization of learning across situations.
Emphasis is upon vertebrate physiology with comparisons drawn from the entire animal kingdom.
Emphasis is upon ways to ensure continuing and lifelong professional growth as teachers.
Emphasis is upon what has already become, or is well on the way to becoming, policy.
Emphasis is upon what has changed in the most recent eight months.
Emphasis is upon written analysis and oral presentation of selections.
Emphasis is used in graphics to attract attention and to dramatize certain aspects.
Emphasis is used in the text when an important new term is introduced.
Emphasis is used to suggest a meaning different from the actual content of the proposition.
Emphasis is usually on prevention.
Emphasis is utilization of range conditions and low cost of production.
Emphasis is very much on the construction feasibility side rather than design.
Emphasis is when an artist makes one part of the artwork more important than another.
Emphasis is with adults in long term and community setting.
Emphasis is with ornamental plants.
Emphasis isa status.
Emphasis lies both on quantitative description and a model-oriented approach.
Emphasis lies in collecting money to upgrade.
Emphasis lies in new techniques and fresh artistic goals beyond standard workshopping.
Emphasis lies on Australia, Europe, South East Asia and the Americas.
Emphasis lies on developing an organized system of note taking and text book study.
Emphasis lies on the importance of negative energy states and rescattering diagrams.
Emphasis lies on the interdisciplinary area of the design of processes and equipment.
Emphasis lies on vocabulary building, reading of cultural material and conversational skills.
Emphasis lies with prevention as well as coping with common problems of living.
Emphasis moves to writing full-length essays.
Emphasis moves toward team sports, including basic offensive and defensive strategies.
Emphasis needs to be given to personality and motivation factors as well.
Emphasis needs to be given to upgrading tourist facilities .
Emphasis needs to be on technical development first and, actually, only.
Emphasis needs to be placed on community service.
Emphasis needs to be placed on creating and managing sustainable wetlands.
Emphasis needs to be placed on family strengths, resources, and priorities.
Emphasis needs to be placed on presentation of proposals, reports and oral discussions.
Emphasis needs to be placed on the flick backwards and then just let the hand go forward.
Emphasis needs to be placed on the future and the threats to the biome.
Emphasis needs to be placed on the internal controls.
Emphasis needs to be placed on the word sudden.
Emphasis needs to be placed on what students learn and on performance standards .
Emphasis needs to be placed upon establishing a feeling of safety.
Emphasis provides a means by which attention can be drawn to the important elements of a visual.
Emphasis remains on linguistic functioning in real situations.
Emphasis remains on listening and speaking skills.
Emphasis remains on refining oral and written communication skills.
Emphasis remains on skill development while speed and endurance training is introduced.
Emphasis remains on the four skills and on critical thinking skills.
Emphasis remains on the spoken language.
Emphasis rests on the exotic and bizarre at the expense of mainstream material. . . .
Emphasis rests on the logis and methods of rational choice explanations.
Emphasis rotates on a three year basis between water, land and air.
Emphasis seems to be on lines from popular movies, tv shows and commercials.
Emphasis seems to be on painting techniques.
Emphasis seems to have been entirely on communication between processes.
Emphasis still is on strong newspaper writing, editing and layout.
Emphasis still seems to be on creating synergy via technology among portfolio management firms.
Emphasis tends to be on trader-analyst jobs.
Emphasis then moves to stroke and turn techniques, endurance, and conditioning.
Emphasis then shifts to consecrated life.
Emphasis then shifts to the atmosphere, with special focus on the climate system.
Emphasis There are times when words or phrases in the text can helpfully be emphasized.
Emphasis therefore moves away from writing lives of Jesus.
Emphasis varies according to individual needs and interests.
Emphasis varies according to level.
Emphasis varies across different placements.
Emphasis varies and is announced in workshop title.
Emphasis varies between the studies of democratic and totalitarian philosophies of governance.
Emphasis varies by genre each semester.
Emphasis varies by instructor.
Emphasis varies by semester.
Emphasis varies depending on enrollment.
Emphasis varies each time offered.
Emphasis varies from quarter to quarter.
Emphasis varies from semester to semester.
Emphasis varies from term to term.
Emphasis varies from year to year.
Emphasis varies to suit the needs of the class.
Emphasis varies with instructor.
Emphasis varies with student interest.
Emphasis varies with the instructor.
Emphasis varies yearly.
All emphases are to be found in the original.
All emphases provide a foundation for graduate study.
All emphasis is directed toward the sky, the source of ever-changing light and shadow.
All emphasis is on developing good improvisation.
Many emphases are possible within the geology minor.
More emphases are in the process of development.
More emphasis also is made on environmental study.
More emphasis has to be laid on improving logical thinking and analytical capabilities.
More emphasis has to be put on prevention of disease rather than control after an outbreak.
More emphasis is given to improvisation and public speaking.
More emphasis is given to practical issues and troubleshooting than statistical theory.
More emphasis is given to qualitative than quantitative applications.
More emphasis is given to the development of original thinking and writing in the language.
More emphasis is given to the fundamentals of database processing and design of the data model.
More emphasis is given to the post World War II period.
More emphasis is needed especially on the local level.
More emphasis is needed in partner search and consortium building.
More emphasis is needed on improving service levels.
More emphasis is needed on reducing unnecessary burdens on information providers.
More emphasis is needed on the epidemiology of diabetes.
More emphasis is needed on the latter.
More emphasis is on reading and math.
More emphasis is on the environment, less on agriculture.
More emphasis is placed of some areas of content than others.
More emphasis is placed on better nutrition and physical fitness.
More emphasis is placed on continuous improvement.
More emphasis is placed on critical reading and writing.
More emphasis is placed on developing students' skills than on transmitting information.
More emphasis is placed on elementary concepts of calculus.
More emphasis is placed on individualized instruction and independent study.
More emphasis is placed on individualized instruction, developing technique, and experimentation.
More emphasis is placed on keeping the food good and the prices low than on atmosphere and decor.
More emphasis is placed on laboratory experimentation and human physiology.
More emphasis is placed on learning the language syntax and the programming reference guide.
More emphasis is placed on long term patient care management and specific injury evaluation.
More emphasis is placed on personal fitness and enjoyment of a healthy lifestyle.
More emphasis is placed on precision in language, rigor, and proof.
More emphasis is placed on precision in language, rigor, and the use of technology.
More emphasis is placed on problem solving and the theoretical aspects of most topics.
More emphasis is placed on reading and writing than occurred preiously.
More emphasis is placed on reading and writing that occurred previously.
More emphasis is placed on reading for comprehension and on writing correctly.
More emphasis is placed on reading, writing and grammar.
More emphasis is placed on reporting the process than the product.
More emphasis is placed on rules of road and driver skills analysis.
More emphasis is placed on rules of the road and driver skills.
More emphasis is placed on speaking.
More emphasis is placed on student-directed projects.
More emphasis is placed on students use of correct technique.
More emphasis is placed on style and execution of movement at an intermediate level.
More emphasis is placed on style and execution.
More emphasis is placed on team competition and team cooperation than on basic individual skills.
More emphasis is placed on technique and skill development in all of the events.
More emphasis is placed on the basics of navigation and control.
More emphasis is placed on the candidate's contribution to the referee program.
More emphasis is placed on the development of the reading and writing.
More emphasis is placed on the quality and comfort of bedrooms, including remote-control TVs.
More emphasis is placed on the technique and the students are exposed to more steps.
More emphasis is placed on weather conditions than disease status.
More emphasis is put on fishing and agriculture.
More emphasis is put on learning and advancing the skills of baseball instead of competitive play.
More emphasis is put on the first eigenfunctions of the kernel.
More emphasis is put on the plot and there is usually a love story worked in there some place.
More emphasis is to be placed on promotion and the contact of individual associations.
More emphasis needs to be given to fulfilling visitor expectations.
More emphasis needs to be placed on counseling and educational programs.
More emphasis needs to be placed on effectiveness than on quantity and strength.
More emphasis needs to be placed on finding an alternative, sustainable solution.
More emphasis needs to be placed on promotion of the teams and the league.
More emphasis needs to be placed on stress testing and contingency planning.
More emphasis needs to be placed on the adoption of policies which reduce the demand for drugs.
More emphasis needs to be placed on the development of bicycle and pedestrian trails.
More emphasis needs to be placed on the prevention of accidents.
More emphasis needs to be placed upon issues affecting wellness.
More emphasis needs to be put on exploring the knowledge systems that come from the ground.
Most emphases focus on mass communication industries and activities.
Most emphasis is given to the Jungian perspective, however.
Most emphasis is on European aquaculture operations.
Most emphasis is on major religions.
Most emphasis is on professional experience and practical training.
Most emphasis is on travel time rather than distance.
Most emphasis is placed on meeting cost and schedule requirements.
Most emphasis is placed on the latter, singular perturbations.
Much emphasis is given in the final year to research aspects of the two subjects.
Much emphasis is given to human relations.
Much emphasis is given to psychological and behavioral aspects.
Much emphasis is given to strengthening basic techniques and developing confidence.
Much emphasis is given to the study of the time value of money.
Much emphasis is laid on practical power electronics systems that are commonly used.
Much emphasis is made concerning minute differences in measured performance.
Much emphasis is on etiology.
Much emphasis is on speaking clearly and developing listening skills.
Much emphasis is placed in effective and regular submissions of web sites to search engines.
Much emphasis is placed on academic excellence in Vietnamese families.
Much emphasis is placed on analysis.
Much emphasis is placed on cadets to meet established academic standards.
Much emphasis is placed on class discussion.
Much emphasis is placed on climate change.
Much emphasis is placed on communication in Spanish from the first day of class.
Much emphasis is placed on conversational practice.
Much emphasis is placed on correct usage of appropriate business vocabulary and German grammar.
Much emphasis is placed on courses being based to the greatest possible extent on relevant research.
Much emphasis is placed on de-stressing the system and rebalancing the body.
Much emphasis is placed on developing leaders to serve each congregation.
Much emphasis is placed on early America.
Much emphasis is placed on experimentation, hypotheses, and problem-solving.
Much emphasis is placed on genre and literary tradition.
Much emphasis is placed on humane deterrence' of the economic migrant.
Much emphasis is placed on individual attention.
Much emphasis is placed on maintaining the quality of the serials collection.
Much emphasis is placed on meeting the needs of our customers.
Much emphasis is placed on participation in classroom discussions.
Much emphasis is placed on practicals, since physiology is above all an experimental science.
Much emphasis is placed on producing students with a good work attitude.
Much emphasis is placed on prompt and expert customer support.
Much emphasis is placed on properly preparing students for the future.
Much emphasis is placed on solving problems related to bodily movement and control.
Much emphasis is placed on speaking and creative writing.
Much emphasis is placed on students understanding the basic units of measure.
Much emphasis is placed on support and motivation to ensure their success.
Much emphasis is placed on team building, leadership skills, and appreciation of diversity.
Much emphasis is placed on the analysis and comprehension of the medieval commentaries.
Much emphasis is placed on the analysis of hose and tube markets and hose and tube materials.
Much emphasis is placed on the economic and racial inequalities in the United States.
Much emphasis is placed on the effective power that every thought, feeling.
Much emphasis is placed on the exchange of information between participants.
Much emphasis is placed on the language arts and mathematics programs.
Much emphasis is placed on the mystical aspects of life .
Much emphasis is placed on the personal and social development of the students.
Much emphasis is placed on the portrayal of specific energies and feelings.
Much emphasis is placed on the positive effects of music.
Much emphasis is placed on the potential of new metaphors for governance as an unexplored resource.
Much emphasis is placed on the promotion of equality and respect of human rights.
Much emphasis is placed on the rate, amount, and mode of presentation of the classroom material.
Much emphasis is placed on the system's academic program.
Much emphasis is placed on the use of acid-free materials and reversible techniques.
Much emphasis is placed on units and reconciling the units in an answer.
Much emphasis is placed on usage, word choice, sentence writing, and tone.
Much emphasis is placed on using the target language.
Much emphasis is placed on using the target.
Much emphasis is placed upon elegance and style.
Much emphasis is placed upon presentation of work that is of high quality.
Much emphasis is placed upon the terms hard and difficult, when thinking of exams.
Much emphasis is put on a versatile structure.
Much emphasis is put on English training.
Much emphasis is put on group work.
Much emphasis is put on nurturing in the couple relationship.
Much emphasis is put on preventive medicine and education.
Much emphasis is put on safety.
Much emphasis is spent on taking care of one's clothes and appearance.
Much emphasis seems placed on the rich nations of the world where computer dependence is widespread.
Some emphasis has advantage.
Some emphasis is given to applications of psychological principles and methods.
Some emphasis is given to aspects of the brain that affect speech and language.
Some emphasis is given to evaluating the testing process itself, as well.
Some emphasis is given to nutritional concerns in dental disease and treatment.
Some emphasis is given to research and experimentation.
Some emphasis is given to the application of behavioral principles to daily life.
Some emphasis is given to the Australian region.
Some emphasis is given to the historical development of United States foreign policy.
Some emphasis is given to the recent trends in government.
Some emphasis is given to the special role of education in democratic thought.
Some emphasis is on the elements of epic narrative and style.
Some emphasis is placed on films, dance, and musical theatre.
Some emphasis is placed on generators and motors.
Some emphasis is placed on medical and health applications of laboratory skills.
Some emphasis is placed on organizing and describing music.
Some emphasis is placed on proving identities.
Some emphasis is placed on punctuation and spelling.
Some emphasis is placed on the assignment of 'unidentified' optical and infrared spectra.
Some emphasis is placed on the basic mathematics of pharmacology and dosage control.
Some emphasis is placed on the development of agriculture and prehistoric state systems.
Some emphasis is placed on the development of managerial skills through student workshops.
Some emphasis is placed on the photochemical and photophysical processes occurring in molecules.
Some emphasis is placed on the states bordering Saskatchewan.
Some emphasis is placed on the study of virology as well as cellular and humoral immunology.
Some emphasis is placed on t-test, correlation, and analysis of variance.
Some emphasis is placed upon career uses of psychology.
Some emphasis is placed upon discussing problems related to ethnic subcultures.
Some emphasis is put on some teams a little heavier than others.
Some emphasis leads to explosions.
Emphasize fruit provides diets.
Emphasized words are in bold print.
Emphatic language is reduced as compared to cool season situations.
Emphysema has (part) coughs.
Emphysema isa disease.
Emphysematous pyelonephritis is a severe form of renal infection with gas-forming organisms.
Empire apples are susceptible to flesh softening and flesh breakdown.
Empire builders are concerned with numbers.
Empire builders look for growth opportunities.
Empire builders see a person as a prospect for membership.
Empire builders see the church as a business.
Empire building can be a seriously addictive process.
Empire building is a common trait in all bureaucracies.
Empire Empire Take the blue pill.
Empire styles emphasize top heaviness.
Empire waistlines are in many ways the most comfortable bridal silhouette.
An empire is a land
Empire also compares diagnoses with many patients' prescribed medications to see if they match.
Empire br le parfum of bronze.
Empire can help.
Empire Check out our photoalbum right here.
Empire connects nicely to the server and starts to behave like a 'multiuser' application.
Empire contains only a few minor weaknesses.
Empire deals with the crack issue.
Empire dooms itself to live in history and plot against history.
Empire extends from Aegean Sea to central Anatolia.
Empire frozen food is also available there.
Empire grants several scholarships every year.
Empire has a trap-exploder, that forwards traps to a list of hosts.
Empire has no railroads, and but one post office and one church edifice.
Empire has the grill thing down.
Empire Hides a thick waist and gives the illusion of height due to the high waist band.
Empire is a continuing world exploration and conquest game.
Empire is a demanding and very addicting real-time war game.
Empire is a game about global warfare.
Empire is a non-profit, member owned rural electric Cooperative .
Empire is a premium ticket broker for sports, concerts, theater and international events.
Empire is a real-time war game played over the internet with long tradition.
Empire is a real-time war game.
Empire is a slow cumulative process of corruption.
Empire is a small rural school south west of Duncan, Oklahoma.
Empire is a very suitable variety for high-density apple orchards and stores well.
Empire is also responsible for any unpaid interest on the line of credit.
Empire is an addicting real-time wargame that has a long tradition.
Empire is an elegiac film, but one limned with anger, with outrage.
Empire is an extremely ambitious attempt to theorize the economic and political world today.
Empire is an iron ore mining consortium that produces taconite pellets.
Empire is designed for the hard core computer game enthusiast.
Empire is independent of any financial institution or non-financial institution.
Empire is just such a text.
Empire is nice.
Empire is now a dirty word.
Empire is one of the very best apples for eating fresh and can be used in salads and fruit cups.
Empire is surrounded with beauty, history, and legend.
Empire is the foreign policy of the capitalist.
Empire is the furthest along.
Empire isa location.
Empire moves first.
Empire offers innovative solutions to our customers financial needs.
Empire plants itself upon the trails.
Empire Play a classic game of domination.
Empire points to cases where errant care was corrected before it did harm.
Empire records rocks.
Empire replaces mindcrime's brittle chill with bone-softening warmth.
Empire reports low recruitment levels.
Empire says it has been designed to cater for the hardened gamer plus the novice as well.
Empire says it makes one or two such calls a day.
Empire seems to have become obsessed with lists.
Empire Strikes Back .
Empire strikes back.
Empire Strikes Back.
Empires are books.
Empires are domains.
Empires are good raw or cooked in pies and sauces.
Empires are government.
Empires are local chapters of the fanclub, which are organized and run b the members of the empires.
Empires are monarchies.
Empires are multinational administrative structures ruled by an emperor.
Empires are singles.
Empires arise and crumble.
Empires based on it are evil empires.
Empires become drifted sand, and the queens of great loveliness are dust on the wind.
Empires begin to sink.
Empires belong to the past.
Empires can also broadcast messages to all empires in the game.
Empires can unite by conquering.
Empires contain territory.
Empires cost a lot of money.
Empires differ in their objectives.
Empires end in war.
Empires fall and crumble into dust.
Empires have a tendency to crumble.
Empires have positions.
Empires reshape the region, but are also reshaped in the process.
Empires rise and fall for the same reasons as before.
Empires rise and fall on the backs of their soldiers.
Empires rise and fall.
Empires rise, and empires fall.
Empires tend to proclaim some universal mission as justification for their existence.
Empires vary widely in the number of units they can field in a turn.
Empires work best when they seek expediency and forget about justice.
All empires come to an end.
All empires eventually decline and fall despite their valiant attempts to maintain the status quo.
All empires rise and fall.
Most empires contain territory.
Most empires have positions.
Some empires have ability.
Empiric data suggest that forward rotating shifts are generally better tolerated.
Empiric science is a science that is experimentally reproducible.
Empiric treatment is common.
Empirical algorithms are usually dependent on the application.
Empirical analyses suggest that lottery players also prefer skewness to variance.
Empirical analysis based on hard facts is a necessary complement.
Empirical analysis is a foundation for advancing understanding and creating intellectual progress.
Empirical analysis is based on a large sample of Swedish micro and small firms.
Empirical approaches provide an understanding based upon experimentation and observation.
Empirical concepts seem to be prime counter-instances to the claim that it is.
Empirical considerations show that there are no teachers of virtue .
Empirical data are fundamental to scientific research.
Empirical data are measurements derived either from observations or experiments.
Empirical data are necessary to make any conclusive statements.
Empirical data is collected on each task measuring the individual's accuracy and speed.
Empirical data supporting the theory is left for a future paper.
Empirical design is a reliable and acceptable way to build efficient masonry structures.
Any empirical discussion needs to be in easily accessible format for a practitioner audience.
Empirical distributions are like percentile plots turned on their sides.
Empirical economists talk that way, as if each finding is a nugget of fresh, significant insight.
Empirical evidence affirms inverse relationship.
Empirical evidence does, to be sure, play an important part in doing mathematics.
Empirical evidence indicates that ozone level is a function of NO x emitted.
Empirical evidence is ambiguous.
Empirical evidence is available from human use of weather forces in other activities.
Empirical evidence is brought to bear in support of that position.
Empirical evidence is discarded for wishful desires.
Empirical evidence is found that supports hypotheses derived from the proposed model of flexibility.
Empirical evidence is needed to show that the pattern works as claimed.
Empirical evidence is the only way to uncover the basis for rankings on a given search engine.
Empirical evidence is the primary way that belief is justified in the arena of science.
Empirical evidence offers support to the developed hypothesis.
Empirical evidence shows that believers are healthier and happier.
Empirical evidence shows that having qualified teachers improves student performance.
Empirical evidence shows that high inflation has a negative correlation with economic growth.
Empirical evidence shows that students that attend class and study regularly learn more.
Empirical evidence suggest the importance of mate switching and resource acquisition by the female.
Empirical evidence suggests that the experience was otherwise.
Empirical evidence suggests that the greatest time deficit for re-alignment exists at the receiver.
Empirical evidence suggests that the number who have lost benefits due to sanctions is substantial.
Empirical evidence supports our propositions.
Empirical evidence supports the resource model.
Empirical evidence tends to show that regional development occurs only in certain places.
All empirical evidence indicates double flunking is destructive to a child's self esteem.
More empirical evidence is required.
Empirical examples are important.
More empirical fieldwork is required to analyse the causes of the attrition rate.
Empirical finance combines knowledge of finance, statistics, and econometrics.
An empirical formula is a chemical formula
Empirical formulas give the ratio of atoms in the formula unit or molecule.
Empirical formulas show the simplest ratio of number of moles.
Empirical idealism is a skeptical idealism, rather than a dogmatic idealism.
Empirical information is information about the world as it is.
Empirical information takes a variety of forms from qualitative to quantitative.
Many empirical inquiries rely on data cast in language.
Empirical investigations can highlight the special role of a family homecare leader.
Empirical knowledge includes physics, biology, psychology, etc.
Empirical knowledge is built up from what is received through the senses.
Empirical knowledge is logically impossible but utterly necessary for existence.
Empirical knowledge keeps changing, and consequently does theoretical science.
Empirical manuscripts are particularly vulnerable to methodological problems.
Empirical material consists of the interviews.
Empirical measurements can never establish universal certainty.
Empirical methods give more reliable results but take more time and effort to perform.
Empirical methods seek to relate data to outcomes in a way that can be quantified for significance.
Empirical methods used to collect data usually involve unavoidable compromises.
Empirical models are standard tools in forest management.
Empirical models verify the theoretical model with experiments or experience.
Empirical observation reveals only differences among people.
Empirical observations stand regardless of the changing fashion of analytical gadgetry.
Empirical papers report some original research.
Empirical papers show that labor income and capital income are differently taxed all over the world.
Empirical principles are wholly incapable of serving as a foundation for moral laws.
Empirical probability is an approximation of abstract probability.
Empirical realism is a popular school.
Empirical realities have thus lead some to question the traditional model.
Empirical reality is guided by experience.
Empirical research Analyzes a problem based on knowledge.
Empirical research based on microeconomic models is reviewed.
Empirical research emphasizes direct observation and experimentation as a way to answer questions.
Empirical research is a wonderful thing.
Empirical research is designed to develop, extend, and test theories of memory.
Empirical research is done first-hand in a lab or field setting by the researcher to test a theory.
Empirical research is emphasized, and theoretical and integrative review articles are also featured.
Empirical research is first and foremost a logical, rather than a mathematical operation.
Empirical research is focussed on the international computer industry.
Empirical research is inquiries.
Empirical research is necessary to offset anecdotal evidence and untested assertions.
Empirical research is research
Empirical research is that which is based on observations of the real world.
Empirical research is the only type appropriate or of value for library and information science.
Empirical research looks at family interaction and at the society in which it functions.
Empirical research relies basically on correlation and natural history.
Empirical research suggests that effects of deleterious mutations are often multiplicative.
Empirical research takes time to design, analyze, and write up.
Empirical researchers are certainly an important part of society.
Empirical results are generally consistent with the hypothesis.
Empirical results are interesting.
Empirical results confirm the existence of both rational and naive expectations in the market.
Empirical results illustrate the effects of semantic distance and semantic direction.
Empirical results indicate that our new class of algorithms is indeed fast and effective.
Empirical results show that poor performance is the main reason for a fund's disappearance.
Empirical results show that query previews improve user performance.
Empirical results support the theoretical findings.
Empirical results tend to confirm that expectation.
Empirical results validate all four contributions within the simulated robotic soccer domain.
Empirical results validate all three contributions in controlled experiments.
Empirical results validate the layered learning approach.
Empirical results yield a bit rate comparable to that of a channel vocoder.
Empirical science follows directly from belief in a created and therefore contingent nature.
Empirical science has no satisfactory explanation for the actual origin of the material universe.
Empirical science invokes observable entities in explanations.
Empirical science is a collection of observed data.
Empirical science is repeatable, forensic science concerns unrepeatable events.
Empirical science requires prudent hypotheses that stick close to the data.
Empirical science rests on the idea the physical world is out there.
Empirical scientists are at one end, and speculative philosophers are at the other.
Empirical statements attempt to portray the world as it is.
Empirical studies can show how the experiment was actually run.
Empirical studies can show how the experiment was really run.
Empirical studies demonstrate the advantages of such hybrid schemes.
Empirical studies have additional benefits.
Empirical studies involve applications of one or more models to some applied problem.
Empirical studies show low levels of test-retest reliability, especially over long periods of time.
Empirical studies suggest that some demographics are quite happy to scroll.
Empirical studies use sample observations to estimate an unknown population number of interest.
Most empirical studies are cross-sectional due to the limits of time and money.
Empirical success refers to the ability of a model to provide accurate predictions of a phenomenon.
Empirical support is found for five of the seven explanations.
Empirical tests demonstrate the efficient and scalable nature of the algorithm.
Empirical tests indicate very small affect.
Empirical tests prove the shielded loop to reject substantially more electrical noise.
Empirical tests show that mortgage availability is an important determinant of construction.
Most empirical tests indicate that the market is very close to being weak form efficient.
Empirical testing are testing.
Empirical testing is complicated by the time needed to adjust to a crank length.
Empirical theory relates the rules of formal theory to observations.
Empirical treatment is with broad spectrum topical ocular antibiotics.
Empirical universality is only arbitrary.
Empirical verification is central to all proper thinking.
Empirical work is certainly important.
Empirical work is in progress.
Empirical work is recommended.
Empirical work needs to be integrated with correct theory.
Empirical work using DIS exercises is mentioned above, but much broader activities are possible.
More empirical work is needed.
Empiricism argues exactly the opposite.
Empiricism denies the possibility of spontaneous ideas or a priori thought.
Empiricism elevates the scientific method of investigation in order to attain knowledge.
Empiricism falters before death.
Empiricism gives facts without religion.
Empiricism implies going to the best source for material.
Empiricism is a philosophical theory
Empiricism is a tough taskmaster.
Empiricism is an ignorant and arrogant philosophy.
Empiricism is investigations.
Empiricism is merely organised observation.
Empiricism is one of the founding principles of the modern scientific approach.
Empiricism is restricted to particular things.
Empiricism is the philosophical doctrine traditionally opposed to nativism.
Empiricism is the practice of relying upon observation and experiment.
Empiricism is the scientific method and utilizes the senses.
Empiricism is the use of observation of the physical universe as a way to know about it.
Empiricism is very much like phenomenalism .
Empiricism offers nothing in their support.
Empiricism plays a fundamental role in church legitimacy.
Empiricism seems to mean two rather different things.
Empiricism specifically repudiates propositions in the realm of metaphysics.
An empiricist is a philosopher
Empiricists are more interested in parts than in wholes and universals.
Empiricists are philosophers.
Empiricists believe that knowledge begins with sense perception.
Empiricists prefer to deal with individual, concrete or particular matters and their relations.
Empiricists take the position that all or most behaviors and characteristics result from learning.
Empiricists tend to characterize rationalists pejoratively as armchair philosophers.
Empiricists typically resist describing experience as purely mental.
An emplacement is military installation
Emplacement is fast and misalignment is avoided with the templates.
An employ is a state
Employ means to suffer or permit to work.
Employ offered ads are free.
Employ wait time after questions.
Employs appropriate interpersonal skills when performing physical examinations or physical tests.
Employs correct beacon and radar procedures in identifying aircraft.
Employs live hands-on examples to calculate exposures and credit risk of varied credit products.
Employed case analyses and experiential exercises in the presentations.
Employed doctors face real problems on the job.
Employed executives account for less than one percent of total adult membership.
Employed mothers have virtually no free time for themselves.
Employed officers get first priority.
Employed parents are better role models for teaching children a different standard of life.
Employed parents teach children the importance of working.
Employed people are always more employable than unemployed people.
Employed people are in a more stimulating environment.
Employed people are the focus of the report.
Employed people pay taxes.
Some employed people work on changing, inconsistent, or temporary schedules.
Employed physicians negotiate with their employer for contract terms and compensation.
Employed residents drive or carpool to work.
Many employed seniors work part-time.
Employed solicitors are generally able to take a more independent stance in the circumstances.
Employed status is checked approximately twice a year.
Employed students tutor first grade through sixth grade students during the school day.
Employee Assistance Ensure productivity by helping employees with personal problems.
Employee assistance is available after the training phase as needed for job retention.
Employee benefit planning Management constantly makes decisions concerning how to run the company.
Employee benefit represents a significant portion of an employee s unseen salary.
Employee Benefits Administers the relocation services program.
Employee benefits are a dynamic and critical component of today's business environment.
Employee benefits are an important consideration, too.
Employee benefits are an important part of a compensation package.
Employee benefits are an important part of remuneration management.
Employee benefits are an important part of the compensation package at Buncombe County.
Employee benefits are an increasingly hot topic.
Employee benefits are available for full time employees.
Employee benefits are by no means fringe items or an inconsequential form of compensation.
Employee benefits are competitive.
Employee benefits are excellent.
Employee benefits are excludable from income only if so specified by the tax code.
Employee benefits are non-negotiable.
Employee benefits are now part of many remuneration packages.
Employee benefits are often an issue for small business owners.
Employee benefits are outstanding.
Employee benefits are the most common form of business dependency.
Employee Benefits Have Fallen.
Employee benefits have the purpose of improving satisfaction, motivation and loyalty.
Employee Benefits Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Employee benefits is our only focus.
Employee Benefits Learn more about what guides our employee benefits, compensation and programs.
Employee benefits pamphlet on lst day.
Employee Benefits Provide guidelines for approval of outside smoking cessation programs or aids.
Employee benefits Review the basics of the employer health plan and retirement plans.
Employee benefits take a variety of forms.
Employee benefits update.
Employee Benefits Welcome to blt atlanta .
All employee benefits are free of cost.
Many employee benefits offer favorable tax ramifications to an employer.
Employee compensation consists of two parts - direct wages and benefits.
Employee compensation exceed average comparable employee compensation in Hampton Roads region.
Employee compensation includes an unlimited number of earnings, rates, and differentials.
Employee compensation is a significant determinant when people decide where they are going to work.
Employee compensation is broken out into wages and benefits to show the changing distribution.
Employee compensation is determined and administered without regard to sex.
Employee compensation is, admittedly, a subjective determination.
Employee development is a priority.
Employee development is an integral part of company policy.
Employee development is another assumption.
Employee development is important for all employees, but especially so for managers.
Employee development is the planning of expectations and goals for the individual employee.
Employee development is the supervisor working to develop their people.
Employee discounts are available for personal home use.
Employee empowerment is a chance for the employee to have power to initiate change.
Employee empowerment is a very strong tool for organizations to utilize.
Employee empowerment is more than a management buzzword and a text-book definition.
Employee empowerment is one example of how people are our competitive advantage.
Employee empowerment is our greatest source of strength and creativity.
Employee empowerment represents a giant step away from traditional management-worker relations.
Employee empowerment takes various forms.
Employee Engagement is a hot topic for good reason.
Employee engagement is far from the only driver of desirable business outcomes.
Employee evaluation includes facilities for recording and tracking all evaluation information.
Employee evaluation is based on customer satisfaction.
Employee evaluations require a private, quiet, relaxed setting.
Employee grievances are down, as are lost workdays and workmen's compensation claims.
Employee handbook is still on hold until the health care issue is resolved.
Employee handbooks are a useful tool for conveying standard operating procedures of the company.
Employee handbooks are some of the most vital documents a company has.
Employee handbooks can be valuable employee communications and relations tools.
Employee handbooks contain various policies and they are needed.
Most employee handbooks have a clause that prohibits an employee from carrying a firearm on the job.
Employee manuals can serve two important functions to the newcomer and the organization.
Employee morale follows.
Employee morale has a major impact on productivity and ultimately profitability.
Employee morale involves thoughts, feelings, and sentiments.
Employee morale is another.
Employee morale is at an all-time low.
Employee morale is at rock bottom.
Employee morale is cited as one factor that is improved by a well-stocked larder in the workplace.
Employee morale is devastated.
Employee morale is down.
Employee morale is excellent.
Employee morale is high and people feel appreciated for their efforts.
Employee morale is high, and there are many opportunities for growth and ministry.
Employee morale is improved by the use of a more efficient and effective system.
Employee morale is low and turnover high.
Employee morale is low at many companies, and employer loyalty is also on the decline.
Employee morale is low.
Employee morale is now very good.
Employee morale is vital.
Employee morale remains high.
Employee morale suffers greatly.
Employee motivation is definitely for the greater good of the employee and the organization.
Employee motivation is essential to the job.
Employee motivation is something that management can influence in limited ways.
Employee motivation means higher production .
Employee owners are active participants in the operations and management of the company.
Employee ownership can work in similar fashion, especially regarding workplace environmental issues.
Employee ownership has a good track record as a job retention tool.
Employee ownership is a business strategy that works.
Employee ownership is an important tool for economic growth and restructuring business enterprises.
Employee ownership is another strong selling point.
Employee ownership is in itself a compelling goal.
Employee ownership is nearly the opposite of efficient investing.
Employee ownership is ownership
Employee ownership is ownership.
Employee ownership is seen as a potentially important component of that strategy.
Employee ownership is tremendously valuable to companies, employees and their communities.
Employee ownership presents an appealing third way.
Employee ownership puts a lot of emphasis on minimizing losses.
Employee ownership seems to works well for taxi cab drivers.
Employee performance appraisals.
Employee performance depends on both motivation and ability of the employee.
Employee performance is an integral part of the relationship between supervisors and staff.
Employee performance is based on results rather than observation.
Employee recognition is a component of building a high performance workplace.
Employee recognition is, hence, directly linked to customer satisfaction.
Employee referral is a huge benefit if it is properly managed.
Employee referrals are a preferred resource for hiring new employees.
Employee referrals are also a successful recruiting tool for several sports dot-coms.
Employee Referrals are always an excellent source of good new employees.
Employee Referrals are the best source of external candidates.
Employee referrals are the second most popular method of locating job candidates.
Employee referrals are up.
Employee referrals can be the best way to snag top talent.
Employee Relations can offer assistance in following proper disciplinary procedures.
Employee Relations Explores the institutional context of work.
Employee relations leave something to be desired.
Employee Relations Prepares quarterly and annual reports.
Employee retention is a function of a number of variables.
Employee retention is a major factor in the company s success.
Employee retention is a major issue in the volatile aggressive market.
Employee retention is a problem.
Employee retention is another problem that HR professionals everywhere are struggling with.
Employee retention is critical to the success of most mergers.
Employee retention is driven by good bosses.
Employee retention is inconsistent due to an eroding technical salary structure.
Employee retention is key to the success of business.
Employee retention is no small issue.
Employee retention is one of our biggest problems and first impressions are crucial.
Employee retention is one of the major problems facing employers of all sizes.
Employee retention is one of the top concerns of every company in America.
Employee Retention Keep the good ones.
Employee retention takes time and effort.
Employee reviews can either be a powerful management tool or a morale-sucking waste of time.
Employee rights are under pressure.
Employee rights differ greatly from state to state and country to country.
Employee safety is a concern.
Employee safety is a primary concern for hospitals and health care providers.
Employee safety is a top priority.
Employee safety is the primary concern.
Employee satisfaction drives customer satisfaction, which creates profits.
Employee satisfaction drives customer satisfaction.
Employee satisfaction increases sales and profits.
Employee satisfaction is a priority.
Employee satisfaction is a proven factor behind increasing customer satisfaction.
Employee satisfaction is also a goal.
Employee satisfaction is another measure of success.
Employee satisfaction is enhanced and turnover is reduced.
Employee satisfaction is important to our success in building the workforce of the future.
Employee satisfaction is increased, turnover is reduced while profitability is increased.
Employee satisfaction is measured in twice-yearly surveys.
Employee satisfaction is one factor.
Employee satisfaction is one of our company's critical success factors.
Employee satisfaction is one of the top concerns of many managers.
Employee satisfaction is the biggest benefit that telecommuting offers in most cases.
Employee satisfaction is the key to high productivity and staff loyalty.
Employee satisfaction proves crucial to shareholder value.
Employee satisfaction rises as people are empowered to choose when and where to work.
Employee satisfaction rises.
Employee satisfaction translates into loyalty and employee retention.
Employee Scheduling automates the scheduling process quickly and easily.
Employee Scheduling automates the staff scheduling process quickly and easily.
Employee scheduling is fast and easy.
Employee shareholders become more conscious of the strategic decisions and their implications.
Employee surveillance raises questions of privacy and fairness.
Employee survey is developed and implemented.
Employee survey is the most common formal method to determine the needs of organizations.
Employee surveys provide a number of additional opportunities for the company.
Employee surveys provide a unique opportunity to discover the real issues impacting an organization.
Employee training can also help avoid abuses of the system.
Employee training can take many different forms.
Employee training covers hazards of the workplace.
Employee training covers the facility safety system.
Employee training emerges as the key to improved performance in personal service.
Employee training helps to ensure a safer workplace.
Employee training is a challenge for department heads.
Employee training is a critical component of the human resource management program.
Employee training is a key essential.
Employee Training Is A TV Away Resources for entrepreneurs.
Employee training is also critical to prevention efforts.
Employee training is an age-old concept.
Employee training is an effective communication device.
Employee training is an investment.
Employee training is critical for safe proper use of pesticides.
Employee training is essential for successful implementation of technology.
Employee training is more important than ever.
Employee training is offered through a free state program and local community college.
Employee training is provided initially to all employees and for all new employees.
Employee training is the most direct and cost-effective path to high quality services.
Employee training makes a store successful, the two agree.
Employee training varies with company and ranges from none to several days.
Most employee training is provided in-house.
Employee transfers affect user access to the various modules of the automated system.
An employee turnover is a ratio
Employee turnover adds to the threat.
Employee turnover can be costly.
Employee turnover can cost thousands of dollars per worker.
Employee turnover continues to remain high in both the public and private sectors.
Employee turnover costs employers a great deal of money.
Employee turnover costs money.
Employee turnover is a key cost and performance issue for many organizations.
Employee turnover is expensive . . .
Employee turnover is expensive in terms of time and capital.
Employee turnover is extremely costly.
Employee turnover is extremely low and productivity is well above industry standards.
Employee turnover is high at fast food restaurants.
Employee turnover is high, as are the associated costs of recruitment and training.
Employee turnover is high, meaning residents often receive inadequate care.
Employee turnover is high.
Employee turnover is low.
Employee turnover is quite low.
Employee turnover is rare.
Employee turnover is relatively high and employers are having a hard time keeping up with training.
Employee turnover is too high.
Employee turnover is widespread in nursing homes.
Employee turnover remains minimal.
Employee turnover represents a loss of assets - an uncovered loss.
Employee turnover results in higher training costs and further decreases productivity.
Employee turnovers are ratios.
Employee turnovers drain profit.
An employee is a worker
Employee accessing confidential information is authorized to access restricted information.
Employee agrees to comply with all existing job requirements as now are in effect in the office.
Employee agrees to pay all premiums when due.
Employee agrees to work overtime only when ordered and approved by the supervisor in advance.
Employee alleges discrimination within anti-discrimination office.
Employee also analyzes data for future actions.
Employee also assists the program supervisor in the supervision of staff.
Employee also assists with directing traffic at parades and other events each year.
Employee also conducts damage assessment to real property from natural or man-made disasters.
Employee also has a good general knowledge of other areas of computing.
Employee also performs special investigations as assigned.
Employee analyzes results to ensure that selections and adaptations are valid.
Employee applies, or develops procedures for work control.
Employee appreciate the opportunity to represent their company and share and work with students.
Employee Approve or correct the distribution depending on actual effort.
Employee Arrives early on occasion.
Employee benefit financial services firm.
Employee benefits compliance information and tools.
Employee benefits compliance information for practitioners, plan sponsors and plan participants.
Employee benefits development and evaluation.
Employee benefits fair coming up.
Employee Benefits Obtain an employee handbook which explains benefits.
Employee benefits packages and options are subject to change.
Employee Benefits Providing basic health and life protection to owners and any employees.
Employee Brings to supervisors attention potentially hazardous practices or situations.
Employee can also deposit money which drops down into the safe.
Employee can decide how much to contribute at any time.
Employee can decide how much to contribute.
Employee can develop systems software with some assistance from more senior developers.
Employee can elect to pay for coverage on a before or after tax basis.
Employee can enter own time worked and on which project.
Employee can learn useful applied computing skills and gain valuable high tech job experience.
Employee can learn without the pressure of a production schedule from a skilled person.
Employee can name anyone as beneficiary.
Employee can print off needed information from the WEB site.
Employee can recover Back wages.
Employee can request adjustments of orders from other states.
Employee can request meeting to amend plan at anytime.
Employee can see criteria.
Employee can sit or stand.
Employee can sue doctor for false drug test.
Employee can view last years elections for comparison.
Employee charges gas on personal credit card.
Employee checks security of buildings, locks and unlocks buildings and provides security escorts.
Employee chooses a regular schedule where they begin and end at different times each day.
Employee chooses both a general dentistry and specialty care dentist.
Employee chooses from doctor's list and makes appointment.
Employee chooses how the money is invested.
Employee chooses one of five providers.
Employee chooses type and size.
Employee claims incapacitation but is seen in activities that require full mobility.
Employee classifieds Allow employees to publish personal classified ads.
Employee completes all applicable sections.
Employee completes an award redemption form provided by the departmental program administrator.
Employee completes and returns the loan documents.
Employee completes appropriate training request form.
Employee completes form.
Employee conducts user seal check.
Employee consistenly fails to meet acceptable established job standards.
Employee consistently exceeds the performance requirements.
Employee consults with supervisor when priorities and deadlines conflict.
Employee continues to work in a traditional office setting.
Employee continues working right up to minute they are notified of their on-site drug test.
Employee costumes The change people wear shiny space uniforms with a ringed planet motif.
Employee counts for the respective pay dates from above.
Employee demonstrates an awareness of the safety of others.
Employee designates preference on line when reporting the time.
Employee determines how many dollars to set aside each plan year.
Employee determines the supply of material needed and fills out a proper purchase order sheet.
Employee disclosures value-added disclosures Environmental disclosures.
Employee discusses request for waiver with immediate supervisor.
Employee displays initiative and creativity.
Employee driven programs are the best and easiest to carry out.
Employee earns sick leave based on the number of hours worked in a pay period.
Employee effectively plans and organizes work to achieve the desired results.
Employee elects to drive a personal vehicle instead of fly.
Employee estimates time and materials and manages time efficiently.
Employee eventually quits in disgust.
Employee exercises judgment in the design and layout of nonstandard signs.
Employee expenses provisions.
Employee fails to report for work.
Employee fails to understand repercussions of mishandling the public.
Employee follows normal registration procedure.
Employee follows specific and detailed accounting procedures.
Employee forfeits all pay and allowances due from the voyage.
Employee gets the best.
Employee giving campaigns comprise the majority of solicitation methods.
Employee giving significantly enhances our ability to obtain grant funds and donor funds.
Employee goes first.
Employee greets public with a friendly manner.
Employee handbooks extensive listing of sample employment policies available of the Internet.
Employee has a high absentee rate.
Employee has a locally defined employee ID attribute.
Employee has a means of communication to outside the space.
Employee has a right to union representation.
Employee has a tendency to sit around and wait for directions.
Employee has adequate lighting or lighting source.
Employee has contact primarily with employees supervised and superiors.
Employee has contact with a variety of individuals representing public and private agencies.
Employee has excessive prescriptions.
Employee has extensive latitude for independent judgement and action within established guidelines.
Employee has mechanical ventilation in place as needed.
Employee has no further appeal options.
Employee has no idea who is making the calls.
Employee has no leads as to how money got missing.
Employee has no privacy right in e-mail.
Employee has one line per employee.
Employee has one pre-selected day off per pay period.
Employee has option of purchasing medical insurance.
Employee has spouse and two children, also claims three allowances for itemized deductions.
Employee has the authority, or can make recommendations, to hire, fire and promote.
Employee has the option to be located anywhere they choose in the United States.
Employee has the option to pay for family coverage.
Employee has to be aware of coworkers, transfer, termination, and disappearance.
Employee has to report and document any safety and environmental violation and or negligence.
Employee has to work overtime.
Employee have heavy professional contact with judges, attorneys, defendants and the general public.
Employee includes a self-employed individual.
Employee includes any individual employed by an employer.
Employee includes faculty, staff, work-study, temporary, and student employees.
Employee incurs no tax liability until amounts are distributed from the pension plan.
Employee initiates action.
Employee is a controller.
Employee is a passenger on a one-day assignment away from the duty station.
Employee is accountable for performing work as directed and working in a safe manner.
Employee is accountable for the quality of work performed.
Employee is accountable for the safe and efficient operation of a street sweeper.
Employee is accountable for the thorough and timely inspection of all projects.
Employee is admitted.
Employee is advised on what to prepare for the interview.
Employee is also responsible for maintaining a variety of records and logs.
Employee is also responsible for municipal site planning, coordination and design activities.
Employee is also responsible for operating computer and surveillance monitors.
Employee is an expatriate married with two children.
Employee is comfortable cleaning up spill.
Employee is competent to work at the highest level of all phases of the application life cycle.
Employee is contacted and advised the duplicate check is ready.
Employee is covered by an insurance policy while premiums are paid by the employer.
Employee is covered by state or federal minimum wage laws.
Employee is currently in stable condition recovering from the injuries.
Employee is defined in the Ordinance and includes a person who works under a contract of service .
Employee is designated as a Sensitive employee by virtue of the job class.
Employee is disruptive, difficult to work with, and history of bipolar.
Employee is eligible first day of the month following employment.
Employee is eligible upon full-time employment.
Employee is enrolled in a group health plan and has elected employee-only coverage.
Employee is examined by a physician and returned to regular duty.
Employee is exposed to Hazardous materials and bloodborne pathogens.
Employee is given considerable latitude in determining work methods and procedures.
Employee is given some flexibility in applying department policy.
Employee is hired into a second job in a different ministry while remaining with first job.
Employee is less likely to contract contagious diseases such as flu, colds, viruses, etc.
Employee is no longer eligible to receive advances, until prior advances are cleared.
Employee is on feet entire shift.
Employee is on payroll during time of training and remains as an employee after training.
Employee is on sick leave pending approval of disability retirement application.
Employee is on the layoff list.
Employee is on-call to work after hours and on weekends.
Employee is paid a differential for all hours worked in the shift.
Employee is paid in the next regular pay cycle.
Employee is paid.
Employee is presented with a certificate and the appropriate number of coupons as recognition.
Employee is reimbursed, according to the plan design.
Employee is released from treatment.
Employee is required to provide report of work ability form to employer.
Employee is required to sign an affidavit acknowledging the lost or destroyed check.
Employee is responsible for accuracy and validity of work and is required to meet deadlines.
Employee is responsible for additional charges for contact lenses exam.
Employee is responsible for any amount over that through payroll deductions.
Employee is responsible for charges.
Employee is responsible for full cost of insurance.
Employee is responsible for maintaining a variety of records and files.
Employee is responsible for maintenance of all equipment.
Employee is responsible for paying the dentist.
Employee is responsible for performing work as directed and working in a safe and effective manner.
Employee is responsible for premiums for the first year.
Employee is responsible for reporting any accidents or unusual circumstances.
Employee is responsible for self-appraisal and participation in process.
Employee is responsible for the cost of obtaining the certification.
Employee is responsible for the supervision of employees in an assigned program.
Employee is responsible for the timely completion of projects and the accuracy of data collection.
Employee is restricted from regular duty due to a work injury.
Employee is sent to a healthcare professional following an exposure incident.
Employee is short term, or new to the job.
Employee is still on an illegal appointment.
Employee is subject to being on call during nonbusiness hours.
Employee is subject to indoor work, protected from weather conditions.
Employee is subject to on-call duty during nights, weekends, and holidays.
Employee is subject to on-call status during nonbusiness hours.
Employee is subject to the usual hazards of jail work.
Employee is subject to the usual hazards of law enforcement work.
Employee is subject to the usual potential hazards of contact with legally delinquent juveniles.
Employee is terminated, retires or resigns.
Employee is to verify balances.
Employee is trained in confined space safety.
Employee is trained in heat stress safety.
Employee is transferred to another company plant in another state.
Employee is unhappy with supervisor orjob conditions.
Employee is upgraded and requisition procedures are revised.
Employee is used to reference all types of student employees.
Employee is vested after five years of service.
Employee is vested immediately.
Employee isa worker.
Employee jointly establish with supervisor goals, objectives, priorities, and standards of programs.
Employee keeps pink copy for personal records.
Employee keeps the greatest pay entitlement.
Employee keeps the white copy for their records.
Employee keeps up with new developments.
Employee keeps workstation or desk well organized.
Employee lacks technical competence.
Employee leave for adoptive parents and stepparents, when.
Employee leave for bone marrow donation.
Employee leave processed smoothly and uneventfully.
Employee leave records, ca.
Employee leave rights.
Employee leave slips - retain for three years.
Employee leaves before official announcement of an adjusted work dismissal is made.
Employee maintains work schedule and makes good use of available time.
Employee makes an appointment with the specialist.
Employee makes benefit and entitlement changes to their own record.
Employee makes contribution as set by plan option.
Employee makes some operating decisions.
Employee manages Store.
Employee matching gifts programs are increasingly common vehicles for giving.
Employee means a person employed at the project.
Employee means a person who works for wages or salary in the service of an employer.
Employee means any person employed by an employer.
Employee means faculty, staff, or student employees.
Employee meets accountable plan rules.
Employee meets all requirements of the individual element.
Employee meets deadlines with quality work.
Employee needs and desires versus company goals and objectives.
Employee needs close supervision.
Employee needs constant supervision.
Employee needs little or no direction.
Employee needs minimal direct supervision.
Employee needs to be patient and considerate to the individual needs of our guests.
Employee needs transportation from events that are planned in advance such as after hours meetings.
Employee observes safety measures.
Employee observes the behavior of, counsels with and provides information about residents detained.
Employee obtains costs for all travel expenditures.
Employee obtains safety shoes from any retail source.
Employee only benefit.
Employee overcomes anger at supervisor.
Employee overhead is always the biggest expense to contain.
Employee overhead is the biggest and hardest expense to contain.
Employee owned, the company specializes in services for agricultural real estate.
Employee participates in maintenance activities, sometimes during inclement weather.
Employee participates in open space maintenance activities, sometimes during inclement weather.
Employee pay information on one page.
Employee Pay Our employees earn top dollar - our clients receive top quality.
Employee pays all applicable costs.
Employee pays all costs on a pre-tax basis.
Employee pays all premiums through payroll deduction.
Employee pays entire cost of benefits.
Employee pays entire premium.
Employee pays for car with personal credit card.
Employee pays full cost for dependent coverage.
Employee pays full cost of coverage.
Employee pays full cost.
Employee pays full premium.
Employee pays minimal cost of administrative fee.
Employee pays no payroll or income taxes on benefit.
Employee pays nothing.
Employee pays premium based on age and plan option.
Employee pays premium based on age of employee and amount of insurance purchased.
Employee pays premium pre-tax through convenient payroll deduction.
Employee pays premium.
Employee pays the difference between brand and generic in addition to the generic copay.
Employee pays the difference.
Employee pays the entire cost through payroll deduction.
Employee pays the full cost of coverage.
Employee pays the full cost.
Employee pays the non-incorporated caterer with personal funds.
Employee pays the total premium through payroll deductions.
Employee pays total cost.
Employee pays university directly.
Employee pays with post-tax contributions.
Employee pays with pre-tax dollars.
Employee performs full-performance arts and humanities program specialist work.
Employee performs intake and assessment of customers.
Employee performs it.
Employee performs protective services work in fire safety inspection or arson investigation.
Employee performs recurring work independently.
Employee performs related duties as required.
Employee performs routine aspects of the work without instruction or guidance.
Employee permits hang from the inside rearview mirror.
Employee picks up additional cost for upgrades over basic allowance.
Employee places a high value on receiving high commission pay.
Employee plans actions before beginning job.
Employee prepares a year-end summary, comparing accomplishments with objectives.
Employee prepares the vehicle.
Employee produces timely work with a high level of accuracy.
Employee Promptly reports the incident to the supervisor.
Employee provides a variety of health and human services program activities in a helper capacity.
Employee provides direct assistance to planning director.
Employee provides employee access to personnel information.
Employee provides heavy-duty flashlight and sturdy work shoes suitable for walking in snow.
Employee provides information and responds to inquiries as related to assigned function.
Employee provides information on established procedures related to assigned function.
Employee provides nice looking pants, enclosed sturdy work shoes.
Employee provides supervisor with customized competencies based on their job responsibilities.
Employee Provides the individuals a positive motivating process to quickly return to the workforce.
Employee provides the supervisor with a draft performance plan and the supervisor responds.
Employee provides the vendor with procurement card information.
Employee reads information about computer rights and responsibilities printed on form.
Employee receives copy of approved application before enrolling in course.
Employee receives guaranteed monthly pay.
Employee receives some instructions with respect to details of most assignments.
Employee refuses treatment Injury occurs immediately before a possible termination or layoff.
Employee regularly violates work related behaviors.
Employee remains in first job and deptid.
Employee remains in pool.
Employee reports incident to supervisor.
Employee reports injury just after disciplinary actions have been taken.
Employee reports injury three or four months after it allegedly occurred.
Employee reports to employer if unable to work, or work is affected.
Employee reports to employer.
Employee reports to work as assigned.
Employee requests termination of coverage.
Employee requires more time for learning tasks.
Employee responds aggressively to releases of hazardous substances.
Employee responses to organizational improvement initiatives.
Employee responses to the above.
Employee retains benefits while receiving temporary total disability payments.
Employee retains old, inefficient ways.
Employee returns from layoff.
Employee review environmental aspects of surface water and water use permits.
Employee s right to job restoration upon end of leave.
Employee seeks assistance from supervisor with problems of an unusual nature.
Employee seeks to educate the public on the importance of natural resources laws and rules.
Employee seeks treatment based on rules of their health plan.
Employee seeks treatment from chiropractor only and is never examined by medical doctor.
Employee seeks treatment from primary care provider.
Employee seeks treatment per company protocol.
Employee seeks unemployment compensation benefits following termination.
Employee selects one of four investment vendors and selects investment options.
Employee selects the account.
Employee selects time and location and enrolls in that class.
Employee serves as party chief and provides on-site direction to field survey crew.
Employee shares common exposure to communicable disease.
Employee shows feelings of fear and social withdrawal.
Employee shows no potential for improvement and therefore notice of intent to separate is required.
Employee Sign Up info for complete information.
Employee speaks authoritatively for the organization on all matters within scope of assignments.
Employee specifies the amount to be reduced from salary for one or both reimbursement accounts.
Employee still receives complete earnings summary each pay period.
Employee submits a claim.
Employee submits a copy of the receipt to administrator as proof of payment.
Employee suspects unknown person using office at night.
Employee take an overage and put it in credit bank as part of earned leave.
Employee tells own story.
Employee tells supervisor of injury immediately.
Employee then inserts springs using pinch grips all around the circumference of the head.
Employee then reports to that room at the stated time for a personal interview.
Employee then takes the form to the personnel office.
Employee then uses an automatic screwdriver to tighten the screws down.
Employee travels on an overnight assignment on non-workdays during corresponding duty hours.
Employee updates own addresses and personal data.
Employee uses a considerable amount of judgment in interpreting and developing guidelines.
Employee uses considerable judgment in determination and enforcement of appropriate codes.
Employee uses data in dBASE format.
Employee uses good judgment in solving office related problems and issues without involving others.
Employee uses initiative and judgment in independently interpreting and applying guidelines.
Employee uses initiative to perform recurring work independently.
Employee uses initiative to perform recurring work of the office independently.
Employee uses initiative to perform recurring work.
Employee uses judgment in determining appropriate procedure.
Employee uses machinery in a safe manner, reducing accidents.
Employee uses poor sitting posture.
Employee uses the card for business expenses.
Employee uses their dentist of choice.
Employee views the amount of time off via the browser.
Employee views the status of the account.
Employee voluntarily contributes on a pre-tax basis.
Employee walks and stands throughout the shift.
Employee walks the entire house again and removes dead birds.
Employee walks the entire house and collects eggs.
Employee wants a company with additional resources, usually in the of more people to handle work.
Employee wants more of a challenge or is looking for career advancement.
Employee wants to reduce travel time to and from work.
Employee well being is one of the concerns that has actually acted as a catalyst for telecommuting.
Employee wishes to add or remove a spouse or dependent child.
Employee wishing membership or a subscription places the order.
Employee works both in and outdoors.
Employee works both indoors and outdoors.
Employee works both the legal holiday and the officially observed holiday.
Employee works from home, but is associated with a traditional office.
Employee works full-time during the academic year, but is furloughed during the summer break.
Employee works indoors and outdoors.
Employee works overtime when asked.
Employee works primarily indoors.
Employee works primarily outdoors, and work involves considerable physical activity.
Employee works primarily outdoors.
Employee works primary indoors.
Employee writes self-evaluation.
Employees a. Perform electrical work only if qualified and authorized.
Employees accept fair, equitable, and consistent discipline.
Employees access information by using Web browsers.
Employees Access Our Site Annually.
Employees access parts inventory, design, and maintenance information for equipment and systems.
Employees access sites and courses easily and begin the learning process immediately.
Employees access the server to submit a purchase request.
Employees accomplish flight assignments with considerable independence.
Employees accrue a minimum of two weeks paid vacation per year.
Employees accrue annual leave while on annual leave, sick leave or other authorized leave with pay.
Employees accrue at the rate of one day per month.
Employees accrue hours based on the number of hours worked per pay period.
Employees accrue hours based on years of service.
Employees accrue one day per month.
Employees accrue sick leave while on annual leave, sick leave or other authorized leave with pay.
Employees accrue sick pay up to a maximum for short-term disabilities or illnesses.
Employees accrue time on a bi-weekly basis.
Employees accrue twelve sick days per year.
Employees accrue vacation and sick leave and enjoy paid holidays.
Employees accrue vacation and sick leave from the date of hire.
Employees accrue vacation only when they are in pay status.
Employees accumulate overtime hours to be taken as time off during nonpeak periods.
Employees accumulate time for leave or sick days.
Employees acquire new skills or upgrade skills to enhance their performance and proficiency.
Employees act as managers.
Employees act on what they perceive or believe.
Employees acting together have the power to affect the boss's public reputation.
Employees actually appreciate knowing what their job entails.
Employees actually stand up at the breakfast and thank other employees for their help.
Employees adapt more swiftly, accept change more readily, if they're involved in the process.
Employees add cost.
Employees add items to their virtual shopping cart until they are satisfied with the order.
Employees adhere to safety rules.
Employees admire past achievements but find it difficult to muster energy for the future.
Employees admit the greenhouses have yet to yield much produce.
Employees adopt a plant to care for.
Employees adopt an angel, purchase a gift and place it under the lobby tree.
Employees affect each other's abilities to do their individual job tasks.
Employees affected by a staff reduction receive a minimum of two weeks' notice.
Employees affected by that cut can apply for jobs in Livonia or Traverse City.
Employees agree to apply themselves to their work during work hours.
Employees alert to work-related accidents and illnesses.
Employees align quickly or depart.
Employees also accrue sick leave.
Employees also accrue two hours of floating holiday each month.
Employees also appreciate knowing what managers do and what their coworkers do.
Employees also appreciate longer weekends and adjusted vacation schedules.
Employees also appreciate the camaraderie they feel with their coworkers.
Employees also appreciate their concise descriptions.
Employees also are able to offer valuable feedback about the service.
Employees also are ambivalent about retiring.
Employees also are critical of the agency's IT management.
Employees also are welcome to bring in their old phones books from home for recycling.
Employees also assist neighborhoods with landscaping projects as available.
Employees also attend professional development programs at locations throughout the world.
Employees also become discouraged in the process.
Employees also benefit from extensive development and management programs.
Employees also benefit from the partnership arrangement.
Employees also can be at risk of real physical danger.
Employees also can bring sick children to work to avoid using sick leave.
Employees also can complete a fitness assessment, alone or as part of the wellness assessment.
Employees also can contact the help desk and IT support staff through the intranet site.
Employees also can contact their county government human services office or a local hospital.
Employees also can discriminate against others, including fellow co-workers and superiors.
Employees also can make a one-time donation.
Employees also can provide valuable feedback.
Employees also can purchase up to eight companion passes per year.
Employees also can share the cost of the benefits, if desired.
Employees also can use the site to fill out appeals forms.
Employees also can use up to sixteen paid hours each year for educational activities.
Employees also cash in.
Employees also contribute through the company gift matching program.
Employees also demonstrate hands-on training with a water fire extinguisher at that time.
Employees also devote much of their personal time to community organizations and events.
Employees also do data entry and other secretarial tasks as well as moving services.
Employees also donate huge amounts of money to help charities in their communities.
Employees also earn five days of personal leave per year.
Employees also earn one personal day per calendar year.
Employees also enjoy a substantial tax savings.
Employees also enjoy a variety of discounts at the facilities.
Employees also enjoy access to a no-cost exercise facility located in the building.
Employees also enjoy generous sick leave, vacation, holiday and personal holiday benefits.
Employees also experience what it is like to maneuver through the hotel with a disability.
Employees also feel more energetic and less stressed.
Employees also give generously of their own time and money to support worthwhile causes.
Employees also have a duty of care to their fellow employees, and to students and visitors.
Employees also have a lot of leeway to throw in freebies like T-shirts and software.
Employees also have a responsibility in ensuring their position descriptions are accurate.
Employees also have a responsibility themselves to make it happen.
Employees also have a responsibility to keep their work environment neat and clean.
Employees also have a responsibility to make the most of the situation.
Employees also have a responsibility to protect their own and others' safety in the workplace.
Employees also have a stake in providing good care.
Employees also have access to computer-based training around the clock.
Employees also have access to workplace monitoring and medical records.
Employees also have an additional day for leisure activities, personal business and family time.
Employees also have daily contact with agency staff and clients to minimize disruption of work unit.
Employees also have duties to ensure their own health and safety and that of others.
Employees also have e-mail accounts that can be used to communicate with clients.
Employees also have federal and state income taxes withheld.
Employees also have flex time and compressed work week options.
Employees also have passwords, which they are told prevent others from accessing their files.
Employees also have responsibilities.
Employees also have the choice of converting their sick leave to disability credit.
Employees also have the opportunity to buy stock.
Employees also have the opportunity to continue their education by taking online courses.
Employees also have the opportunity to increase their level of coverage based on their own needs.
Employees also have the opportunity to purchase vision plan coverage.
Employees also have the option of adding dependents at a low weekly rate.
Employees also have the option of selling accumulated time each year from their long-term bank.
Employees also have the option of uploading a photo.
Employees also have the option of using compensatory time off to cover the two days .
Employees also have the option to purchase additional coverage through payroll deductions.
Employees also have the option to purchase and enroll in a variety of other plans.
Employees also have the option to purchase insurance for their dependents.
Employees also have the right to point out violations during an inspection.
Employees also have the right to refrain from engaging in union activities.
Employees also have the skills to resolve conflict and communicate better.
Employees also have to be given as much responsibility as possible.
Employees also help decide what services the firm offers.
Employees also increase a professional practice s value.
Employees also inspect, maintain and repair grounds, including parking lots and sidewalks.
Employees also keep an eye out for one another's safety.
Employees also know the value of reuse.
Employees also learn what to say to, and how to deal with, an irate customer.
Employees also load and unload materials from vehicles.
Employees also look after each other.
Employees also look clean, dressed in tidy overalls.
Employees also lose out if a company becomes insolvent.
Employees also make more money through step increases, according to the contract.
Employees also manage programs for recycling paper, polystyrene foam, wood and metal.
Employees also meet regularly to discuss better ways to crack down on violators.
Employees also meet with other hospital staff to coordinate care and treatment of patients.
Employees also meet with other hospital staff to obtain and relay information.
Employees also operate their own businesses.
Employees also participate in the community with golf outings and little league teams.
Employees also pay into the social security program through money withheld from their paychecks.
Employees also perceive light colored rooms as relatively large of open.
Employees also plan, coordinate and arrange social and recreational activities for residents.
Employees also play a significant role in monitoring and improving their own performance.
Employees also purchase various recycled-content paper products.
Employees also receive a limited number of companion tickets to use for friends and extended family.
Employees also receive a transportation subsidy among other offerings.
Employees also receive any promotions and salary increases for which they are eligible.
Employees also receive competitive salary and benefits packages.
Employees also receive discounts on merchandise and bonuses for recruiting friends.
Employees also receive discounts on pet supplies, pet food, and veterinary care.
Employees also receive earmuffs or earplugs.
Employees also receive gain sharing bonuses based on team and store performance.
Employees also receive generous quarterly bonuses.
Employees also receive incentive stock options upon hire.
Employees also receive personalized instruction and career counseling from skilled supervisors.
Employees also receive routine eye and hearing tests and vaccinations.
Employees also receive seven standard holidays and one floating holiday per year.
Employees also receive ten paid holiday per year.
Employees also receive ten paid holidays, six sick days and two personal days per calendar year.
Employees also receive the PERS sick leave credit option and can purchase military credit.
Employees also receive three different newsletters throughout the year.
Employees also receive time and a half for working Sundays and double time for working holidays.
Employees also receive training to operate new equipment.
Employees also receive vacation and sick leave time.
Employees also recieve an annual physical free of charge.
Employees also recycle aluminum cans, glass container and paper containers.
Employees also respond to complaints about local air pollution problems.
Employees also seek, quite naturally, the ability to influence their working environment.
Employees also share combinations in the same manner.
Employees also smile and inquire how the customers are doing.
Employees also tend to be homogeneous in terms of educational background and age range.
Employees also volunteer during the Minnesota Special Olympics.
Employees also work harder and for longer hours in an organization with a strong corporate culture.
Employees answer calls in the order in which they are received.
Employees answer to their supervisors or department heads.
Employees anticipate the barbeques as an opportunity to mingle with old friends and meet new staff.
Employees appeal denial of unemployment compensation benefits.
Employees appear to have no knowledge of proper lifting techniques.
Employees appear to stand for the duration of the task and perform the task for a full shift.
Employees appear to stand for the duration of the task.
Employees apply for jobs when posted.
Employees apply skills.
Employees apply their experience to their coursework and career development.
Employees appreciate close-in, covered parking and a beautiful view as they work.
Employees appreciate having a nice place to work.
Employees appreciate having increased benefits and services rolled into one neat package.
Employees appreciate having quick access to their funds.
Employees appreciate that instead of having everyone stand around as the money runs out.
Employees appreciate the fact that the system is finally standardized, consistent, and fair.
Employees appreciate the price break and like the availability of free medication samples, too.
Employees appreciate the safety and convenience.
Employees appreciate the secure environment.
Employees appreciate the speedy payment of expenses.
Employees approach management in groups or via petitions.
Employees approve time sheets on line and provide supervisors with immediate feedback.
Employees arbitrarily reduce portion sizes in order to meet certain cost targets.
Employees are a beneficiary of the reputation the newspaper has built.
Employees are a company s most significant investment and ultimate source of competitive advantage.
Employees are a company s most valued organizational resource.
Employees are a company's greatest asset.
Employees are a company's most valuable asset.
Employees are a company's most valuable assets.
Employees are a company's most vital asset.
Employees are a critical source of information about what is going on in an organization.
Employees are a crucial means of marketing.
Employees are a direct reflection of the company they represent.
Employees are a key asset to every organization.
Employees are a key element in achieving satisfied customers.
Employees are a major resource for any small business.
Employees are a resource.
Employees are a special constituency.
Employees are a valuable asset for engineers and contractors.
Employees are a valuable resource.
Employees are able to choose their own physician, hospital or other health care provider.
Employees are able to control the time, pace and content of their training.
Employees are able to create engaging multimedia content right from their desktops.
Employees are able to find out the information themselves without distracting the HR department.
Employees are able to get back on track quickly.
Employees are able to improve their job skills through our educational assistance program.
Employees are able to manage their time off to accommodate individual needs .
Employees are able to manage their time off to accommodate individual needs.
Employees are able to participate in the fitness center for a reasonable membership fee.
Employees are able to pay premium though a pre-tax payroll deduction.
Employees are able to pick up unsuspected viral attacks from simply opening an email.
Employees are able to reduce their taxable income and save for retirement.
Employees are able to relocate to meet staffing requirements.
Employees are able to respond to sudden requests.
Employees are able to search for appropriate training based on criteria they select.
Employees are able to see the right information based on their credentials and business levels.
Employees are able to see the right information, based on their credentials and business levels.
Employees are able to select the type of benefits they want each time they seek services.
Employees are able to take advantage of the best courses available.
Employees are able to take care of necessary business without being away from work.
Employees are able to take multiple calls at the same time and resolve issues quickly.
Employees are able to team up with private equity investors to buy their company.
Employees are able to view their salary details on-line via the Employee Kiosk .
Employees are accountable, communicating the outcome of their tasks upward.
Employees are affiliates.
Employees are afraid of speaking out.
Employees are afraid to try new methods or propose new ideas for fear of failure.
Employees are all very polite and helpful.
Employees are already aware of sexual harassment and their rights.
Employees are also able to communicate the same message to multiple people in one swoop.
Employees are also better able to adapt to the needs of their employers, so benefitting both.
Employees are also concerned about what the future has in store.
Employees are also consumers who are increasingly using the internet to buy and invest.
Employees are also dedicated to their stands.
Employees are also eligible for a variety of optional coverages paid by the employee.
Employees are also eligible for accounts on the student side of the tree.
Employees are also eligible for corporate discount rates at most health clubs.
Employees are also eligible for guest passes for friends and relatives.
Employees are also eligible for longevity pay, emergency leave, insurance and retirement benefits.
Employees are also eligible for pay raises as negotiated by their certified bargaining agent.
Employees are also eligible for profit sharing.
Employees are also eligible for some personal counseling sessions.
Employees are also grateful for continuing education.
Employees are also happy with the user-friendly system.
Employees are also ineligible if they have discipline for sick leave abuse in their personnel file.
Employees are also interested in self-improvement, and employers are responding.
Employees are also likely to be exposed during automotive brake and clutch repair work.
Employees are also more likely to be satisfied and productive and stay with the job longer.
Employees are also no longer willing to put loyalty above personal job satisfaction.
Employees are also responsible for arranging and paying for their own cable and phone.
Employees are also responsible for formulating and monitoring the unit's budget.
Employees are also responsible for job readiness and job placement assistance.
Employees are also responsible for making minor adjustments and repairs to vehicles and equipment.
Employees are also responsible for managing the physical plant for the unit.
Employees are also responsible for providing orientation and training to staff members in the unit.
Employees are also responsible for the internal security of such information.
Employees are also responsible for their own safety.
Employees are also shareholders.
Employees are also subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
Employees are also subject to state and local laws governing drinking and driving.
Employees are always free to talk with a higher level of management.
Employees are always in the market place, continually being head-hunted.
Employees are always reachable by email.
Employees are among the most valuable assets to any successful company.
Employees are an asset to be nurtured and encouraged to grow professionally and personally.
Employees are an important source of problem identification.
Employees are an integral part of the operation.
Employees are an investment to a company.
Employees are another overlooked audience.
Employees are another source of potential liability.
Employees are any project's number one asset .
Employees are as diverse as the processes for which they re responsible.
Employees are at the heart of MCSi's success.
Employees are at their best because their standards of excellence are their own.
Employees are attuned to citizens' needs and are a simple call for away when service is needed.
Employees are available for no-cost presentations to groups.
Employees are available to answer any questions regarding mail processing and handling.
Employees are aware of the District's challenges.
Employees are aware of the external search effort.
Employees are aware of the issues and understand how they affect the organization.
Employees are aware of their legal and ethical responsibilities.
Employees are away from their jobs less time.
Employees are better able to understand the strategic reasons requiring their personal involvement.
Employees are better educated and more knowledgeable.
Employees are bonded and undergo continuous training in all facets of property management.
Employees are Caltech employees, contractors, and for the most part have similar responsibilities.
Employees are career orientated.
Employees are certainly more receptive to change because they see the inevitability of it.
Employees are clad in Hawaiian shirts and khakis.
Employees are clear that their focus is on the substance of their jobs.
Employees are colleagues.
Employees are committed to retraining, redeployment and possible relocation.
Employees are committed to seeing DCSS succeed.
Employees are committed to the goals of the organization.
Employees are committed to upholding our tradition of client service excellence.
Employees are company expenses, who give a day's work for a day's pay.
Employees are concerned about long term care, and rightly so.
Employees are concerned and uncertain about the future of their jobs.
Employees are confused about what their job is and who their supervisor is.
Employees are confused and very scared.
Employees are cooperative, often coming in early, staying late, or working through lunch as needed.
Employees are covered in full and heavily subsidized dependent coverage is available.
Employees are creative and an important source of new ideas.
Employees are critical to an organization s success.
Employees are cross-trained so that they can do any job necessary.
Employees are cross-trained so that they can fill in for each other when necessary.
Employees are cross-trained so that they can work on different parts of the production process.
Employees are customer focused and value achieving results.
Employees are customers as well as managers.
Employees are decreasingly able to monitor child care due to other responsibilities.
Employees are dependent on their supervisors for their livelihood.
Employees are depressed.
Employees are desperate for investment advice and guidance.
Employees are eager to learn how to solve ethical dilemmas.
Employees are effective in their areas of responsibility.
Employees are either day workers or shift workers.
Employees are either investments or overhead.
Employees are eligible after completion of six months employment.
Employees are eligible after completion of two years of employment.
Employees are eligible after one year of service.
Employees are eligible after six months of service.
Employees are eligible for a limited number of benefits.
Employees are eligible for a three-year incentive payout based on one corporate goal.
Employees are eligible for a wide range of benefits.
Employees are eligible for benefits and deductions based on the salary administration plan.
Employees are eligible for benefits beginning with their first day of employment.
Employees are eligible for both premium conversion and spending accounts immediately.
Employees are eligible for both undergraduate and graduate courses.
Employees are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Employees are eligible for coverage the first of the following month after their hire date.
Employees are eligible for educational benefits after six months of employment.
Employees are eligible for employer paid medical, dental, vision and life insurance.
Employees are eligible for fifteen PTO days per calendar year during the first year of employment.
Employees are eligible for future locality pay increases for their geographical area.
Employees are eligible for health and medical, dental, vision and life insurance.
Employees are eligible for health and medical, dental, vision, and life insurance.
Employees are eligible for holiday pay beginning first day of employment.
Employees are eligible for holiday pay on their first day of employment.
Employees are eligible for immediate entry into the plan.
Employees are eligible for insurance from the date of hire.
Employees are eligible for low-cost life insurance.
Employees are eligible for medical leaves from date of hire.
Employees are eligible for medical, dental, vision and life insurance.
Employees are eligible for membership in a credit union.
Employees are eligible for merit pay based upon their performance during their probationary period.
Employees are eligible for military leave with approval and receipt of orders.
Employees are eligible for no more than one emergency loan per year.
Employees are eligible for overtime pay.
Employees are eligible for paid holidays and vacation on their first day of employment.
Employees are eligible for performance-based bonuses, including stock options.
Employees are eligible for profit sharing, depending on revenue, each quarter.
Employees are eligible for reimbursement for the entire amount at any time during the plan year.
Employees are eligible for retirement after completing ten years of creditable service.
Employees are eligible for review on specific dates.
Employees are eligible for salary continuation once they have exhausted their sick leave.
Employees are eligible for several types of financial assistance.
Employees are eligible for shift differential only if they are paid by the hour.
Employees are eligible for the company match the first quarter following one year of service.
Employees are eligible for the plan after one year of continued employment.
Employees are eligible for the statewide tuition waiver program after six months.
Employees are eligible for tuition waivers and receive paid holidays, sick leave, and vacations.
Employees are eligible for two weeks of vacation at the completion of the first year.
Employees are eligible for unemployment compensation in accordance with state law.
Employees are eligible for up to six months of medical leave during a rolling twelve month period.
Employees are eligible for up to three visits for individual consultation.
Employees are eligible for vacation time after one year of service.
Employees are eligible for workers' compensation in accordance with state law.
Employees are eligible from date of hire.
Employees are eligible if they are medically certified as able to work.
Employees are eligible immediately upon employment.
Employees are eligible immediately.
Employees are eligible on the day of hire.
Employees are eligible on the first day of the month following thirty days of employment.
Employees are eligible on their date of hire.
Employees are eligible on their first day of employment.
Employees are eligible one month following their date of hire.
Employees are eligible regardless of their health plan.
Employees are eligible six months from the date of employment and approved application.
Employees are eligible the first day of the month following completion of one-year service.
Employees are eligible the first of the month following their start date.
Employees are eligible to apply for positions for which they are qualified.
Employees are eligible to begin taking paid vacation time after six months of employment.
Employees are eligible to choose between two medical options.
Employees are eligible to earn cash incentives, and top stores are honored with awards quarterly.
Employees are eligible to enroll first day of employment and annually thereafter.
Employees are eligible to enroll in dental plans after one year of service.
Employees are eligible to enroll in federal health insurance, life insurance and retirement plans.
Employees are eligible to enroll in most benefits upon hire.
Employees are eligible to enroll in the plan during the first enrollment period after hire.
Employees are eligible to enroll on the first of the month following three full months of service.
Employees are eligible to enroll on their hire date.
Employees are eligible to enroll the first day of employment and annually thereafter.
Employees are eligible to enroll upon date of hire.
Employees are eligible to establish a medical reimbursement account after one year of employment.
Employees are eligible to join intramural programs.
Employees are eligible to join the plan immediately.
Employees are eligible to join the plan the first of the month following employment.
Employees are eligible to join via payroll deduction.
Employees are eligible to obtain family coverage at their own expense.
Employees are eligible to participate as of the first of the month after their date of hire.
Employees are eligible to participate from the date of employment.
Employees are eligible to participate immediately upon hire.
Employees are eligible to participate immediately.
Employees are eligible to participate in all plans at date of hire.
Employees are eligible to participate in the benefit programs for state employees.
Employees are eligible to participate in the plan immediately upon hire.
Employees are eligible to participate in the tuition assistance program upon date of hire.
Employees are eligible to participate in two credit unions.
Employees are eligible to participate on the first of the month following one month of employment.
Employees are eligible to participate on the fist day of the month following their date of hire.
Employees are eligible to participate on their own immediately.
Employees are eligible to participate the first day of the month following an individual's hire.
Employees are eligible to participate the first quarter following one year of service.
Employees are eligible to participate upon employment.
Employees are eligible to purchase products through the pharmacy.
Employees are eligible to purchase supplemental life insurance, short-term disability insurance.
Employees are eligible to receive additional stock options on an annual basis.
Employees are eligible to receive available paid vacation after six months of regular employment.
Employees are eligible to receive compensatory time in lieu of overtime payment.
Employees are eligible to receive credit for tuition for two courses per semester.
Employees are eligible to receive specified pay adjustments upon return from leave of absence.
Employees are eligible to receive vacation pay after a six month probationary period.
Employees are eligible to receive waivers for up to twelve credits per calendar year.
Employees are eligible to start making contributions at the start of their employment.
Employees are eligible to take one course free.
Employees are eligible to take sick leave after successfully completing their initial hire period.
Employees are eligible to take vacation after successfully completing their initial hire period.
Employees are eligible to take vacation after the first six months of employment.
Employees are eligible to use accrued personal leave after two weeks of continuous service.
Employees are eligible to use annual leave after being on payroll for one month.
Employees are eligible to use TAP after one year from their date of hire.
Employees are eligible to use vacation leave after completing one year of state service.
Employees are eligible to utilize tuition waiver for undergraduate, graduate or law classes.
Employees are eligible upon hire with no waiting period.
Employees are eligible upon hire.
Employees are encourage to contact their Region.
Employees are encourages to utilize the most economical travel arrangements.
Employees are ever scared of their job.
Employees are exempt from overtime provisions.
Employees are exempt from registration fees.
Employees are exempt under the FLSA if they are paid on a salary basis.
Employees are expensive.
Employees are experts at doing their jobs the way that they do their jobs.
Employees are extra friendly and helpful.
Employees are extremely friendly and knowledgeable about all kinds of music.
Employees are extremely impressionable their first days on a new job.
Employees are extremely proud of their contributions on numerous critical programs over the years.
Employees are familiar with company policies.
Employees are familiar with the competency needs of their agency and the state system overall.
Employees are far less likely to also have traditional pensions.
Employees are far more likely to remain loyal if they are treated as individuals.
Employees are fiercely loyal to the agency.
Employees are frantic and disoriented.
Employees are free as are other church members.
Employees are free to buy and sell stock upon trade days.
Employees are free to contribute whatever percentage they choose, if anything at all.
Employees are free to decorate their own work spaces.
Employees are free to do anything from taking a cruise to watching the grandchildren while on leave.
Employees are free to do more important tasks.
Employees are free to dress in the casual attire of their choice.
Employees are free to form social relationships of their own choosing.
Employees are free to join or refrain from joining.
Employees are free to proceed without any representation if they choose.
Employees are free to report any incident involving sexual harassment without fear of reprisal.
Employees are free to resign at any time.
Employees are free to resign at anytime, with or without cause or notice.
Employees are free to select any dentist at any time.
Employees are free to take it or leave it.
Employees are free to use all the information available.
Employees are free to use the money as they choose.
Employees are free to vote as they wish at the time of an election.
Employees are free, of course, to contribute personally to candidates or parties of their choice.
Employees are friendly, attentive.
Employees are friendly, helpful.
Employees are friendly.
Employees are fully and immediately vested from their participation effective date.
Employees are generally free to chose the course provider and the dates of the course.
Employees are generally free to quit their jobs upon two weeks' notice.
Employees are generally in better health because of reduced stress and exposure to pollution.
Employees are generally more attached to their benefits than to the specific amount of their wages.
Employees are generally very loyal to their firm and want to see it succeed and become better.
Employees are grateful for the generous raises.
Employees are guaranteed employment for three years.
Employees are happier and morale is up.
Employees are happier and more productive, and employers can save a bundle on overhead costs.
Employees are happier, more cooperative and more productive.
Employees are happier, say proponents, and staff turnover is significantly reduced.
Employees are happier.
Employees are happy because they re invested in the company.
Employees are happy to have a good job at a good organization.
Employees are happy with their jobs in the casino industry.
Employees are happy.
Employees are healthy and back to work faster.
Employees are held accountable for their performance and excellence is rewarded.
Employees are here to support both faculty and students in their academic and research missions.
Employees are hikers, skiers and mountain bikers who want to live and work in the state.
Employees are human resources, things to be managed and controlled.
Employees are immediately eligible to enroll in the Plan.
Employees are in a position to, and do demand, an equity share.
Employees are in charge cleaning and maintaining specific plant areas.
Employees are in full control of their individual accounts.
Employees are in full travel status when state business requires overnight or longer stays.
Employees are in occasional contact with mechanics to maintain the bus.
Employees are in receipt of money from the coroners office and courts.
Employees are inclined to suppress bad news.
Employees are increasingly mobile, and close to the corporation's suppliers and clients.
Employees are increasingly willing to relocate.
Employees are individually accountable for how they access and use the government's e-mail system.
Employees are individuals with different personalities and backgrounds.
Employees are ineligible to receive donated leave during any period of disciplinary suspension.
Employees are ineligible to use donated leave during the period of any disciplinary suspensions.
Employees are interested and work to improve their respective inputs.
Employees are interested in flexible, affordable solutions to their personal benefit needs.
Employees are interested in hearing their own suggestions discussed in open forums.
Employees are involved in setting meaningful goals and performance measures for their work.
Employees are just that-employees.
Employees are key to building our organization.
Employees are knowledgeable and willing to help.
Employees are knowledgeable in procedures and processes.
Employees are knowledgeable, active local anglers.
Employees are less likely to be injured while commuting.
Employees are less likely to leave a company that offers training in a variety of skills.
Employees are less responsive to direction, less likely to be controlled.
Employees are less restricted as to when and where they can refuel.
Employees are less secure and less trusting of their employers than ever before.
Employees are less stressed because they better manage their work, family and other personal tasks.
Employees are liable for any taxes incurred.
Employees are like nails.
Employees are likely to hold the status of virtual partner.
Employees are likely to work fewer hours, earn more per hour and be better trained.
Employees are likely, however, to be entitled to statutory maternity pay.
Employees are limited to a central office without enhanced telecommunications.
Employees are limited to one full-credit course per term subject to approval of their supervisor.
Employees are limited to one winning entry per year.
Employees are limited to the health plan, or plans, their employer offers.
Employees are limited to three charitable deduction groups at any one time.
Employees are loath to really improve productivity if it means they no longer have a job.
Employees are located in companies.
Employees are located in corporations.
Employees are located in meetings.
Employees are located in offices.
Employees are located in work.
Employees are located in workplaces.
Employees are location-independent.
Employees are loyal to the company, and there is little job switching.
Employees are means to accomplish goals rather than people to be developed and nurtured.
Employees are members of employers' immediate family.
Employees are mobile, unionized, blue-collars workers.
Employees are more capable of taking care of customers, which builds stronger customer loyalty.
Employees are more capable to take care of customers which builds stronger customer loyalty.
Employees are more challenged, and managers communicate better with each other.
Employees are more committed when they feel they are being heard.
Employees are more concerned with their own welfare than with satisfying customers.
Employees are more confident as they apply their new skills.
Employees are more coordinated, and can do things like videoconferencing or document sharing.
Employees Are More Demanding .
Employees are more diverse.
Employees are more efficient and in fact look for ways of becoming more efficient.
Employees are more energetic and productive.
Employees are more enthusiastic about work if given a choice in their own schedules.
Employees are more interested in base pay.
Employees are more involved in pay design.
Employees are more likely to be required to submit regular reports to the employer.
Employees are more likely to complete and return a brief survey.
Employees are more likely to consider shared commutes.
Employees are more likely to die from a traffic accident than any other job hazard.
Employees are more likely to discuss issues with a boss they trust.
Employees are more likely to have their contributions limited.
Employees are more likely to support and use programs in which they have input.
Employees are more likely to support the goals, when they help to determine the goals.
Employees are more loyal if they know the company is doing all it can to preserve their jobs.
Employees are more motivated.
Employees are more productive and happier when the risk of injury or illness is reduced.
Employees are more productive when their ideas are listened to and acted upon.
Employees are more productive when they are comfortable.
Employees are more productive when they work at home.
Employees are more relaxed in comfortable clothes and tend to be more at ease with their coworkers.
Employees are more reliable.
Employees are more satisfied with LSIs.
Employees are more valued for contribution, than for loyalty.
Employees are more willing to contribute if they have access to their funds through loans.
Employees are more willing to discuss problems or brainstorm ideas.
Employees are more willing to pay for general training than for specific training.
Employees are most comfortable with rules that define their practices.
Employees are most motivated when they feel valued.
Employees are much easier to influence when they feel appreciated, respected, and needed.
Employees are much more concerned with their own safety and health on the job.
Employees are nature, too.
Employees are ninth.
Employees are no different in their thinking.
Employees are no different.
Employees are no longer a subsidized and expendable commodity.
Employees are no longer at the mercy of employers.
Employees are no longer interchangeable parts.
Employees are no longer single.
Employees are normally present during the regular course of the work day.
Employees are now free to resign and reuse code in building software solutions for competitors.
Employees are now in the position to pick and choose.
Employees are now the buyers and employers the sellers.
Employees are of all educational and socioeconomic levels and cultural backgrounds.
Employees are often able to purchase additional benefits on a salary reduction basis.
Employees are often better at communicating what they know, or think they know than management.
Employees are often happy to leave their normal routines for a day to learn something new.
Employees are often local folks who feel drawn to what is happening and enjoy working together.
Employees are often much more powerful than they realize.
Employees are often the best judges of what is considered an ideal working environment.
Employees are often the most cynical audience of all.
Employees are often too busy to spend much extra time with patients on the job.
Employees are often unprepared or unwilling to assume the new responsibilities it entails.
Employees are on call outside office hours or while traveling.
Employees are on probation for performance only.
Employees are on the clock during classtime.
Employees are on the cutting-edge translating new ideas into winning products and services.
Employees are on the job, earning wages.
Employees are on the payroll.
Employees are on their feet for six hours.
Employees are on their own for getting to work.
Employees are one of the most important factors in determining that value.
Employees are only as good as their leaders.
Employees are our company's greatest resources.
Employees are our greatest strength.
Employees are our most important asset.
Employees are our most important assets.
Employees are our most important resource.
Employees are our most valuable asset.
Employees are our most valuable resource.
Employees are our most valued resource.
Employees are our strength.
Employees are outsiders, who are disenfranchised.
Employees are overwhelmed, exhausted and bored.
Employees are paramount.
Employees are part of companies.
Employees are part of the decision making process.
Employees are part of the group because they work in the same unit or department.
Employees are passionate about the company's vision to make the company a market leader.
Employees are people and people are complex beings.
Employees are people first .
Employees are people first.
Employees are people too.
Employees are people with hopes, dreams, hurts, and fears.
Employees are people, and people want to be cared for.
Employees are people.
Employees are people.
Employees are personally responsible for the accuracy of their time sheets.
Employees are prepared for advancement with training and mentoring.
Employees are prepared to attend training.
Employees are professional.
Employees are proud of.
Employees are proud to be associated with a company with the reputation for service quality.
Employees are proud to be public servants, and believe that they make a difference.
Employees are proud to work for a company that supports engineering education.
Employees are proud.
Employees are quicker to steal from unethical employers than principled ones.
Employees are quite often majority owners, but managers are always the active owners.
Employees are quite often shareholders.
Employees are representatives wherever they go, and they are the messengers of the mission.
Employees are requires to notify management of all changes in certification.
Employees are responsible for a co-pay but no deductibles.
Employees are responsible for accomplishing their own work objectives.
Employees are responsible for accurately recording their time worked for each scheduled workday.
Employees are responsible for accurately reporting time worked.
Employees are responsible for adhering to department work schedules.
Employees are responsible for adjudicating difficult and unusual claims for disability benefits.
Employees are responsible for all keys received.
Employees are responsible for any damage their dogs cause.
Employees are responsible for any tax liability generated from employee education benefits.
Employees are responsible for arranging and paying for their own cable and phone.
Employees are responsible for assuring that their application is current and complete.
Employees are responsible for being qualified, and remaining qualified, for their jobs.
Employees are responsible for books and additional fees, if applicable.
Employees are responsible for caring for their uniforms.
Employees are responsible for case development and completion.
Employees are responsible for cleaning their own rooms.
Employees are responsible for completing a self-review to assist in the appraisal process.
Employees are responsible for completing their time slips at the end of their shift.
Employees are responsible for complying with the policy.
Employees are responsible for complying with the practices within the Fall Protection Policy.
Employees are responsible for coordination of an entire process on an agency-wide basis.
Employees are responsible for costs above the employer's contribution.
Employees are responsible for dependent and domestic partner dental premiums.
Employees are responsible for dependent and domestic partner premiums.
Employees are responsible for ensuring that all work shoes are maintained in a safe condition.
Employees are responsible for ensuring that classification assigned by the originator is respected.
Employees are responsible for exercising good judgment regarding the reasonableness of personal use.
Employees are responsible for fees associated with the programs they select.
Employees are responsible for following established department scheduling and call-in procedures.
Employees are responsible for following government regulations on mailing practices.
Employees are responsible for furnishing their own cooking utensils and food.
Employees are responsible for getting their retirement forms notarized .
Employees are responsible for giving supervisors at least two week's notice of the proposed absence.
Employees are responsible for highly difficult program development or technical assistance work.
Employees are responsible for hotel and food.
Employees are responsible for immediately reporting an injury or illness to their department head.
Employees are responsible for incidental charges.
Employees are responsible for informing their supervisors of any significant change.
Employees are responsible for keeping management apprised of their schedule and whereabouts.
Employees are responsible for keeping their supervisor informed of their status on a daily basis.
Employees are responsible for long range planning and design of system architecture and structure.
Employees are responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of the facilities.
Employees are responsible for making their own vacation plans.
Employees are responsible for notifying the appropriate contact person when data changes.
Employees are responsible for notifying their supervisors of their situation.
Employees are responsible for obtaining and paying for their eye exam.
Employees are responsible for paying all related fees for class attendance.
Employees are responsible for paying the cost of medical and dental insurance on their dependents.
Employees are responsible for payment of services provided by other agencies.
Employees are responsible for performing their work in a safe and responsible manner.
Employees are responsible for personal conduct and cleanliness in assigned residences.
Employees are responsible for practicing general safe housekeeping in their individual work areas.
Employees are responsible for prompt submssion of time sheets.
Employees are responsible for providing their own books, supplies, and special fees.
Employees are responsible for removing or saving files they wish to keep.
Employees are responsible for reporting all hours worked each week.
Employees are responsible for reporting lost keys immediately to the proper authorities.
Employees are responsible for requesting accommodations.
Employees are responsible for requesting official time in advance.
Employees are responsible for routine maintenance of their vehicles.
Employees are responsible for safely operating the plant's equipment.
Employees are responsible for some contribution to either plan.
Employees are responsible for spending which exceeds the limits.
Employees are responsible for the accuracy of the information in their record.
Employees are responsible for the completion of many jobs without specific instruction or guidance.
Employees are responsible for the conduct and safety of their visitors.
Employees are responsible for the costs and application for coverage.
Employees are responsible for the difference paid by the university and the total premium.
Employees are responsible for the entire premium.
Employees are responsible for the laundering and maintenance of uniforms.
Employees are responsible for the most specialized and technically advanced environmental controls.
Employees are responsible for the proper use and cleaning of hearing protection devices.
Employees are responsible for the safe return of all materials borrowed.
Employees are responsible for the safeguarding of their keys.
Employees are responsible for the safety and conduct of their guests.
Employees are responsible for the safety of students assigned to their charge.
Employees are responsible for the security of all documents and records in their possession.
Employees are responsible for the security of their accounts.
Employees are responsible for the total premium for any plan selected.
Employees are responsible for the total premium for the plan selected.
Employees are responsible for their availability and prompt response during periods of call status.
Employees are responsible for their job performance.
Employees are responsible for their own linens and food.
Employees are responsible for their own personal and professional development.
Employees are responsible for their own safe use of foot protection.
Employees are responsible for their personal laundry.
Employees are responsible for washing the uniforms.
Employees are responsible for wearing the prescribed hearing protection.
Employees are responsible that data they transfer or download are virus-free.
Employees are responsible to aid in the development of SOPs.
Employees are responsible to drive cautiously and defensively.
Employees are responsible to ensure they have adequate coverage.
Employees are reviewed annually for raises and the potential for performance bonuses exist.
Employees are rightfully hesitant to fiddle with their health insurance.
Employees are rungs on the ladder of success.
Employees are sand blasting the inside of the tank with silica, no hazard communications program.
Employees are satisfied with the programs.
Employees are satisfied with their involvement in decisions that affect their work.
Employees are satisfied.
Employees are scared.
Employees are self-motivated and driven to succeed.
Employees are self-reliant and accept responsibility for the organization's overall success.
Employees are sensitive to criticism.
Employees are sensitive to managers' commitment to the change process.
Employees are sensitive to putting their opinions in writing, as well.
Employees are seven times more likely to steal than are customers.
Employees are sick less, are willing to work longer hours, and are more productive.
Employees are so advised.
Employees are stakeholders themselves.
Employees are strong-willed but their managers are weak.
Employees are subject to a one-year apprenticeship.
Employees are subject to call twenty-four hours a day.
Employees are subject to call-in duty during emergencies and staffing shortages.
Employees are subject to civil service.
Employees are subject to criminal record checks.
Employees are subject to discipline for any breach of confidentiality.
Employees are subject to drug and alcohol testing.
Employees are subject to hazardous duty in times of emergency or when necessitated by circumstances.
Employees are subject to high public exposure.
Employees are subject to high stress.
Employees are subject to medical examinations before, during and after the project.
Employees are supervised and skill and specific job requirements are regularly evaluated.
Employees are supportive and committed to the company .
Employees are talented and loyal.
Employees are the backbone of our business.
Employees are the backbone of the corporation.
Employees are the best source of new hires.
Employees are the center's greatest assets.
Employees are the company s only assets.
Employees are the company's most valued assets.
Employees are the contact points between the corporate brand and customers.
Employees are the critical resource most firms too often ignore.
Employees are the first to be considered for new position openings and promotions.
Employees are the first to know when the decision is made.
Employees are the front line dealing with customers and handling complaints.
Employees are the heart and soul of a business.
Employees are the heart of our customer service.
Employees are the image of Great West to our customers.
Employees are the interface between our customers and our business.
Employees are the key assets in many businesses.
Employees are the key to a successful business in today's competitive energy industry.
Employees are the key to business success.
Employees are the means to accomplish our goals and the goals of our clients.
Employees are the most valuable resource of any organisation.
Employees are the only organization resource that can, with training, appreciate in value.
Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success.
Employees are the rungs on the ladder to success.
Employees are the stakeholder group most critical to the initiative's success.
Employees are the vital core of a high-performance organization.
Employees are their best, and in some cases, only asset.
Employees are then eligible for wage increases every six months for a two-year period.
Employees are then free to work with the information in their Exchange public folders.
Employees are then freer to focus on job tasks.
Employees are there to sell, but also to provide advice to clients.
Employees are therefore more likely to be loyal to the company.
Employees are to be advised of the rules and procedures relating to sick leave.
Employees are to be advised of their seniority date upon request.
Employees are to be afforded time away from work to attend their scheduled orientation meeting.
Employees are to be cautioned to use the right size and type tools for the job.
Employees are to be compensated in cash for any overtime worked during the pay period earned.
Employees are to be familiar with the list's locations.
Employees are to be given annual notice in writing as to work performance.
Employees are to be hired at the starting hourly pay rate assigned to the occupational title.
Employees are to be informed of the exposure monitoring results.
Employees are to be instructed in the proper disposition of their personal protective equipment.
Employees are to be trained at the time they are assigned to work with a hazardous chemical.
Employees are to charge any and all such calls to their home phones.
Employees are to forward their leave requests through their designated supervisor for approval.
Employees are to have reasonable access to personnel records during regular business hours.
Employees are to have the privilege of designating when they prefer to take vacation.
Employees are to know the duties as stated in their site specific fire plan.
Employees are to mount a staff buy-out of the beleaguered airline.
Employees are to report to work .
Employees are to report to work.
Employees are to set up passwords that are cryptic and impede unauthorized access.
Employees are to tune into the above stations for reporting or closure information.
Employees are to use a national automated voice system called The Work Number for Everyone .
Employees are to use vacation or personal days.
Employees are trained on customer services.
Employees are trained on services.
Employees are truly alive and engaged.
Employees are typically willing to stay in limbo for a little while.
Employees are unable to discuss pay under threat of discipline.
Employees are unable to locate state telephone numbers in the state or local directory.
Employees are unaware of their surroundings, and only care about themselves and their timecard.
Employees are unaware of what is safe or unsafe.
Employees are uncooperative and non-communicative.
Employees are under no obligation to work either part or all of the notice period.
Employees are understandably appreciative.
Employees are understandably reluctant to talk about their jobs.
Employees are unhappy.
Employees are upset and threatened by change.
Employees are usually the first to go.
Employees are valuable assets to virtually every company.
Employees are valuable resources for filling job openings.
Employees are valuable.
Employees are very curious about the technology and are suggesting new uses.
Employees are very happy with the things it does.
Employees are very much interested in the total compensation package.
Employees are very nice and considerate.
Employees are very reluctant to re-enter the hospitals.
Employees are very satisfied with the program.
Employees are very well taken care of.
Employees are wearing, what appears to be cloth, gloves during the loading operation.
Employees are wearing, what appears to be large, rubber gloves during the operation.
Employees are wearing, what appears to be large, thick leather, gloves during the operation.
Employees are welcome and encouraged to drop in anytime.
Employees are welcome anytime.
Employees are welcome to attend all lecture and most classes at no charge.
Employees are welcome to attend all lectures and sessions at no charge.
Employees are welcome to attend.
Employees are welcome to call as frequently as desired.
Employees are welcome to come up with their own ideas for ergonomic fixes.
Employees are welcome to contact the office of human resource development at ext.
Employees are welcome to use all the food services.
Employees are welcome to use the equipment at school during the summer months.
Employees are well compensated and highly respected for the excellent job they do.
Employees are well supervised.
Employees are well trained and people who abuse animals are punished.
Employees are willing to put in as much effort as is necessary to get the job done.
Employees are workers.
Employees are worth listening to.
Employees are younger on average, and marriage takes place later.
Employees are, at all times, to practice safe and sanitary methods of food handling.
Employees are, however, entitled to claim applicable compensation benefits in such situations.
Employees argue that the employer's monitoring of e-mail violates their privacy rights.
Employees arrive at places.
Employees arrive at sites.
Employees arrive relaxed and ready to work.
Employees ask each respondent to complete the questionnaire and return it in the envelope provided.
Employees ask that of their supervisors.
Employees assign ed tasks have little input into planning or evaluating the processes.
Employees assist in developing and interpreting program policies and procedures.
Employees assume that their jobs are stable and secure.
Employees attain balance, flexibility and peace during yoga classes.
Employees attend and complete various training programs.
Employees attend class on their own time.
Employees attend local technical schools and seminars on specific industry related subjects.
Employees attend morning classes, and spend afternoons in the clinical areas.
Employees attend their initial counselling session within one week of the initial contact.
Employees attend workshops on team-based organization.
Employees authorize the withholding of a portion of their wages for payroll savings bonds.
Employees automatically get a one step increase at the end of promotional trial service.
Employees automatically receive the correct discount.
Employees average forty hours per week, with two days off.
Employees avoid expensive check-cashing fees.
Employees avoid the confusion that diluted messages can cause by speaking simply and directly.
Employees based at our headquarters enjoy a campus-like atmosphere.
Employees battle with so much information, so much to do, and so little time.
Employees bear investment risk under the plan.
Employees bear no cost for retirement system membership.
Employees bear no risk.
Employees bear the costs of stress and time wasted by sitting in traffic jams.
Employees bear the full risk for future health care inflation.
Employees bear the investment risk with defined contribution plans.
Employees become better dental care consumers.
Employees become concerned about consequences and are empowered to take the best possible action.
Employees become disinterested.
Employees become distracted and preoccupied with possible restructuring outcomes.
Employees become eligible after one year of continuous employment.
Employees become eligible after one year of employment.
Employees become eligible for short-term disability coverage after thirty days of employment.
Employees become eligible for the bonus program by completing their contract.
Employees become eligible for tuition assistance after six months of continuous service.
Employees become eligible on the first day of regular employment.
Employees become far more enthusiastic about a plan when they understand it.
Employees become frustrated because their evaluations are sporadic and often confusing.
Employees become frustrated over any problem that delays receipt of a paycheck.
Employees become head count.
Employees become ill or spend time fighting the fires.
Employees become more accountable and more conscientious about food safety.
Employees become more familiar with the other agency.
Employees become more fearful of the implications of the changes underway.
Employees become more involved the productivity gains made by the employer.
Employees become more than a wage earner, they become an award winner.
Employees become participants in the plan after one year of employment.
Employees become productive in minutes instead of days.
Employees become suspicious and wary.
Employees become the problem of the contractor.
Employees become vested in the program after ten years.
Employees beg to differ.
Employees begin accruing annual and sick leave immediately.
Employees begin to accrue benefits from their first day of employment.
Employees begin to accrue sick and annual leave immediately.
Employees begin work by swiping their badges through a time recorder.
Employees believe voluntary products enrich a benefits package.
Employees belonging to a bargaining unit are subject to all university rules and regulations.
Employees benefit by having a single contact point for workers' compensation questions or concerns.
Employees benefit by receiving either the extra income or a subsidized commute.
Employees benefit by receiving quality treatment quickly and conveniently.
Employees benefit from ease of use and increased coverage.
Employees benefit from feeling productive again, which actually assists in achieving rapid recovery.
Employees benefit from the numerous opportunities to make the work environment fit their needs.
Employees benefit from using mass transit because it reduces their commuting cost and stress.
Employees benefit when their verifications are provided in a much shorter period of time.
Employees benefit with reduced commute times and stress.
Employees benefits base rate of pay based on currently active jobs.
Employees better appreciate individual differences.
Employees better be careful what they say about their boss.
Employees bring both opportunities and challenges to a job.
Employees bring disks from home without scanning for viruses.
Employees bring out the best in their employers by doing their best possible work.
Employees bring so much candy the kids literally are dragging their bags out the door.
Employees bring their guitars, electric key boards, drums, and other musical instruments.
Employees bring their lunch to work.
Employees bring their own coffee, paper towels and toilet paper to work.
Employees bring their own reusable mugs when purchasing soda or coffee from mall vendors.
Employees build nest boxes, create attractive landscapes and establish good monitoring procedures.
Employees buy housing, insurance, a variety of financial and investment services, and many goods.
Employees buy pumpkins for their families or to use in the contest.
Employees call in and make changes by phone.
Employees call in sick, plan vacations, and get called for jury duty.
Employees call the psychologist's office directly.
Employees can accelerate employee business expenses as well.
Employees can access a cobranded Web site to enjoy the convenience of shopping online.
Employees can access available job opportunities on-line.
Employees can access company email through their web browser.
Employees can access course content anytime, anywhere.
Employees can access information as needed.
Employees can access information, collaborate, and distribute results anywhere, anytime.
Employees can access it from the phone, green-lit terminals and, of course, the Web.
Employees can access one central location to find all business-critical information.
Employees can access order status, place a new order or reorder checks, and access customer service.
Employees can access potential rideshare partners with similar commutes in just minutes.
Employees can access the company's intranet site from anywhere in the world using the Internet.
Employees can access the training programs from any location and at any time.
Employees can access their benefit statements as often as they wish.
Employees can access their exposure and medical records by contacting their personnel officer.
Employees can access their personal information two different ways.
Employees can access their records anywhere, anytime.
Employees can access their work e-mail through any Web browser, from anywhere in the world.
Employees can accessorize their space, leading to a great deal of playful creativity.
Employees can accomplish more in less time.
Employees can accumulate an unlimited number of days.
Employees can accumulate an unlimited number of sick days.
Employees can accumulate and unlimited number of sick leave days.
Employees can accurately describe what they do.
Employees can act instead of just reacting.
Employees can actually get more done in fewer days.
Employees can add events to the calendar and indicate which events they are interested in attending.
Employees can adjust their own work area lighting, acoustics, temperature, and airflow.
Employees can aid in the search by checking for suspicious objects.
Employees can already qualify for paid leave to do volunteer work.
Employees can also access bulletin boards, discussion forums and training courses.
Employees can also access information and print forms online.
Employees can also achieve greater flexibility and balance between their work and home lives.
Employees can also alert benefits managers to the rankings.
Employees can also anonymously post false statements about their company over the Internet.
Employees can also ask their doctors if they are network providers.
Employees can also attend our workshops for free.
Employees can also benefit from discounts on wireless services including cellular, data and paging.
Employees can also benefit from our tuition assistance program.
Employees can also benefit from the company's aggressive profit-sharing and bonus programs.
Employees can also book training courses online and can view product demonstrations.
Employees can also buy additional employee and dependent life insurance at discounted rates.
Employees can also check the following web site for information on virus hoaxes.
Employees can also choose coverage for their spouse and dependents.
Employees can also choose to waive coverage.
Employees can also choose to waive vision coverage.
Employees can also clock in and out via the Internet.
Employees can also clock on to different pay categories whilst working on a job.
Employees can also donate during regular drive hours.
Employees can also elect to contribute on an after tax basis to an annuity within the plan.
Employees can also extend a current subscription at a lower rate.
Employees can also go through hepatitis shot series.
Employees can also help themselves.
Employees can also insure eligible children for a low fee.
Employees can also invest an additional one percent.
Employees can also learn about various investment topics.
Employees can also make arrangements to pay in installments.
Employees can also make benefit choices by filling out the appropriate paper forms if they prefer.
Employees can also open and review service requests for both IT and HR helpdesks.
Employees can also order cooked meals to take home for the evening or at shift change.
Employees can also order equipment upgrades at their own cost.
Employees can also own and operate commuter highway vehicles.
Employees can also partake in company forums and threaded discussions on hot topics.
Employees can also participate in wellness programs designed to enhance their health.
Employees can also place pre tax dollars into a fund to cover child care expenses.
Employees can also provide feedback to managers.
Employees can also purchase CDs, manage brokerage accounts, and secure home equity loans.
Employees can also purchase optional insurance at their own expense.
Employees can also purchase Optional insurance at their own expense.
Employees can also qualify for certification pay and skill level pay.
Employees can also recover attorneys fees.
Employees can also request schedule changes to the administrator.
Employees can also reserve a variety of less traditional spaces.
Employees can also return pledge cards through campus mail.
Employees can also return to courses to brush up on skills whenever necessary.
Employees can also substitute accrued paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave.
Employees can also sue their company when there are inequities or problems with a plan.
Employees can also take advantage of the company's licensed on-site childcare facilities.
Employees can also take after-hours courses at local universities.
Employees can also take several different exercise classes during their lunch hour or after work.
Employees can also use Notes for electronic consultations with each other.
Employees can also use pre-tax dollars to reduce the cost of child care.
Employees can also use the calculator to analyse the effects of restructuring their packages.
Employees can also view an instant replay while the broadcast is still going on.
Employees can also wear headphones to create a greater means of concentration.
Employees can always use reminders for safety.
Employees can answer another employee's phone without leaving their own desk, increasing efficiency.
Employees can answer questions and provide information on registration and related requirements.
Employees can answer questions, demonstrate products and make suggestions.
Employees can appeal the sheriff's decisions in court.
Employees can appeal their ranking.
Employees can apply for positions immediately or request more information.
Employees can ask for an alternative work week.
Employees can ask payroll questions in the finance department.
Employees can ask questions that pertain directly to their business duties.
Employees can ask to access the site from a co-worker's or supervisor's computer.
Employees can assign their time to projects, jobs and tasks within a department.
Employees can attend all or part of the workshops and luncheon.
Employees can attend any of the above dates.
Employees can attend Bible college and gain invaluable counseling experience working with the youth.
Employees can authorize such deductions by signing a form on an annual basis.
Employees can automatically deposit their entire paycheck to a bank of their choice.
Employees can avoid transportation, clothing, and food expenses using telecommuting.
Employees can be a significant source of harmful microorganisms.
Employees can be a source of competitive advantage or disadvantage.
Employees can be a tremendous asset rather than a disagreeable necessity.
Employees can be a vital resource for improving procedures.
Employees can be an institution's most valuable asset.
Employees can be at different locations and still be able to receive all their calls.
Employees can be courteous and knowledgeable or rude and apathetic.
Employees can be happier and more productive with a brief massage right in the office.
Employees can be innovative in solving organizational problems.
Employees can be more productive with better tools to handle their communications.
Employees can be professional yet comfortable.
Employees can be very lackadaisical regarding the proper response when the fire alarm gongs sound.
Employees can become angry or hostile.
Employees can become too upset to work.
Employees can begin contributing after six months of employment.
Employees can begin contributing to a retirement plan immediately after they are hired.
Employees can begin participating after receiving their first paycheck.
Employees can begin participating in either program at any time.
Employees can benefit by seeing overall workgroup progress.
Employees can benefit from knowing about mental health and learning how to reduce stress.
Employees can better balance work and home responsibilities.
Employees can better communicate and collaborate via the intranet.
Employees can book conference rooms from their desktops.
Employees can book training courses via the intranet.
Employees can both build confidence and offer important suggestions and ideas.
Employees can bring a spouse or friend.
Employees can bring t heir effort into accord with the company s goals.
Employees can bring their dogs to work.
Employees can buy a personal computer at cost.
Employees can buy motor homes at cost.
Employees can buy their own benefits using tax-free dollars.
Employees can call a toll-free number and punch in designated access codes.
Employees can call a toll-free number to find out what is going on in case of a disaster.
Employees can call at any time to ask questions or request additional information.
Employees can call to set up an appointment or just call to talk to a counselor.
Employees can capture data and share knowledge according to a higher standard of communication.
Employees can carpool as many days as they want.
Employees can carry no more than forty days of annual leave from one fiscal year to the next.
Employees can carry over their unreimbursed account balance from month to month, and year to year.
Employees can change certain payroll or personnel information.
Employees can change enrollment during an annual open season.
Employees can change their Pay Category any number of times during the day.
Employees can check leave balances, review their insurance options, and other personnel information.
Employees can choose between three medical plans and two dental plans.
Employees can choose between two business card designs.
Employees can choose contributions by full percentage points.
Employees can choose either member or non-member doctors.
Employees can choose flexible distribution options at no cost at retirement.
Employees can choose from a range of waiting periods.
Employees can choose from a variety of coverage amounts.
Employees can choose from among several investment options within each plan.
Employees can choose from an abundance of programs, projects, scholarships and agencies.
Employees can choose from hundreds of courses.
Employees can choose from many different types of plans.
Employees can choose from several different payment options.
Employees can choose from several investment funds for their contributions.
Employees can choose from several medical plans and can tailor coverages to fit their needs.
Employees can choose involvement in any of the three, or a combination.
Employees can choose male or female counsellors and in a predominant language of the region.
Employees can choose several levels of dependent coverage.
Employees can choose to invest in any of five funds, or to spread investments across the funds.
Employees can choose to pay by means of cash, check, or a payroll deduction.
Employees can choose to receive care from any provider.
Employees can choose to reduce their gross salaries by a specified amount.
Employees can choose what best suites their interests and skill set.
Employees can choose what job they'd like, coming in.
Employees can choose what they value most.
Employees can choose when how much they want to contribute to the pension.
Employees can choose which documents they want to present from the lists of acceptable documents.
Employees can claim individual batches at each stage of production.
Employees can clock on to any number of jobs during the day.
Employees can clock on to different pay categories during the day.
Employees can close the door when they desire a physical separation from the rest of the space.
Employees can collect money around the office and then shop for the items as a group.
Employees can combine their hours to earn money for a school.
Employees can compare estimates based on different retirement ages and spousal survivor benefits.
Employees can conduct meetings regardless of time or location and save travel time.
Employees can contact servicing personnel offices for additional or more detailed information.
Employees can contact the company and set up an account.
Employees can contact the human resources office to sign the video out.
Employees can contact their provider directly to request an emergency withdrawal packet.
Employees can contribute as of the first day of employment.
Employees can contribute in the form of cash, check or payroll deduction.
Employees can contribute through payroll deduction or make a one-time gift.
Employees can contribute to a tax-sheltered retirement plan annuity through payroll deduction.
Employees can conveniently access and manage their accounts daily via the phone or via the Web.
Employees can conveniently stretch next to their desk.
Employees can cope by being as careful about selecting employers as the other way around.
Employees can copy text, zoom, print, and download documents from the intranet.
Employees can cover dependents at additional cost.
Employees can cover their dependents at an additional premium.
Employees can cover their eligible dependents at an additional premium.
Employees can create a benefit combination tailored to their individual needs.
Employees can create a benefit mix which is tailored to individual needs.
Employees can create custom window treatments on site.
Employees can create travel advance requisitions for both domestic as well as foreign travel.
Employees can deactivate the motion sensors in their work areas but leave other areas armed.
Employees can deduct their own pre-tax income to pay any difference.
Employees can demonstrate by hair analysis that they have overcome their drug problems.
Employees can design the kind of carpool program that meets their individual needs.
Employees can designate different amounts to be deducted from their salary.
Employees can determine their current benefits by reviewing a list sent to their home address.
Employees can directly add, delete and modify their information.
Employees can discuss the schedule with management and work together to make any changes.
Employees can display toys they have at their desk that help relieve stress.
Employees can divvy up their contributions among several organizations.
Employees can do their jobs without having to open a half-dozen programs.
Employees can do things on their own if they are just given the chance.
Employees can donate any amount of accrued sick leave to the bank.
Employees can donate their vacation leave to the leave bank at any time.
Employees can download a free booklet on men's health.
Employees can drift along doing things the same old way.
Employees can earn bonuses based on increases in store brand purchases.
Employees can earn college credit for certain IDX courses.
Employees can earn money by making suggestions that result in a cost savings to the city.
Employees can earn up to four weeks of vacation time, based upon length of service.
Employees can easily access contact information for each other using Directory Server.
Employees can easily and securely enter their time by project, phase and operation.
Employees can easily conclude that maybe their company is stumbling.
Employees can easily spot favoritism.
Employees can either engage the companies at every turn or die on their knees.
Employees can elect any and all coverage for which they are eligible.
Employees can elect to contribute to either or both plans on a tax deferral basis.
Employees can elect to purchase short-term disability coverage.
Employees can e-mail documents to each other and customers, eliminating costly shipping charges.
Employees can e-mail or call the office for the new password.
Employees can end up with more than fair compensation.
Employees can enforce the law by filing a lawsuit in federal court.
Employees can enjoy the convenience of sharing a ride to work together in a friendly environment.
Employees can enroll by mail or by calling a toll-free number.
Employees can enroll in direct deposit of pay at any time.
Employees can enroll in health care, benefit plans, and company training.
Employees can enroll in interactive video training classes broadcast by satellite downlink.
Employees can enroll in the program immediately.
Employees can enroll on their date of hire.
Employees can enter the program through a self-referral or supervisory referral.
Employees can enter to win a set of four general admission tickets.
Employees can even find eye protection at the local hardware store or home center.
Employees can even give quick approval by digitally signing forms from within a Web browser.
Employees can even save the presentation to refer to it later.
Employees can even self-administer the simulation.
Employees can expect a different style as a result.
Employees can expect hot, hard work in a fast paced environment.
Employees can expect more retention bonuses.
Employees can expect their rights to be fully protected and grievances duly adjudicated.
Employees can expect to receive Statements each year about three months before their birthdays.
Employees can feel excluded.
Employees can feel like they are involved in the business.
Employees can file a petition if they are represented by a union but no longer wish to be.
Employees can fill in the forms, or save forms to their hard drives.
Employees can fill prescriptions at a pharmacy or using a home delivery program.
Employees can find housing in condominiums and apartments within sight of the industrial buildings.
Employees can find information about testing a desktop system for compliance.
Employees can find out for themselves who can utilize telework and why.
Employees can find out where to be active and submit suggestions for company involvement.
Employees can find personal benefits information, pay history, and more.
Employees can find themselves in trouble for the same thing.
Employees can find valuable information regarding personnel matters and ethics .
Employees can focus on customers, rather than their computer keyboard skills.
Employees can focus on operations instead of crises management.
Employees can focus on the job at hand.
Employees can function just like they are in the office, but without the headaches of commuting.
Employees can further tailor the site to their own specific travel needs.
Employees can gain secure access to their personnel information whenever they require.
Employees can gather their co-workers and friends to form a team.
Employees can generate e-mail to other state agencies and the Internet.
Employees can get assistance from trained counselors without iXL ever needing to know.
Employees can get free flu immunizations at the worksite, without an appointment.
Employees can get fresh options to replace old ones that lost their value.
Employees can get help finding and selecting child care providers or services for an elderly person.
Employees can get help from counseling centers and trauma teams.
Employees can get information quickly to prevent environmentally unsafe incidents from happening.
Employees can get together to hold aerobic exercise classes and then relax in the whirlpool.
Employees can get up and stretch occasionally to relieve muscular tension.
Employees can give priority to very urgent orders with little extra effort.
Employees can give tax-effectively direct from their pay to support their favourite causes.
Employees can go from application to in-force policy in one easy sequence.
Employees can go home and escape the watchful eyes of administrators.
Employees can go virtually anywhere in the building and be plugged in.
Employees can grab a cup of coffee and a pastry and sit down for a quiet meeting.
Employees can grab a cup of coffee or a soda and view the always changing art exhibits.
Employees can have a picture on the bio and submit job responsibilities.
Employees can have access to learning whenever it fits their busy schedule.
Employees can have access to needed data without learning to use a database application.
Employees can have multiple rates and get paid for multiple rates in a period.
Employees can have paychecks, travel reimbursements or other reimbursements deposited.
Employees can have the premiums deducted from their paychecks.
Employees can have their checks deposited at the financial institution of their choice.
Employees can have their pay deposited into one account or split among several accounts.
Employees can have their premiums automatically deducted from their paycheck.
Employees can have their questions answered quickly and accurately.
Employees can help by reviewing operative notes dictated by the doctor after the surgery.
Employees can help teachers through guest lectures and interesting classroom activities.
Employees can help themselves to booklets anytime with our acrylic booklet racks.
Employees can help through referrals.
Employees can help with a few positive suggestions to make the process easier.
Employees can highlight areas of a document as well as attach post-it notes to a file.
Employees can hit the Energy Zone for a cardio workout or a yoga class.
Employees can improve their own safety too.
Employees can inadvertently expose their family to take home lead.
Employees can increase or decrease their face amounts and premiums, subject to certain limitations.
Employees can increase the value of their retirement future-painlessly.
Employees can initiate runs, build test files, and print results, etc.
Employees can instead walk, bike, carpool, or take public transit to work.
Employees can interact from a mountaintop.
Employees can invest in any or a combination of five funds that represent various levels of risk.
Employees can invest in two new funds, making a total of five funds to choose from.
Employees can invest through convenient payroll deductions.
Employees can join on the first day of the month throughout their employment.
Employees can just hold the option and see how the company does without having to pay out any cash.
Employees can kayak at lunch.
Employees can keep earning.
Employees can keep the benefit even after leaving the federal government.
Employees can keep their skills honed by personalizing their view through the portal.
Employees can keep track of licensure renewals, expenses, and scheduling.
Employees can keep track of visits, telephone calls, meetings and correspondence.
Employees can know the whereabouts of co-workers at a glance of their screen.
Employees can later wash their hands with soap and water as soon as feasible.
Employees can learn new skills, update current skills or participate in cross-training programs.
Employees can learn on their own time in the convenience of their home.
Employees can learn their time and salary to date.
Employees can log on to the training site and begin learning immediately.
Employees can log on to their own workstations and study each course at their own pace.
Employees can log onto multiple jobs concurrently and track both their direct and indirect time.
Employees can loose the control of their corporation, or maybe never have it.
Employees can lose their jobs for unlawful sales to minors and visibly intoxicated persons.
Employees can make a general donation or direct their gift to a charity of their choice.
Employees can make a gift by convenient payroll deductions.
Employees can make changes in their records by phone or touch-screen computer.
Employees can make changes to their plans during the Open Season as needs change.
Employees can make complaints concerning safety and health problems without fear of retaliation.
Employees can make notes associated to their current clock-in and receive messages from supervisors.
Employees can make or break a business.
Employees can make or break a fast food experience.
Employees can make self referrals or ask for assistance through their manager or a colleague.
Employees can make voluntary superannuation contributions if they wish.
Employees can match or contribute any additional amount to assist their planning for retirement.
Employees can measure for themselves how they and their team are doing.
Employees can modify, proof and send business cards for printing in as little as five minutes.
Employees can monitor and exercise their stock options online.
Employees can monitor their blood pressure, back flexibility and lifestyle habits.
Employees can move further away without losing their jobs.
Employees can move on to the next level of training with identical basic knowledge.
Employees can move rapidly to well-paying jobs.
Employees can negotiate for whatever contract terms they desire through collective bargaining.
Employees can never become productive that an individual entrepreneur can.
Employees can no longer expect to do the same job until they retire.
Employees can no longer keep up with production demands.
Employees can now check email wherever there is an Internet connection.
Employees can now efficiently respond to customer inquiries.
Employees can now participate in live training events via their desktop computer.
Employees can now qualify for an unfair dismissal claim if they have worked for only ONE year.
Employees can now read about vulnerabilities, assessments and systems security plans.
Employees can now receive distribution at the date of termination, rather than waiting for one year.
Employees can now sign up online for direct electronic deposit.
Employees can now view and print current and recent statements from their computers.
Employees can obtain a certificate in either production or maintenance.
Employees can obtain any information they want, even about salaries.
Employees can obtain cost quotations.
Employees can obtain legal representation.
Employees can often choose among two or more health plans offered by an employer.
Employees can only borrow from vested money.
Employees can only make complaints if they know that video surveillance is being conducted.
Employees can only obtain access to database information through password protected means.
Employees can only view requests they submit.
Employees can open a declining balance account to be used at the dining facilities.
Employees can opt to add spouse or children to the plan at their own expense.
Employees can optionally view their total time worked.
Employees can order their groceries, gifts, etc.
Employees can own large amounts of term life insurance coverage for relatively low premiums.
Employees can participate after two years of service.
Employees can participate at the first enrollment period following their date of hire.
Employees can participate in a program to qualify front-line workers for management positions.
Employees can participate in any or all of the screenings.
Employees can participate in decision-making or provide feedback.
Employees can participate on the first of the month following a six-month waiting period.
Employees can pass, shoot and putt for fun and prizes at the sports area.
Employees can pay an increased premium for more services.
Employees can pay closer attention to their work, and productivity improves.
Employees can pay for benefits on a pre-tax basis, thus lowering their taxable income.
Employees can pay for child care of of pre-tax dollars.
Employees can pay for child care with untaxed earnings.
Employees can pay for the insurance through payroll deductions.
Employees can pay for their own upgrades or use mileage awards.
Employees can pay part or all of the cost.
Employees can periodically contribute information about their achievements.
Employees can pick up at the window or call and have mailed to their departmental address.
Employees can post resume and search for jobs.
Employees can practice what they learn, review skills and evaluate their progress.
Employees can present the program to their personnel department and corporate wellness directors.
Employees can print the information or send it to an e-mail address.
Employees can print their LES up to two days prior to payday.
Employees can produce mailing lists for land use actions and local improvement districts.
Employees can program their workday from the playlist.
Employees can provide most of the answers that planners seek, so listen and take notes.
Employees can pull the information on their PC workstation, input and manipulate the information.
Employees can purchase additional disability coverage at their own expense.
Employees can purchase additional insurance for themselves, spouse and children at low group rates.
Employees can purchase family coverage, which automatically covers newborn children.
Employees can purchase shares from and sell shares to the company at the set price.
Employees can purchases additional coverage at their discretion.
Employees can quickly clock in or out and review their past hourly histories.
Employees can quickly order products from the vendor using a browser.
Employees can quickly reserve rooms at any office location using a standard web browser.
Employees can raise a personal grievance if they believe their employer has acted unjustifiably.
Employees can raise concerns and make reports without fear of reprisal.
Employees can raise concerns and make reports without reprisal.
Employees can raise such concerns and make reports without fear of reprisals.
Employees can reach the office any time and the office can reach the employee any time.
Employees can reach their fullest potential and advance in their career.
Employees can receive additional compensation a couple of different ways.
Employees can receive additional options annually, based on their performance.
Employees can receive an employer matching contribution of up to three percent of their pay.
Employees can receive awards for meritorious suggestions that are adopted.
Employees can receive awards from up to ten percent of the first year estimated savings.
Employees can receive information on saving, investing and planning for retirement.
Employees can receive job-related training.
Employees can receive more take home income.
Employees can receive prompt and appropriate care and the cost of the claim can be impacted.
Employees can receive release time to attend.
Employees can receive their calls where they have a phone line.
Employees can receive treatment from the dentist of their choice.
Employees can recover wages, liquidated damages and attorneys' fees under the Delaware statute.
Employees can redeem certificates or even donate to charities in a virtual store.
Employees can redeem points for a variety of rewards.
Employees can redeem points for prizes offered in online malls.
Employees can reduce confusion and frustration by seeking answers rather than making assumptions.
Employees can register for a parking permit at any time.
Employees can register in their company's benefits plan without even picking up a pen.
Employees can register up to three vehicles.
Employees can reinstate previously waived medical coverage for themselves or their dependents.
Employees can relate to the accurate depiction of industrial environments.
Employees can request and see their total hours worked to date for the current pay period.
Employees can request any of the items free of charge.
Employees can request automatic alerts upon mail arrival.
Employees can request the vaccine later after signing the waiver.
Employees can reserve times to use the facilities through an on-line log.
Employees can reset account passwords on-line.
Employees can resist hints and innuendoes.
Employees can retrieve information relevant to their jobs more easily.
Employees can review all of their records and get help through an interactive web site.
Employees can review and update family status changes as well as beneficiary and dependent data.
Employees can review complete payroll history.
Employees can ride the shuttle to campus or walk, depending on their destination.
Employees can roller blade, walk or bike during the day.
Employees can rotate tasks every hour.
Employees can save on copayments.
Employees can search for jobs of interest by geographical or occupational criteria.
Employees can search for projects, clients, or accounts.
Employees can search the catalog, check out books, and receive overdue notices.
Employees can see a catalog of approved items and are subject to an authorization check.
Employees can see for themselves the impact of their work.
Employees can see how their input affects how the business performs.
Employees can see that our collective hard work and good results lead to stock price appreciation .
Employees can see the products they have made going into space.
Employees can seek an interim order for reinstatement pending the personal grievance hearing.
Employees can seek refunds.
Employees can select between five different plans.
Employees can select between three cost effective dental plans, with options for orthodontia.
Employees can select from many funds where to invest their contributions.
Employees can select from several medical plan options.
Employees can select health insurance from among many health insurance plans with varying coverage.
Employees can select meal plans or ala carte dining.
Employees can select their lodging while on official travel except under certain circumstances.
Employees can select their method of payment.
Employees can send out their own faxes right from their desktops with only a few key strokes.
Employees can send questions in advance.
Employees can set aside pre-tax dollars towards retirement.
Employees can set aside some pre-tax income to pay for transit or eligible vanpools.
Employees can set their own agents to watch out for information entering the knowledge centre.
Employees can set up a personal email folder in which they can keep their payroll E-stubs.
Employees can set up special accounts for certain expenses to be paid on a pretax basis.
Employees can set up their own personal pages and search current and archived news at once.
Employees can share a single phone line and still maintain separate, private mailboxes.
Employees can share files stored on the server.
Employees can share files while riding in a cab, or collaborating at a coffee shop.
Employees can share files, sales leads, even have virtual conferences online.
Employees can share in the benefits of employee sponsored improvements.
Employees can share names, but no one thought to make name a class, and thank goodness for that.
Employees can shop from the convenience of their home any time day or night.
Employees can sign a simple card and never worry about having done their part for the greater good.
Employees can sign one or both of our interest cards.
Employees can sign up for coverage on the website.
Employees can sign up for individual sessions at the meetings if they have any additional questions.
Employees can sign up for the topics that match their needs and interests.
Employees can sign up in their departments by the second day of the first full month employed.
Employees can sign up more than once for family members.
Employees can simplify that task with an add-on keyboard.
Employees can simply have their calls forwarded to a location or station that can handle the call.
Employees can simply help themselves .
Employees can sit or stand during the process.
Employees can stack quarter sheets beside their phones for note paper.
Employees can still access the new sites appearing every minute.
Employees can still pay for it themselves, too.
Employees can stock the brands they like in office refrigerators.
Employees can submit any question to be answered on the intranet.
Employees can submit applications for fall and intersession at the same time.
Employees can submit electronic timesheets using browser from anywhere in the world.
Employees can submit travel expense forms online.
Employees can suggest savings over a Web site.
Employees can supply progress reports through the use of networks and electronic mail.
Employees can support the United Way in many capacities.
Employees can t even touch the stock until their employment ceases.
Employees can t generate the same amount of business as a partner at a financial planning firm.
Employees can tailor their benefits options as they see fit.
Employees can tailor their investment portfolios to match individual objectives.
Employees can take a sick day.
Employees can take a vacation day or time without pay and students are excused from classes.
Employees can take advantage of an on-site childcare center.
Employees can take advantage of the plan only if their employer participates.
Employees can take classes through the computer.
Employees can take courses anywhere, any time, simply by going to the Internet.
Employees can take courses when they are ready rather than when the courses are available.
Employees can take distributions from the plan in cash when they retire or terminate employment.
Employees can take individual courses to improve their work skills or work towards MBAs.
Employees can take paid time off each month to work on approved projects.
Employees can take part in local activities.
Employees can take steps to reduce lighting, personal computers and appliances electricity use .
Employees can take the time unpaid or 'bank' funds through payroll deduction.
Employees can take the treetop view or explore information in more depth.
Employees can take up to three courses per term on a space available basis.
Employees can take up to two loans from their vested defined benefit plan account at any time.
Employees can telecommunicate full-time or just a few days a month.
Employees can telecommute full-time or just a few days a month.
Employees can test their ability before heading out into the work field.
Employees can test unknowing applicants for pregnancy and prescription medication.
Employees can then align their activities with value priorities.
Employees can then choose to make up the time that week, or take personal leave.
Employees can then elect to save more or choose riskier investments.
Employees can then make their own individual choices to meet the needs of their families.
Employees can then make up for the time by working late or putting in a few hours on the weekend.
Employees can then read the coursework online at their convenience.
Employees can then search for documents through a browser-based interface.
Employees can then take the courses from anywhere they have access to a computer and a Web browser.
Employees can then update the information online.
Employees can then use their credit hours in place of leave.
Employees can then vote for the chair they prefer.
Employees can train at anytime, without leaving their desk.
Employees can transfer among funds without a charge, even after retirement.
Employees can trust only a leader who is honest and fair.
Employees can update and review a lot of personal information by phone or computer.
Employees can update price lists or input business transactions.
Employees can upgrade to three more powerful computers at their own expense.
Employees can use a lot of time and personal energy at work conducting long distance research.
Employees can use a model to help explain what communication is.
Employees can use a sick day to care for a sick family member.
Employees can use activity information as inputs to a five step process to achieve excellence.
Employees can use browsers and their PC to gain access to the data.
Employees can use company services that track down sitters for elderly parents.
Employees can use confidential telephone numbers to request help or report wrongdoing.
Employees can use data mining to predict what types of checks to accept in certain situations.
Employees can use either company computers or their home computers .
Employees can use electronic signatures to enroll online.
Employees can use email systems and the Internet for private purposes.
Employees can use e-mail to request necessary library information.
Employees can use fixed shifts or flexi time.
Employees can use one of the listed agents if they wish, or enroll directly with Hancock.
Employees can use PTO as they choose, without distinguishing between sick or vacation days.
Employees can use the CPP to pay for tuition and other eligible education-related expenses.
Employees can use the loan to pay for tuition and education-related expenses.
Employees can use the servers as they are being backed up.
Employees can use the services at work or at home via the internet.
Employees can use the site to search and apply for appropriate positions from Maine to Florida.
Employees can use their sick leave to care for an ill child or parent.
Employees can use TigerPAWS to check leave balances and view position descriptions.
Employees can usually quit at any time.
Employees can view only their own records and edit non-critical information.
Employees can view or print drawings.
Employees can view OR print their pay stubs through our highly secured, password-protected web site.
Employees can view the company as the public does through our external site.
Employees can view the conference room bookings by date or by conference room name.
Employees can view the status of a conference room at any point of time.
Employees can view the status of their requisitions at each stage of the workflow.
Employees can view their daily, weekly and monthly schedules.
Employees can view their health insurance provider network directories online.
Employees can view their time card to verify infomation.
Employees can view, search and print charts using their web browsers.
Employees can visit their kids during the day at the on site day care centers.
Employees can visit virtually any company's Web site to find out what benefits they're offering.
Employees can volunteer one day a year for the charity of their choice and get paid for it.
Employees can vote from their cubical.
Employees can waste a great deal of time nurturing and participating in the informal structure.
Employees can waste time on inappropriate of objectionable Web sites.
Employees can watch their money grow with state of the art Internet access to their accounts.
Employees can wear what they think suits their personality, allegiances and busy lifestyles.
Employees can withdraw from their account for special purposes.
Employees can withdraw the funds as fast as they are put into the account.
Employees can work all or a portion of the notice period.
Employees can work and live close to their families and their ancestral homes.
Employees can work at home and send information via their computers to work.
Employees can work at their own pace and can post questions and comments during the course.
Employees can work equally well from any workstation on the network.
Employees can work faster with stable systems.
Employees can work from home and have flex hours at the office.
Employees can work from home, in the office, or both.
Employees can work from home, or reply to queries when out of the office.
Employees can work in multiple cost centers.
Employees can work in numerous compensation classifications in a given pay period.
Employees can work in the fields of science, the arts, education, business or athletics.
Employees can work independently at their desks or in a learning center.
Employees can work more quickly and focus their attention on more strategic tasks.
Employees can work on the tasks of more than one line-item and more than one order.
Employees can work when they want.
Employees can work, for example, as baggers in the summer and drivers in the winter.
Employees can write personal letters or run businesses from their employer's computers.
Employees can, therefore, apply their skills and develop to their fullest potential.
Employees care about good pay and benefit packages.
Employees care about their work and how it fits into their lives.
Employees care more about being trained than other issues.
Employees carry on conversations during the day in the language in which they feel comfortable.
Employees certainly feel more in charge of their career now than in the past.
Employees certainly have some influence on management.
Employees certify as to their availability to work every two weeks.
Employees change rapidly, moving around for greater opportunity.
Employees changing pay cycles require additional attention.
Employees channel romantic energy into work tasks.
Employees check that the correct amount of money is in the cash register.
Employees choose a tag and buy the gift.
Employees choose among several funds to make their contributions.
Employees choose from a number of investment options.
Employees choose from a wide variety of shirt and pant styles.
Employees choose from five different funds to create their investment mix.
Employees choose how much to contribute.
Employees choose the one they want, paying more for more expensive plans.
Employees choose the options which best meet their personal benefit needs.
Employees choose the services that fit their individual needs.
Employees choose their doctor or hospital.
Employees choose their level of coverage based on personal and family needs.
Employees choose their own benefits.
Employees choose their own vanpool driver and backups.
Employees choose their representatives who meet with elected officials' representatives.
Employees choose waiting period desired.
Employees choose where and how to volunteer and do so in their individual capacity.
Employees choose whether they wish to apply for the vacancy.
Employees choose words that are too easy to guess.
Employees claim sexual harassment, discrimination, etc.
Employees claiming reimbursement are responsible for maintaining a travel log.
Employees clamor for information.
Employees Click now to send relief.
Employees clock in and out at the terminal as usual.
Employees clock in and out marking the beginning and end of shift.
Employees clock in and out with credit card-style badges or use personal PIN entry numbers.
Employees clock in on their individual computers, updating a punch file on the network server.
Employees collaborate rather than compete.
Employees collect data and use science to improve customer value.
Employees collect pledges for the right to take the plunge.
Employees collectively own nearly one-fifth of the company.
Employees come and go because there's always an opportunity somewhere else.
Employees come and go but owners seem to stay around a little longer.
Employees come and go.
Employees come in all shapes and sizes with all sorts of different skills and quirks.
Employees come to question the credibility of management and the focus of the company.
Employees come to the bargaining table with proposals.
Employees come to the Internet knowing what to expect and how to navigate it.
Employees come together.
Employees come, employees go.
Employees coming from outside of the Netherlands have to meet specific requirements.
Employees comment on an improved balance between their home and work life.
Employees commit themselves to the company, doing what it takes to achieve set goals.
Employees communicate directly with the carrier in regards to premiums and claims.
Employees communicate via two-way radios with field personnel, such as security guards.
Employees compare the rhetoric about new ways of doing things with what they see.
Employees compete on a unit, district and regional basis for recognition as the top selling server.
Employees competing for promotion are subject to the evaluation methods outlined above.
Employees complain of being burned out.
Employees complain of circumstances.
Employees complain of suspicious circumstances.
Employees complain that their activities overlap.
Employees complain that their work is increasingly hamstrung by a static budget.
Employees complain that they're reporting to more than one boss, or supervisor.
Employees complete an instrument composed of sets of attribute statements.
Employees complete the booklets at their own pace at home or work.
Employees Comply with the restrictions and limitations of the program.
Employees Comply with the smoking policy.
Employees concentrate on improving efficiency and overall quality as a team.
Employees concentrate on what's within their control, rather than what's beyond their control.
Employees conduct independent field activities but require guidance and direction.
Employees consent to annual, as well as random, drug tests.
Employees consider a wide range of charitable giving choices and appreciate the opportunity to give.
Employees consider such things as recognition and respect from their employer very highly.
Employees Consider the benefits of planned life-long learning.
Employees consistently acting out can be a conduit to making others feel isolated and disconnected.
Employees consult and participate in the program without fear of disciplinary action.
Employees consult with a masters-level clinician who has a background in gerontology.
Employees consume product against company policy.
Employees contact experts.
Employees contact fingerprint experts.
Employees continually find themselves falling further and further behind financially.
Employees continue their education by taking classes from other institutions via videoconferencing.
Employees continue to accrue sick and vacation leave, and state service while in pay status.
Employees continue to be incumbents of the positions from which detailed.
Employees continue to be very satisfied with the process.
Employees continue to earn annual and sick leave on a full-time basis.
Employees continue to pay their share of the cost of health coverage.
Employees continue to receive check stubs indicating monthly pay deductions.
Employees continue to receive health and dental benefits when on leave.
Employees contribute a minimal payroll deduction.
Employees contribute a percentage of the gross salary each pay period.
Employees contribute a percentage of the total premium based on their level of participation.
Employees contribute a pre-tax amount to the system.
Employees contribute a small amount to the cost of insurance for their dependents.
Employees contribute five percent of total wages.
Employees contribute pretax dollars to an investment until they retire or leave the company.
Employees contribute to the cost of their medical and dental coverages via a pre-tax premium.
Employees contribute to unsafe working conditions if they try to bypass press guards and interlocks.
Employees control and direct the investments in their IRAs.
Employees control conventional door alarms.
Employees control how the assets are allocated among different types of investments.
Employees cook their own meals.
Employees cooperate and actively work to make each other successful.
Employees copy software for their own convenience.
Employees copy their evaluations to disks which are then anonymously returned for compilation.
Employees cost an organization more than their gross wages.
Employees cost money.
Employees count to verify containers in stock and quantities within each container .
Employees create and implement the value proposition of the business.
Employees create career development goals.
Employees create conditions.
Employees create goals.
Employees create more realistic goals.
Employees create realistic goals.
Employees create unsafe conditions.
Employees create value by applying their skills, exerting their knowledge and initiating new ideas.
Employees currently can take leave in increments as short as one hour.
Employees currently hand carry or use interoffice mail to requisition purchases.
Employees currently park at a site on Harbor Island.
Employees currently tie gift gourmet packages by hand, which can result in carpal tunnel syndrome.
Employees currently work from their homes, and travel to the work sites as needed.
Employees deal with customers.
Employees deal with problems.
Employees decide when to begin receiving specified monthly pension payments after they retire.
Employees decide whether to enroll in the plans offered.
Employees defer current taxes on their contributions to the program.
Employees defer extra service compensation per program guidelines.
Employees Define emergency functions and make specific assignments, with backups.
Employees define job satisfaction very differently today than ever before.
Employees deliver better when they're treated as people.
Employees deliver services to citizens.
Employees deliver the services that turn the organization's mission and goals into reality.
Employees demand a safe working environment, fair compensation, and honest communication.
Employees demand that their paychecks be correct down to the penny.
Employees demand that their worth is recognized.
Employees demand timely, accurate account balances.
Employees democratically determine their own negotiation priorities.
Employees demonstrate a passion for learning and are dedicated to the future of the Island business.
Employees depend on e-mail for document sharing, scheduling and communication.
Employees deserve a living wage and safe working conditions.
Employees deserve and expect the same caring service that is given to the external customers.
Employees deserve more than one high-cost choice.
Employees deserve some type of formal recognition once they have completed a training program.
Employees deserve to have a better understanding of their personal finances.
Employees deserve to know how they are being affected.
Employees deserve to share in the company's success.
Employees desire and appreciate respectful and dignified treatment.
Employees desire raises.
Employees determine how much money they want taken out of their check on a pre-tax basis.
Employees determine the program content, based on their needs and interests.
Employees determine the very nature of the products that can be offered by the corporation.
Employees determine their level of participation and select the investment vehicles.
Employees develop a sense of ownership and establish a stake in the firm's health and performance.
Employees develop and establish methods and procedures.
Employees develop benchmarks, participate in decision-making and much more.
Employees develop confidence and leadership skills as they work with and mentor students.
Employees develop stress resiliency, which leads to healthier lifestyles.
Employees develop their own action plans, for how they are going to support the goals.
Employees differ greatly from one to the next.
Employees direct how the money is invested in the available funds.
Employees direct, supervise, plan, review and evaluate the work of subordinates.
Employees discover how to employ active listening skills with customers.
Employees discover how to make individual changes in position or technique to work smarter.
Employees discover new resources and care alternatives within minutes.
Employees discuss how family leave policies promote productivity.
Employees discuss their plans and it can boost employee morale and loyalty.
Employees display an attitude of doing things right the first time.
Employees distribute hats, horns, and whistles, and serve sodas and champagne in plastic flutes.
Employees do care what happens to their valued co-workers.
Employees do change jobs more than in the past.
Employees do Every employee is a valuable asset.
Employees do good jobs.
Employees do have a right to receive the information on their individual tests.
Employees do have recourse against employers who violate their rights.
Employees do have some recouse if their corporations have granted certain privacy right.
Employees do jobs.
Employees do make mistakes.
Employees do receive an annual salary increase upon board approval.
Employees do respond to residences to handle to complaints.
Employees do the work.
Employees do their volunteering on their own time.
Employees doing so are subject to prosecution under Penal Code provisions.
Employees don t even have medical benefits for their kids.
Employees don t just show up and start fighting fires as they come up.
Employees don t leave their personal problems at home when they come to work.
Employees don t really care about rewards for attendance.
Employees don t trust the consultants.
Employees donate a fraction of their salaries for social contribution activities.
Employees donate billions to charity through the office each year.
Employees donate their day's pay, and the company matches the donations.
Employees donate their time, talents and expertise as a community service.
Employees dread poorly done evaluations and evaluation interviews.
Employees dress casual to provide a more approachable feel for the customers.
Employees dress casually and keep a nice outfit stashed away in case a big client comes to visit.
Employees dress, speak and act as the early pilgrims.
Employees drive the process by developing a rough RIO draft.
Employees earn a paid sick day for every month they work.
Employees earn a retirement plan benefit in a cash balance account.
Employees earn and accrue vacation on a semi-monthly basis.
Employees earn and accumulate personal leave upon completion of one month of continuous service.
Employees earn annual leave as a part of their total compensation.
Employees earn competitive wages and are given an excellent benefits package.
Employees earn incentive awards based on the number of hours safely worked.
Employees earn leave for each full pay period during which they are employed in a leave year.
Employees earn major medical leave credit for each month of service.
Employees earn one day of sick leave each month.
Employees earn only sick and annual leave and continue to receive service credit.
Employees earn paid leave as follows.
Employees earn paid vacation time for the hours they actually work, excluding any overtime hours.
Employees earn points for their progress, in order to reach a preset point goal.
Employees earn points that are later redeemable for merchandise through a gift catalog.
Employees earn PTO hours for each hour they work.
Employees earn seven days of annual leave for the first year of service.
Employees earn sick and vacation leave.
Employees earn sick leave at the rate of one day per month.
Employees earn the opportunity to win cash if they complete the month injury free.
Employees earn two units college credit for the course.
Employees earn up to ten days vacation during their first year.
Employees earn vacation after six months of employment.
Employees earn vacation leave on a monthly accrual basis based on length of service.
Employees earn wages and wages costs money.
Employees easily integrate assistive technology to perform their jobs efficiently and effectively.
Employees eat free lunch together, everyone is on a first-name basis and dress is casual.
Employees eat lunch at outdoor tables.
Employees eat meals at their work site while performing their duties.
Employees elect the level of coverage and individual to insure.
Employees elect to have a percentage of their pay deducted from their paycheck into a fund.
Employees elect to participate and specify the amount of their contribution during open enrollment.
Employees elect to set aside a portion of each paycheck to pay for qualified expenses.
Employees encounter occupational risks everyday.
Employees encounter severe hardship waiting to be placed in payment status.
Employees encourage potential buyers to play with the puppies.
Employees end up paying tax when they exercise stock options.
Employees engage in activities.
Employees engage in contract work involving packaging, assembly, collating and silk screen printing.
Employees engage in contract work involving packaging, assembly, collating and silkscreen printing.
Employees enjoy a competitive and comprehensive compensation and benefits package.
Employees enjoy a competitive package of salary and benefits.
Employees enjoy a complimentary meal each workday.
Employees enjoy a flexible work schedule and have access to public transportation.
Employees enjoy a full health plan, competitive salaries, and more.
Employees enjoy a good working environment.
Employees enjoy a more flexible work schedule and avoid the daily frustration of a harried commute.
Employees enjoy a professional work environent with a relaxed atmosphere.
Employees enjoy a simpler process that helps provide prompt payments.
Employees enjoy a team oriented workplace, with a friendly atmosphere.
Employees enjoy a variety of social activities and recreational facilities.
Employees enjoy a week of scavenger hunts, ice skating parties, games and prizes.
Employees enjoy a wide range of benefits and incentives.
Employees enjoy all the benefits of a fitness program at a fraction of the cost.
Employees enjoy benefits of consulting without losing the benefits of permanent employment.
Employees enjoy casual dress and the benefits of flextime with telecommuting opportunities.
Employees enjoy competitive salaries and benefits.
Employees enjoy excellent hours of operation.
Employees enjoy FREE skiing and snowboarding privileges.
Employees enjoy higher levels of morale.
Employees enjoy highly competitive base pay and receive periodic salary reviews.
Employees enjoy incentives in which they can brag about to family, friends or co-workers.
Employees enjoy job and therefore have great production outcome.
Employees enjoy more satisfaction and less stress.
Employees enjoy offices customized to their liking.
Employees enjoy personal health benefits.
Employees enjoy some pampering.
Employees enjoy tax-free money towards their commute on the train, bus, subway, or van.
Employees enjoy the autonomy of flexible working arrangements.
Employees enjoy the convenience of funding their account through payroll deduction.
Employees enjoy the convenience of paying modest plan premiums through automatic payroll deduction.
Employees enjoy the woodland views from the dining areas.
Employees enjoy two paid days-off.
Employees enjoy working for the company, and it shows in their good humor and camaraderie.
Employees enjoy working in a safe and healthy environment.
Employees enjoy working there and the plant is a good neighbor.
Employees enroll in their core benefits, and then they're done with it.
Employees enter actual clock times in a day planner format.
Employees enter data themselves.
Employees enter information about themselves and their dependents and select their benefits options.
Employees enter the plan the first day they report to work.
Employees enter their suggestions from within Lotus Notes.
Employees enter their travel expenses through their Web browser.
Employees enter time worked against activities directly into their timecard.
Employees estimates time and materials and manages time efficiently.
Employees evaluate their bosses twice a year.
Employees even buy and sell vacation time.
Employees even have access to an agenda template for ease of use and consistency.
Employees everywhere have union rights.
Employees exchange instant messages.
Employees exchange project reports, time sheets, and specific questions about projects online.
Employees exchange their labor and ideas for monetary compensation in the form of wages or bonuses.
Employees exercise considerable independent judgment.
Employees exercise full supervision of psychologists and other staff.
Employees expect a regular wage slip.
Employees expect comprehensive benefits through their employer.
Employees expect it.
Employees expect more.
Employees expect their bosses to follow through on promises made.
Employees expect their checks to be deposited on time and with proper amounts in all areas.
Employees expect to be valued and treated with respect.
Employees expect to receive guidance on basic business conduct.
Employees expect to work in a more diverse environment.
Employees experience a sharp decline early on in their careers.
Employees experience a variety of simulated disabilities.
Employees experience disruption in sleep patterns as a result of rotating shifts.
Employees experience events.
Employees express an intense interest in the value of fair treatment.
Employees express their ideas because they know they are heard .
Employees face a host of problems in their daily lives.
Employees face harsh penalties for breaking their oath or the law.
Employees face harsh penalties for violating the law or their oaths.
Employees face higher co-pays and deductibles.
Employees face lower wages and shabby offices, but social- crusade jobs can be gratifying.
Employees face the same challenge.
Employees fall back on accrued sick leave, then go on disability.
Employees fall into a competency trap as a result of the firm's past success.
Employees fall into the trap of thinking the Internet is anonymous.
Employees fear repercussions if they make time for a life outside work.
Employees fear the ax.
Employees fear the worse when their company is being sold, so communication is critical.
Employees fear their superiors because they see only the role of the supervisor.
Employees fear they are planning massive layoffs or worse.
Employees feature prominently.
Employees feel a great sense of loyalty and responsibility to the company.
Employees feel a greater sense of accomplishment.
Employees feel a stronger sense of ownership when they actually have ownership.
Employees feel adequately trained.
Employees feel empowered and feel they can control their own destiny.
Employees feel empowered and nurtured.
Employees feel free to go to anyone in the organization for advice and assistance.
Employees feel free to speak up and more is done and accomplished.
Employees feel good about their work and themselves.
Employees feel great stature among their peers.
Employees feel guilty and at times feel the resentment of colleagues.
Employees feel important when they feel noticed.
Employees feel indentured to the sector which is in control of their pension plan.
Employees feel less loyal to a company, companies feel less loyal to an employee.
Employees feel less pressure to commit misconduct and are more satisfied with their organizations.
Employees feel like they are part of the team and rediscover their ability to make a difference.
Employees feel like they have received something each year and they understand what it is.
Employees feel more secure in their environment.
Employees feel patronized and belittled.
Employees feel powerless, question their roles within the organisation, and sometimes get depressed.
Employees feel powerless, question their roles within the organization, and sometimes get depressed.
Employees feel proud when they learn about corporate achievements and success stories.
Employees feel proud when they see their own mentioned in the same light as other industry leaders.
Employees feel safe working in the organization.
Employees feel security is taken seriously.
Employees feel that they are contributing to the vitality of the enterprise.
Employees feel that they work in pleasant surroundings.
Employees feel that they're being demeaned.
Employees feel there is no legitimate outcome for their needs or wants.
Employees feel they are involved in an exciting enterprise.
Employees feel they can grow in professional competence.
Employees feel they have more control of their work, which increases motivation.
Employees feel they have the decision making authority needed to do their jobs effectively.
Employees feel threatened and insecure, wondering if they're next.
Employees feel threatened in some way by management or other employees.
Employees feel unsafe.
Employees feel valued and are more efficient when they can perform more job functions.
Employees feel valued and employers get to enjoy the maximum of their potential.
Employees feel valued and know the rules and regulations.
Employees feel very comfortable calling up the customer service team, and they get quick responses.
Employees feeling a part of the business requires communication.
Employees fight back against firings based on their online activities.
Employees figure out very quickly what happens if they speak the truth.
Employees file electronic maintenance requests that are tracked until the problem is resolved.
Employees fill out a confidential health history and provide a personal profile.
Employees fill out a request form and submit it for approval.
Employees fill out an online form that is then matched to online company credit card statements.
Employees fill up choice forms.
Employees film each customer and then conduct an extensive interview.
Employees finally divorce the organization physically, leaving for perceived greener pastures.
Employees find it difficult to stay after work hours for training.
Employees find it easier to absorb information from paper as opposed to electronic copy.
Employees find it easier to promote their expertise and access that of others.
Employees find it easy to use and enjoy the flexibility and control it provides.
Employees find shut-down costlier by that amount.
Employees find themselves needlessly driving the vehicles.
Employees find they have more time for their personal lives.
Employees find working for the City of Miami Beach both challenging and rewarding.
Employees first scan into a time and attendance system.
Employees focus more on tasks than the time of day.
Employees follow a designated route and receive specific work instructions for unusual assignments.
Employees Follow all health and safety procedures and rules.
Employees follow performance.
Employees forget to follow the protocol.
Employees form teams, and each team is assigned a child.
Employees form trade unions.
Employees form unions by creating bargaining units.
Employees form unions.
Employees formulate eligibility policies and procedures and engage in staff training.
Employees fuel city vehicles with propane to reduce ozone pollution and save money.
Employees fund the accounts via a payroll deduction each pay period.
Employees gain better information, learning and retraining opportunities, higher skilled jobs.
Employees gain entry to their retirement benefit information and the report card via the Internet.
Employees gain expanded career opportunities in a larger company.
Employees gain experience.
Employees gain instant access to matching news headlines when they click the link.
Employees gain practical experience working in a demanding and exciting global company.
Employees gain security by building critical skills.
Employees gain the career opportunities associated with a larger defense company.
Employees gain valuable insight on how to identify and assist any disabled patrons.
Employees gather for their annual awards ceremony.
Employees generally bear the investment risk.
Employees generally can accomplish goals despite organizational structures imposed by management.
Employees generally do three things with net income.
Employees generally don t have stock options as soon as they are hired.
Employees generally exclude the benefits from gross income.
Employees generally get three chances to pass, and most employees work hard to do well.
Employees generally have an initial eligibility period for enrollment in most group insurance plans.
Employees generally have little to no privacy protection at work.
Employees generally have ongoing rela- tionships with their employers.
Employees generally ignore investment options that are even a little out of the mainstream.
Employees generally query replicated data stored in their own branch server.
Employees generally receive no direct profit or loss from work performed, while contractors do.
Employees generally represent themselves and departments do likewise.
Employees generally show pride in themselves and in their work.
Employees generously contribute to each other and the knowledge base.
Employees get a chance to put their own ideas into practice instead of just doing their normal job.
Employees get a clear understanding of concepts and procedures.
Employees get a head start - and employers know exactly what they can expect from their team.
Employees get a higher salary when they work on more projects.
Employees get a minimum of three weeks annual holidays after each year of employment.
Employees get a one-hour unpaid meal break if they work a shift of five hours or longer.
Employees get a share of the savings in the form of idea bonuses.
Employees get an hourly wage, and that's it.
Employees get an on - going pilot training program with computer simulators.
Employees get anxious about business sales and their role with the new owner.
Employees get between four and six weeks annual paid vacation.
Employees get bonuses for winning new work from existing customers.
Employees get discounts without leaving their desks.
Employees get dividends on their shares and bonuses paid out three times a year.
Employees get feedback.
Employees get frustrated and confused - and investors monitor their actions closely.
Employees get increased food-safety training.
Employees get input.
Employees get money back faster and are satisfied with the plan.
Employees get more for which the employer pays less than a comparable amount of salary or bonus.
Employees get raises but no reviews, or get positive evaluation but are laid off afterward.
Employees get sick, take vacations, become disabled, retire, etc.
Employees get the benefit amount tax-free.
Employees get the blame.
Employees get the chance to develop new skills.
Employees get the largest increases in their salaries when they move from one company to another.
Employees get their strength and comfort from knowing the founder is there.
Employees get things done quickly, have fun, move fast, and work together.
Employees get timely information conveniently, with no lost time.
Employees get tired of working the promotion and soon start losing enthusiasm.
Employees get to know each other across departmental boundaries and organizational levels.
Employees get to know one another by interacting in informal settings.
Employees get to see their ideas implemented and often their name in print.
Employees get to show off their creative talents on the walls of their work place.
Employees get to spin for bonuses, extra days-off, and other perks.
Employees get upset.
Employees give up some of their privacy at their place of work.
Employees go in the wrong direction for days or weeks before they are put back on course.
Employees go out of their way to make the care experience better for patients and families.
Employees go through chemical safety training twice a year.
Employees go through cycles on the job.
Employees go through rolls of foil, plastic, and paper for wrapping.
Employees go to our website to reserve a car.
Employees go to the top floor to find the cafeteria and outdoor dining.
Employees go to work in buildings located in specific communities.
Employees going to the shoemobile can do so on work time with supervisory approval.
Employees goof off added.
Employees greet each other by name to create a friendly atmosphere.
Employees grow in their personal and professional lives because they feel they are being supported.
Employees grow more obstinate when put back to work under a court decree.
Employees hand out free, thick slices of the store's bread, which is made on site.
Employees handle responsible research assignments unassisted and in an independent manner.
Employees hate it when they see talented colleagues leave.
Employees hate performance management and appraisal with what approaches a passion.
Employees hate phonies and can spot one a mile way.
Employees hate systems in which only a few get top ratings.
Employees hate to be wrong.
Employees have (part) arms.
Employees have (part) body substances.
Employees have (part) cell membranes.
Employees have (part) cells.
Employees have (part) corpi.
Employees have (part) cytoplasm.
Employees have (part) heads.
Employees have (part) human bodies.
Employees have (part) legs.
Employees have (part) material bodies.
Employees have (part) necks.
Employees have (part) nuclei.
Employees have (part) personality.
Employees have (part) plasma membranes.
Employees have (part) sections.
Employees have (part) vacuoles.
Employees have a basic right to be free from constant surveillance.
Employees have a better chance of being successful when they know the goals.
Employees have a better chance of recovery from drug and alcohol problems if they are still working.
Employees have a big impact of the customers perception of customer service.
Employees have a chance to win a gift certificate for a local restaurant or movie passes.
Employees have a choice as to whether to enroll or maintain their traditional system.
Employees have a choice of dentists.
Employees have a clear, shared vision of the organization's goals and values.
Employees have a complementary duty to protect themselves and others from hazards.
Employees have a difficult burden of proving their employer's negligence.
Employees have a duty to exercise reasonable skill and care to prevent injury.
Employees have a duty to inform themselves of any laws relevant to their particular activities.
Employees have a duty to take reasonable care of their own safety and health at work.
Employees have a fairly wide selection of health plans to choose from.
Employees have a generous benefits package that includes paid health and life insurance.
Employees have a large parking area.
Employees have a legitimate interest in bargaining over their work loads.
Employees have a lot of input.
Employees have a lot of protection.
Employees have a myriad of priorities competing for their time and attention.
Employees have a responsibility for safeguarding their data.
Employees have a responsibility to challenge management.
Employees have a right to be treated with dignity and respect.
Employees have a right to expect their employer to eliminate harassment in the workplace.
Employees have a right to flexible work arrangements.
Employees have a right to work in an environment free of harassment and discrimination.
Employees have a say in how things are done.
Employees have a six month probationary period with a mid-term appraisal after three months.
Employees have a special legal status.
Employees have a strong voice in shaping their work environment.
Employees have a variety of choices.
Employees have a very low turnover rate.
Employees have a wide range of investment choices ranging from conservative to aggressive.
Employees have a wide range of investment options to choose from.
Employees have access to a food court, a concierge, various stores, and a fitness center.
Employees have access to a free health club and complimentary vacation travel.
Employees have access to a variety of software applications.
Employees have access to a wide variety and life insurance plans.
Employees have access to a wide variety of specialists in the greater Philadelphia area.
Employees have access to all of the library services available on campus.
Employees have access to any doctor they want.
Employees have access to confidential assessment and referrals to treatment professionals.
Employees have access to customer information for reasonable business purposes only.
Employees have access to information on jobs, conferences, and workshops.
Employees have access to many garages and to public transportation.
Employees have access to the doctors they want for most types of medical care.
Employees have access to the facilities for hobbies, including sports, reading, and board games.
Employees have access to the right business tools for their jobs.
Employees have adequate computer resources.
Employees have adequate resources to do their job.
Employees have administrators.
Employees have an additional commuting option and arrive to work on time, relaxed and ready to work.
Employees have an easy time understanding the plan.
Employees have an easy way to pay transit fare without cash.
Employees have an interest in ethics, but a different view from the corporation.
Employees have an obligation to be frank with their employer.
Employees have an obligation to cooperate in the investigation of any such complaint.
Employees have an obligation to follow safety procedures and to use safety equipment.
Employees have an opportunity to increase awareness, ask questions, or seek referra information.
Employees have an opportunity to make large, visible impacts on productivity in a short time frame.
Employees have an opportunity to participate in the process of strategic planning and goal setting.
Employees have an option to print the requirement checklist.
Employees have an unrealistic expectation.
Employees have appendices.
Employees have at least one year experience in providing care to the elder community.
Employees have better morale and are more productive.
Employees have cell phones.
Employees have certain reinstatement rights upon completing military service.
Employees have clear steps with related compensation levels.
Employees have complete freedom of choice in their selection of an eye care provider.
Employees have contact with the public or frequently do business over the telephone.
Employees have credentials, gained from particular institutions over time.
Employees have different HR needs at different life cycle stages.
Employees have different investment fund options in which to direct contributions.
Employees have different personal needs and goals that they're trying to satisfy through their job.
Employees have different responses to the physical workplace based on their age and income.
Employees have direct access to customers' homes and businesses.
Employees have direct access to the system and support a variety of applications independently.
Employees have direct contact with the customers.
Employees have direct control over many aspects of their benefits.
Employees have diverse backgrounds to provide a wide range of expertise.
Employees have educational benefits until retirement.
Employees have exposure.
Employees have fast access to the most recent policies and procedures.
Employees have faster access to applications, company databases, and the Internet.
Employees have first opportunity to enroll.
Employees have five days from the date of the recall notice to return the item.
Employees have flexible work schedules and benefits.
Employees have free rein to please customers without worrying about making mistakes.
Employees have freedom of personal association.
Employees have frequent and forceful pinch grips and muscle exertions while in awkward postures.
Employees have full freedom to affix bumper stickers to their personal motor vehicles.
Employees have full insurance in case of accidents and are responsible for their own activities.
Employees have full voting rights and representation on the company's board.
Employees have fun.
Employees have goals.
Employees have immediate access to the latest information.
Employees have immediate vesting rights to the retirement contributions.
Employees have individual responsibilities to be proficient in their job.
Employees have issues.
Employees have lattitude to exercise their own creativity and good judgment.
Employees have less freedom to seek out personal business opportunities.
Employees have limited coverage when using their own private vehicles for government travel.
Employees have little incentive to change their behaviour.
Employees have little incentive to self-ration the care they get.
Employees have little opportunity to make suggestions.
Employees have lives.
Employees have mirrors in their cubicles so they can see if they are smiling.
Employees have more choices than ever before.
Employees have more flexibility and control than with conventional health and dental plans.
Employees have more flexibility.
Employees have more time for their jobs, with less time and money spent making return phone calls.
Employees have much to gain financially as well.
Employees have multiple forums for data research and immediate access to diverse perspectives.
Employees have no expectation of privacy in their use of school computers.
Employees have no legal right to continuation of college incentive pay in future years.
Employees have no monopoly on frivolous game-playing.
Employees have no right to insist on paid administrative leave.
Employees have no right to privacy with regard to e-mail.
Employees have no right to privacy with regard to Internet use.
Employees have no right to sue.
Employees have no rights against employers.
Employees have no rights.
Employees have nothing of value to say.
Employees have numerous options to learn more about the performance-management process.
Employees have one last org entered on their employee record.
Employees have on-line access to their accounts.
Employees have opportunities for development with the city.
Employees have opportunity.
Employees have password-protected voice mailboxes.
Employees have periodic contact with police to obtain information and respond to inquiries.
Employees have periods of less than ideal performance for a variety of reasons.
Employees have personal problems a divorce, a serious illness, a home fire.
Employees have phones.
Employees have piece of mind knowing that, if they get sick, they can receive care.
Employees have primary responsibility for appropriate job skills.
Employees have proper identification helping to save time and reduce accidents.
Employees have protection in terms of existing labour legislation.
Employees have questions about their jobs.
Employees have quick answers to benefit information.
Employees have ready ac- cess to the most recent information on alcohol and other drugs.
Employees have real input and choice, whenever possible into their consulting assignments.
Employees have realistic goals.
Employees have realistic job goals.
Employees have regular contact with attorneys to discuss client rights, needs, and services.
Employees have regular contact with freight and transport companies regarding delivery of goods.
Employees have regular contact with people who deliver supplies and equipment to the warehouse.
Employees have resources for taking care of themselves.
Employees have rights as well.
Employees have rights, as do employers, that are guaranteed by law.
Employees have rights.
Employees have roles.
Employees have salaries, positions, sell products, etc.
Employees have services.
Employees have several vehicles to present their safety concerns to management.
Employees have slight deviation of the wrist while rotating the forearm during cutting tasks.
Employees have some extended and elevated reaches to access materials.
Employees have some flexibility with schedules.
Employees have some options as to the allocation of their pay.
Employees have space for comments after the overall rating.
Employees have spouses with jobs and kids in school.
Employees have the ability to change their personal work-related information via the web.
Employees have the authority to take necessary actions to improve safety and eliminate hazards.
Employees have the chance to regularly discuss the ergonomics program and their concerns.
Employees have the choice of making their elections by using the Internet or a touch-tone phone.
Employees have the choice of which provider they want coverage from.
Employees have the first opportunity at new positions as they become available.
Employees have the flexibility to work around their jobs and schedules.
Employees have the hands-on experience and see the direct results of production methods.
Employees have the legal right to help organize, to join and support the union.
Employees have the moral courage to make the tough decisions and do what is right for the nation.
Employees have the opportunity to drop in without fear.
Employees have the opportunity to evaluate their own performance against the established standards.
Employees have the opportunity to help the air, become collectors and show off their contribution.
Employees have the opportunity to meet people from across the country and around the world.
Employees have the opportunity to participate in a separate deferred compensation program.
Employees have the opportunity to participate in group English language tutoring on campus.
Employees have the opportunity to purchase savings bonds through payroll deduction.
Employees have the opportunity to purchase Titan common stock at a significant discount.
Employees have the opportunity to ride and fish and it is an ideal place for hiking.
Employees have the opportunity to work in different teams as projects develop.
Employees have the option of a paycheck or direct deposit for their payments.
Employees have the option of buying additional levels of coverage above the basic plan.
Employees have the option of choosing between four medical plans and three dental plans.
Employees have the option of having medical premiums redirected annually.
Employees have the option of making their own way to work.
Employees have the option of participating or watching.
Employees have the option of purchasing additional Life insurance for themselves and their families.
Employees have the option of purchasing their transit passes at their worksite.
Employees have the option of reporting the behavior, although they risk looking like troublemakers.
Employees have the option of seeking treatment through their own medical provider.
Employees have the option of several plans to fit their medical needs.
Employees have the option to go in or out of network.
Employees have the option to purchase additional coverage for family members at a reduced rate.
Employees have the option to purchase additional term life insurance.
Employees have the option to purchase extended coverage.
Employees have the option to purchase supplemental insurance.
Employees have the option to purchase supplemental life insurance to increase their coverage.
Employees have the option to review personal data by contacting their local HR representative.
Employees have the option to sue.
Employees have the option to transfer between health plans.
Employees have the power to make decisions about their work and career path.
Employees have the primary responsibility for following safe practices.
Employees have the responsibility for maintaining their data records current.
Employees have the right to a fair hearing and due process in all disputes.
Employees have the right to a living wage, including health, pension, and other benefits.
Employees have the right to add an explanation.
Employees have the right to appeal such a recommendation to an administrative law judge.
Employees have the right to appeal the placement of their position within the pay plan.
Employees have the right to be free from discrimination.
Employees have the right to be informed of the nature of the content of their record.
Employees have the right to be paid in cash, with some exceptions.
Employees have the right to be protected from violent behavior.
Employees have the right to be treated with civility by supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates.
Employees have the right to choose their own treating doctor.
Employees have the right to determine their own organizational objectives.
Employees have the right to explain or contest the results.
Employees have the right to form, join or assist a union or to refrain from doing so.
Employees have the right to have a work of their own choosing in their office.
Employees have the right to inspect their personnel files as provided for by law.
Employees have the right to labels and other hazards warnings.
Employees have the right to make written responses to their supervisors' evaluations.
Employees have the right to performance evaluations.
Employees have the right to proper protective equipment.
Employees have the right to quit a job at any time without incurring liability.
Employees have the right to read or obtain copies of all HHE interim and final reports.
Employees have the right to refuse to telework if the option is made available.
Employees have the right to request and use approved annual leave that they earn.
Employees have the right to request review of their positions.
Employees have the right to request voluntary leave for pregnancy, childbirth, or parenting.
Employees have the right to respond to the written summary.
Employees have the right to review any files and to provide their own comments if desired.
Employees have the right to review their personnel file during regular office hours upon request.
Employees have the right to see the citation which lists violations found by an inspector.
Employees have the right to seek collective bargaining with their employers.
Employees have the right to seek training and additional work-related skills.
Employees have the right to strike in order to protect their economic or professional interests.
Employees have the right to strike to gain better wages, benefits, or working conditions.
Employees have the right to sue under Taiwan's Code of Civil Law.
Employees have the right to sue.
Employees have the right to the money even if they quit or are terminated.
Employees have the right to weekly days off and to annual paid vacations.
Employees have the right to work in an environment free from harassment.
Employees have the right to work in an environment where their individual values are respected.
Employees have the right under the Acts to refuse to work in hazardous or unsafe situations.
Employees have the right under the law to leave unsafe working conditions.
Employees have the same right to refuse to be interviewed.
Employees have the use of a sink, microwave oven, refrigerator, and pop machine.
Employees have their choice of health care providers.
Employees have their claims handled quickly and efficiently.
Employees have their jobs and again their livelihood to consider.
Employees have their own canteen.
Employees have their own reasons for working here.
Employees have three choices for medical coverage for themselves and their eligible dependents.
Employees have three years to take advantage of the program.
Employees have time to attend college.
Employees have to ask for reasonable accommodations.
Employees have to be able to share ideas with each other verbally and in writing.
Employees have to be alert to the time periods and possibility of multiple transactions.
Employees have to be flexible, quick-witted and creative to meet the daily challenges of work.
Employees have to be made to feel that they are responsible for customer satisfaction.
Employees have to be put through security and background checks to insure confidentiality.
Employees have to be rewarded when they adapt to the new culture and change their behavior.
Employees have to be trained on how to work smarter.
Employees have to buy into the effort.
Employees have to call that division to make trades.
Employees have to feel their own values are reflected and embraced by the organization.
Employees have to find their own way to Seattle and then are met by agents at the airport.
Employees have to follow specific guidelines when deciding whether to buy something from a customer.
Employees have to get through two levels of security to reach the data center.
Employees have to initiate the request and prove the business case for working differently.
Employees have to know and see that both doors are being taped with time and date.
Employees have to motivate and empower themselves.
Employees have to pay student and registration fees.
Employees have to pay taxes on wages they earn.
Employees have to realize that they are responsible for their own health, Downing says.
Employees have to really understand the material in order to explain it to their coworkers.
Employees have to right to sue the employer under the Thai Code of Civil Law.
Employees have to use their own cars for deliveries outside Moscow.
Employees have to wait longer to begin saving.
Employees have total security when they access benefits online with individual password protection.
Employees have trouble getting answers from their superiors.
Employees have trouble hearing a complaint as feedback.
Employees have two avenues for bringing state law claims.
Employees have two choices in dental insurance plans.
Employees have two medical plans to choose from.
Employees have two options with the Pub and Cafeteria.
Employees have two weeks to meet their quotas.
Employees have until today to complete the survey.
Employees have use of their vacation leave for the year at the beginning of the calendar year.
Employees have vital roles.
Employees having passed sixty years of age have the right to six extra working days.
Employees Help Co-ops Serve.
Employees help make companies successful.
Employees help one another with translations, and in addition, some supervisors are now bilingual.
Employees here are generally from art schools and design institutes.
Employees here are so good at it they can see it before sensormatic.
Employees here live precariously.
Employees Here refers to employees at the location of the establishment.
Employees here set and work toward common goals.
Employees Hire only the best employees.
Employees hold workshops and teach classes on crafts to generate interest and boost sales.
Employees holding faculty rank are eligible to apply.
Employees hurriedly move tables and chairs out of the way.
Employees hustle about, helping students with various projects.
Employees hustle by carrying boxes of filed materials.
Employees identify canisters by an alpha-numeric index system.
Employees identify the problem and fix it.
Employees identify their customers and learn strategies for enhancing service.
Employees identify their personal development with the development of the organization.
Employees improve current job performance.
Employees improve job performance.
Employees improve performance.
Employees include information.
Employees increasingly demand greater job satisfaction, and consider themselves free agents.
Employees increasingly have child care responsibilities.
Employees indicate that an opportunity to advance is important.
Employees interact with suppliers.
Employees interface with code specialists for code and statute interpretation.
Employees interview applicants for unemployment claims to determine if they qualify for benefits.
Employees interview clients to obtain drug and alcohol histories and related information.
Employees involved in health and wellness programs are more creative and productive.
Employees jockeying for protection or advantage generate their own demands on the system.
Employees join a firm, they leave a firm.
Employees join and depart, partnerships form and dissolve, and new business relationships emerge.
Employees jot down questions and ideas, with no signature required.
Employees jump from one job to the next in order to move up the career ladder.
Employees just love a good rumor.
Employees just swipe their badges to punch in or out.
Employees keep a constant watch on the monitors.
Employees keep jobs.
Employees keep their position number.
Employees know a directionless company eventually runs out of gas and never offers real opportunity.
Employees know business is for sale.
Employees know how to detect the presence or release of hazardous chemicals in the workplace.
Employees know how to protect themselves and others when an emergency occurs.
Employees know how to use creativity and ingenuity to solve organizational problems.
Employees know it is the critical vital sign of organizational health.
Employees know it's there.
Employees know little, if anything, about their ultimate bosses.
Employees know that long-distance charges directly affect program cost.
Employees know that the deposit is in their account to cover checks written.
Employees know that their company values accomplishment, such as completing projects under budget.
Employees know that tough issues arise in the workplace.
Employees know that when they're hired.
Employees know the agencies operations best.
Employees know the hair test is likely to detect their drug use.
Employees know the work they do is meaningful and worthwhile.
Employees know their exact coverage in advance.
Employees know their rights and responsibilities.
Employees know they have a place to go if they feel threatened.
Employees know they have power to influence changes and they have more self-confidence.
Employees know what extra jobs they'll take on.
Employees know what is required to do their job each day.
Employees know what it takes to work there.
Employees know what to do.
Employees know what's out there.
Employees know when and how to update our hazardous chemical list.
Employees know when they've done a good job.
Employees know who the underperformers are.
Employees lack dignity, worth and value as human beings.
Employees lack motivation and incentive to attend training.
Employees lack of focus on revenue generation.
Employees lack required skill sets.
Employees laid-off due to mergers and bankruptcies are often highly skilled and well educated.
Employees lead tours of the facility.
Employees lean over the balcony to see the festivities.
Employees learn a new skill and than teach a coworker.
Employees learn a step by step method for learning a new task quickly.
Employees learn a win-win approach to effective negotiation.
Employees learn about their employers' pension and benefit plans.
Employees learn at their own speed and individual results can be documented automatically.
Employees learn by watching.
Employees learn consideration for each other by working together, toward a common goal.
Employees learn five steps to resolving conflict.
Employees learn how to accommodate limitations and maximize remaining abilities.
Employees learn how to deal with today's complex employment issues.
Employees learn how to identify confined spaces and control associated with confined spaces.
Employees learn how to identify symptoms and causes of stress.
Employees learn how to quickly assess options and make appropriate choices.
Employees learn how to respond to sexual harassment.
Employees learn how to use and maintain their respirators.
Employees learn in very different ways.
Employees learn insurance details so they can understand most customer comments and questions.
Employees learn job-seeking techniques, including networking, resume writing, and interviewing.
Employees learn new skills and ideas through hands-on virtual experience.
Employees learn planning tools and tips in dealing with their own family eldercare issues.
Employees learn practical skills to overcome obstacles to getting results on the job.
Employees learn respect for the powerful machinery they use daily.
Employees learn rules.
Employees learn skills, develop confidence and build self-esteem.
Employees learn standards of proper behavior along with their company's own mission and policies.
Employees learn that it is okay to raise ethical dilemmas with their colleagues and supervisors.
Employees learn that their companies appreciate the complexity of their jobs.
Employees learn the proper procedures for future audits and avoid compromising company interests.
Employees learn their job by following rigid rules under tight supervisors.
Employees learn to explore different avenues to gain the desired result.
Employees learn to improve efficiency while serving guests better.
Employees learn to think causally.
Employees learn ways to identify and handle conduct that can lead to workplace problems.
Employees learn what others have achieved and how to improve their own programs.
Employees learn what stress is, and how to reduce it and eliminate it from their lives.
Employees leave because of external causes such as family matters.
Employees leave companies because of Managers more often than any other reason.
Employees leave companies.
Employees leave departments.
Employees leave for other reasons, too.
Employees leave organizations for many reasons, only one of which is low pay.
Employees leave organizations.
Employees leave the training with career plans and specific steps that their managers can support.
Employees leave when they are dissatisfied or see greener pastures.
Employees leave, complaining of the lack of structure and job descriptions.
Employees let the student settle down, did a good job of keeping the situation under control.
Employees lie to their bosses out of fear of punishment.
Employees lift an entire stack of five boxes of product when moving it from rack to rack.
Employees like and use desktop access to information.
Employees like it because it saves time and money wasted in commuting.
Employees like it because they can log on from home.
Employees like it because they save commuting time.
Employees like it.
Employees like to be informed on how the business is doing and how they are doing.
Employees like to come to work knowing there is a plan and a reason for doing what they do.
Employees like to feel they belong and are part of the team.
Employees like to know that their opinions count.
Employees like to know they are part of a winning team.
Employees like to know what they have been hired to do.
Employees like to receive appreciation.
Employees literally live and breathe with the customers' IT organization.
Employees live in Mitchell and surrounding communities.
Employees live within driving distance, and the absentee record is better than most companies enjoy.
Employees load and unload trucks.
Employees log into the computer system at the desk for computer and telephony services.
Employees log into the system when they come to work and logout when they leave.
Employees log on to the extranet and click on the phone system area.
Employees log onto a Web site using a secure password.
Employees log the shipment, use and disposal of chemicals on a regular basis.
Employees look for continuing educational opportunities as they plan their own career development.
Employees look for opportunities to grow and learn while employers strive to maintain production.
Employees look for people who can solve problems, either on their own, or together with a group.
Employees look to their executives as leaders in whom they can take pride.
Employees look to their manager for direction and information.
Employees looking to keep jobs want to look sharp.
Employees lose jobs and income.
Employees lose jobs and the stock market sadistically seeks new lows.
Employees lose jobs.
Employees lose only two hours of pay per week.
Employees lose time sifting through spam, occasionally deleting critical business e-mails.
Employees lounge and kitchen.
Employees love and value their jobs at Southwest.
Employees love it.
Employees love surprises.
Employees love the building.
Employees love the freedom of being unshackled from their desks.
Employees love their jobs.
Employees love what they've seen so far.
Employees mainly work in the schools, helping with tutoring, conflict resolution, and volunteerism.
Employees maintain a higher morale and sense of job satisfaction.
Employees maintain static postures for long periods during the day.
Employees Maintain the best possible working conditions and an exemplary working climate.
Employees make a co-pay toward their premium and the firm pays the remainder.
Employees make a modest copayment for certain services.
Employees make a selection at the beginning of the year.
Employees make appointments online and just show up in the company parking lot.
Employees make choices every day.
Employees make contributions from their pretax earnings.
Employees make decisions and, thus, decision-making becomes part of the work.
Employees make decisions each day using the philosophy as their guide.
Employees make decisions having significant public health, economic, or environmental impact.
Employees make decisions.
Employees make determinations independently on controversial and borderline inspection findings.
Employees make effort.
Employees make elections on an annual basis.
Employees make faith effort.
Employees make good faith effort.
Employees make good tips and the cuisine is usually high quality.
Employees make no contribution to the trust fund.
Employees make numerical errors both intentionally and unintentionally.
Employees make reservations in advance.
Employees make right decisions.
Employees make the final technical decisions and have the authority to accept, amend or reject work.
Employees make their own contributions and investment decisions.
Employees make their own profit on their investment of labour.
Employees make their own travel plans, enter their own expense reports on the internet.
Employees make up the rest.
Employees making personal contributions can request an application and a copy of the guidelines.
Employees manage funds and choose the community organizations that receive help.
Employees manage the money themselves, selected from fixed and variable annuities, and mutual funds.
Employees manage their own careers.
Employees manually roll a rack of product over to the transfer area.
Employees may have experience.
Employees may have options.
Employees measure it by their satisfaction level.
Employees meet duties.
Employees meet general requirements.
Employees meet goals.
Employees meet in a designated area and a roll call is taken.
Employees meet in conference rooms to solve problems.
Employees meet qualification requirements.
Employees meet requirements.
Employees meet tests.
Employees meet with residents for one hour twice a week.
Employees meet with supervisor to discuss problems, relate progress, and review future plans.
Employees mirror the attitudes and opinions of the top person.
Employees miss time to provide care for an injured family member or to deal with a damaged car.
Employees mix up pitchers of margaritas and whip up nachos and chili con queso.
Employees model after their bosses.
Employees monitor relevant sources based on personal needs and interest.
Employees move farther from their jobs to be able to have decent housing or attain home ownership.
Employees move from job to job more freely than ever.
Employees move from viewing managers as their customers to seeing taxpayers as their customers.
Employees move on in the face of diminishing opportunity.
Employees move to another entry-level service job.
Employees move to next level on their anniversary date.
Employees move, business operations are restructured and new technologies emerge.
Employees need assistance.
Employees need emergency assistance.
Employees needing more training can take the time to do so.
Employees needn t feel like specimens in a fishbowl, however.
Employees never force their way into homes.
Employees never learn to take charge, and they eventually lose motivation.
Employees nevertheless continue to demand further enhancement of existing benefit plans.
Employees nominate and elect a member and an alternate.
Employees nominate co-workers for the monthly awards.
Employees normally have the authority to administer oral and written warnings.
Employees normally know what is going on in a company.
Employees normally work two holidays a year.
Employees now analyze and update corporate data remotely to ensure complete, current information.
Employees now can save resources by viewing reports on-line or printing individual pages.
Employees now communicate clearly and without interference from anywhere on the plant site.
Employees now consider superannuation as a right of employment.
Employees now dress more formally, and receive more training.
Employees now earn an hourly wage, rather than the piece rates common in agriculture.
Employees now feel connected to a larger entity while retaining the old corporate culture.
Employees now get a voucher to seek their own training institution.
Employees now handle the increas- ed sales volume.
Employees now have an additional resource to turn to for information concerning their legal rights.
Employees now have the ability to view coworkers' available time.
Employees now have the option of the type of account they have their money deposited into.
Employees now have their current leave balances printed on their check each week.
Employees now know what to expect from the changing technology.
Employees now like to extend themselves to help others.
Employees now report up a chain of command within the four operating divisions.
Employees now spend less time on clean-up with less risk of exposure to hazardous substances.
Employees now spend their time filling orders instead of performing paperwork.
Employees now take on new responsibilities.
Employees now use winches and carts or dollies to lift heavy equipment.
Employees now view skills development as a vital element of their employment package.
Employees now wear dark sunglasses as part of their work uniform.
Employees object to monitoring as an invasion of their privacy.
Employees observe, learn and perform all phases of the work under immediate supervision.
Employees obtain verbal approval in advance from their supervisor.
Employees offer and welcome new ideas in proactive timeframes.
Employees only earn sick and vacation accruals when they are in a paid status.
Employees only redouble their opposition and the war begins.
Employees operate green Township vehicles with seal on side.
Employees operate in a multi-agency central dispatch center.
Employees operate leaf vacuums every fall to clear away multi-colored autumn leaves.
Employees operate official white trucks with seal on side.
Employees operate under an incentive system.
Employees operate within a framework of professional standards that apply to internal auditing.
Employees opt out to build their own businesses.
Employees order the mix of benefits they want and the levels of coverage they think appropriate.
Employees overseas have a responsibility to seek, develop and display the requisite understanding.
Employees overwhelmingly support the use of sick leave to care for family members.
Employees own eight percent of the company through an employee stock-ownership plan.
Employees own more than a third of the company.
Employees own the other eight percent.
Employees own the rest.
Employees P eople make it happen.
Employees paid by the hour can work up to forty hours in a week without earning overtime.
Employees participate as a walk team.
Employees participate in a generous profit-sharing program.
Employees participate in a non-contributory pension plan.
Employees participate in a number of extra-curricular activities.
Employees participate in comprehensive medical, vision and dental programs.
Employees participate in creating site-specific training methods and materials.
Employees participate in discussion and decision making.
Employees participate in paid group health, dental, life, and disability insurance.
Employees participate in performance planning and review, linked to the company's goals.
Employees participate in providing input to all aspects of work.
Employees participate in the company's success through a profit-sharing program and bonuses.
Employees participate in the full range of activities conducted by the office.
Employees participate on a part-time basis while assigned to their regular positions.
Employees participate on their own, so there are no teams to form or groups to join.
Employees participate through voluntary payroll deductions.
Employees participating in flextime are eligible to earn credit hours.
Employees pass all problems to managers for handling.
Employees patrol campus buildings, parking lots, ramps, and all other university grounds.
Employees pay a portion of the cost on a pre-tax basis for the coverage they elect.
Employees pay a portion of the premium and co-payments.
Employees pay a portion of the premium based on the type of coverage selected.
Employees pay a portion of the premium cost for dependents based on salary.
Employees pay a portion of the premium cost of dependants.
Employees pay a portion of the premium for each plan on a pre-tax basis.
Employees pay a portion of their parking fees with pre-tax dollars.
Employees pay a share of that cost through payroll deductions.
Employees pay a small amount through payroll deductions.
Employees pay all deferred monies and any applicable fees.
Employees pay all fees other than tuition.
Employees pay an annual parking fee.
Employees pay an equal amount.
Employees pay any difference between coverage received and coverage chosen.
Employees pay attention, get involved, and learn.
Employees pay by payroll deduction in one, two or four monthly payments.
Employees pay charges for mini-bars and videos with a personal card or cash at checkout.
Employees pay for all additional optional coverage selected.
Employees pay for books and supplies.
Employees pay for dependent coverage.
Employees pay for the rest by paycheck deductions.
Employees pay full premium.
Employees pay health insurance premiums based on the coverage option selected.
Employees pay income tax on the gain between the exercise and grant prices.
Employees pay monthly via check or money order.
Employees pay no fee for our services.
Employees pay no income tax until they begin making withdrawals.
Employees pay no payroll or income tax on the amount.
Employees pay no premiums for themselves or their dependents on any of the plans above.
Employees pay no tax on health insurance premiums paid by their employer.
Employees pay nothing to park there.
Employees pay nothing, or a nominal fee, to place their children in the centers.
Employees pay nothing.
Employees pay only for services they use and can choose investment managers solely for performance.
Employees pay only the patient portion specified in the contract at the time of service.
Employees pay premium.
Employees pay premiums.
Employees pay taxes on gross wages.
Employees pay the company a set fare, depending on the length of the commute.
Employees pay the cost of dental insurance.
Employees pay the cost.
Employees pay the entire cost of dental care for family members.
Employees pay the full cost of optional insurance.
Employees pay the full premium.
Employees pay the full premiums for options, which are offered only along with basic term coverage.
Employees pay the funds back through payroll deductions at a rate which the employee sets.
Employees pay the premium for the products they purchase.
Employees pay the premiums for health care coverage.
Employees pay their dentists for treatment and are reimbursed by their employer.
Employees pay their premiums to employers, which funds the network.
Employees pay their share through payroll deductions and retirees through annuity deductions.
Employees pay their travel to and from program locations.
Employees paying for parking annually, also receive a decal with both bars attached.
Employees paying no federal income taxes against which to apply the credit receive a refund instead.
Employees perceive such statements as threats.
Employees perceive that a supervisor has given a favored employee an inappropriate raise.
Employees perform a wide variety of limited semi-skilled labor tasks.
Employees perform activities.
Employees perform at high levels.
Employees perform at levels.
Employees perform at the highest levels of competency, since their actions.
Employees perform both program delivery and client intervention functions.
Employees perform duties.
Employees perform frequent torso flexions, and use extended and elevated reaches.
Employees perform independently and require minimal supervision.
Employees perform jobs.
Employees perform other related work as required.
Employees perform professional radiation therapy duties.
Employees perform repeated lifting of heavy product throughout the production process.
Employees perform repeated, forceful finger exertions with the wrist in a deviated posture.
Employees perform the full range of inspections pertinent to animal health.
Employees perform the full range of inspections pertinent to field inspection.
Employees perform the full range of inspections pertinent to pest survey and control.
Employees perform the full range of inspections pertinent to the pesticides.
Employees perform the full range of inspections pertinent to the turf and seeds.
Employees perform the full range of inspections pertinent to weights and measures.
Employees perform the selecting tasks for the total duration of their shifts.
Employees perform their job functions at a workplace provided by their employer.
Employees perform work at home, with contact by electronic computer modem to the office.
Employees perform work independently under general supervision of division supervisor.
Employees performing essentially equal work receive equal pay and other compensation.
Employees periodically practice implementation of emergency plans.
Employees pick one based on their investment goals and ability to tolerate risk.
Employees pick the required cartons of products, then load the cartons onto the outgoing conveyor.
Employees pick up and return their work once a week.
Employees pick up mail after work or while on break.
Employees place a low valuation on the benefits that employers provide.
Employees place plastic edge-protectors on the coil.
Employees plan to use the winnings to buy a refrigerator to store their lunches and refreshments.
Employees plan, organize and implement a drug and alcohol treatment program for inmates.
Employees planning a weekend backpacking trip can rent backpacks, tents, and sleeping bags.
Employees play an important role in any business.
Employees play an important role in paying and remitting their loans.
Employees play an important role in resolving the dysfunction.
Employees play by the book.
Employees pocket any remaining money left over from their commutes.
Employees possess a strong work ethic.
Employees possess all the relevant knowledge, experience or skill to perform duties independently.
Employees possessing the skills to manage both birds and people are in high demand.
Employees post jobs and job seekers post their resumes.
Employees post jokes, movie reviews, classified ads, and sometimes complaints about the company.
Employees practice repointing mortar joints.
Employees practicing prevention solve many workplace problems long before they occur.
Employees prefer direct deposit.
Employees prefer to ask how to do something rather than read instructions.
Employees present the voucher to the pre-approved school at the time of registration.
Employees primarily stand during the operation to achieve maximum access to the materials.
Employees producing legal documents have a different set of work habits from other fields.
Employees profit if they can sell their stock for more than they paid at exercise.
Employees promptly record and classify transactions.
Employees properly cook potentially hazardous foods.
Employees proudly donate their time and efforts to many local and charitable organizations.
Employees provide a black belt and black shoes.
Employees provide additional clarification willingly and courteously when requested to do so.
Employees provide black trousers and sturdy work shoes.
Employees provide both routine maintenance and special improvements to parks and other areas.
Employees provide confidential information in support of their job relationship with the employer.
Employees provide distributed computing and mainframe support.
Employees provide opportunity.
Employees provide professional engineering, administrative support and staff liaison services.
Employees provide services.
Employees provide the information, pictures, or other items that are to be included on their page.
Employees provide the means by which the ENDS are accomplished.
Employees provide work in an ongoing, structured basis.
Employees punch by swiping a badge or entering a PIN at the keypad.
Employees punch in and out using a PIN or magnetically encoded badge.
Employees punch in their four digit code for access to clock in and out.
Employees pursue activities.
Employees pursue an aggressive press maintenance program.
Employees qualify for a matching employer contribution after two years of service.
Employees quickly recognize deceit and react to broken promises.
Employees quit every day for better pay, better working conditions, and better opportunities.
Employees quit impulsively and follow recruiters right out the door.
Employees raise concern.
Employees raise critical issues to their leaders.
Employees raise safety concern.
Employees rank dental benefits second in importance, right behind health coverage.
Employees rank training as among the top benefits offered by their employers.
Employees rate our programs very favorably.
Employees rate their team development high.
Employees rate their working relationships with their supervisors positively.
Employees reach overhead to obtain the parts.
Employees read books.
Employees read water meters.
Employees realize that what is good for the customer is good for their business.
Employees really enjoy and appreciate the training, so it is excellent for team building.
Employees really have a lot of freedom to monitor workers like the article says.
Employees reassure customers by managing their feelings of trust.
Employees receive a basic level of insurance and can purchase additional coverage as desired.
Employees receive a better shake as well.
Employees receive a bonus if someone they refer for a job opening is hired.
Employees receive a cash award and a certificate for their outstanding achievement.
Employees receive a customized certificate.
Employees receive a discount on stocks.
Employees receive a distribution when they retire or leave the company.
Employees receive a monthly paycheck with the rate being established when a job offer is made.
Employees receive a pay stub detailing their payroll transactions.
Employees receive a pay voucher showing their account number and the amount deposited.
Employees receive a pledge card and catalog that lists all eligible charities.
Employees receive a questionnaire about a week before the scheduled review.
Employees receive additional subsistence pay when they perform duties away from their home station.
Employees receive adequate training to perform their jobs satisfactorily.
Employees receive an earnings statement each pay.
Employees receive an internet access account.
Employees receive assignments orally or through written job orders.
Employees receive assistance.
Employees receive awards commensurate with their contributions.
Employees receive benefits.
Employees receive bonuses for jobs well done.
Employees receive bronze, silver and gold rankings as they complete certain levels of training.
Employees receive certificates for each seminar that they complete.
Employees receive child involvement leave no matter when in the year their employment begins.
Employees receive coaching, modeling, support, oversight and backup from the supervisory staff.
Employees receive competitive wages and other benefits including skiing and riding privileges.
Employees receive contribution regardless of profitability.
Employees receive cultural training.
Employees receive direct supervision from a respiratory therapy supervisor or physician.
Employees receive discounted or free admission to on-campus cultural events.
Employees receive discounts in the restaurant and general store.
Employees receive discounts on gasoline purchases and also on gift store purchases.
Employees receive each year a share of the profits which is paid out as a cash bonus.
Employees receive employment services.
Employees receive environmental, health and safety training.
Employees receive excellent benefits and advancement opportunities.
Employees receive excellent retirement, sick leave, disability, health and life insurance benefits.
Employees receive feedback on performance.
Employees receive financial credits to buy health coverage.
Employees receive five days of personal leave each year.
Employees receive five floating holidays per calendar year.
Employees receive five floating holidays per year.
Employees receive free park admission and a bonus for completing the full season.
Employees receive free tickets for sports events, shows, etc.
Employees receive from one to five weeks of vacation depending on their length of service.
Employees receive full benefits through our employee leasing service.
Employees receive full health benefits for themselves and their families, making a small co-payment.
Employees receive full pay for holidays they are entitled to while on leave.
Employees receive general supervision from a higher level engineer or manager.
Employees receive general supervision from a higher level engineering manager.
Employees receive generous childbirth and family leave.
Employees receive great benefits.
Employees receive high-quality professional training materials tailored to their industry's needs.
Employees receive immediate tax savings by reducing taxable income.
Employees receive income for their dependent personal services.
Employees receive information about how to use phone cards when the cards are issued.
Employees receive information about using the card when the card is issued.
Employees receive instructions on proper body mechanics and lifting techniques.
Employees receive jobs.
Employees receive little or no training opportunities.
Employees receive monthly detailed billing invoices for their cellular service.
Employees receive nine paid holidays, and one floating holiday.
Employees receive normal salary during vacation.
Employees receive paid holidays annually either with time off or additional compensation.
Employees receive paid holidays, paid sick leave and paid vacations.
Employees receive paid holidays, paid vacations and health benefits.
Employees receive pay increases based on performance.
Employees receive payments at designated times.
Employees receive periodic statements outlining their accumulated pay and interest credits.
Employees receive regular pay for designated closure days.
Employees receive regular wage increases, attendance, vacation, and referral bonuses.
Employees receive room and board and a monthly salary.
Employees receive rules.
Employees receive salaries or wages, benefits and perks.
Employees receive salary plus mandated benefits only.
Employees receive separate brochures upon eligibility.
Employees receive service pins in five-year increments.
Employees receive services.
Employees receive several weeks training in evening classes.
Employees receive shares annually based on the company's performance.
Employees receive sign language training on campus during working hours free of charge.
Employees receive special discounts on cruises, tours, resorts, hotels and flights.
Employees receive specialized training to better serve the customer.
Employees receive specific assignment schedules but perform under general supervision.
Employees receive such information now.
Employees receive superior customer service and Internet tools to manage their success.
Employees receive tax relief in full on their donations.
Employees receive the age, gender, and first name of a needy recipient.
Employees receive the benefit completely free of all payroll and income taxes.
Employees receive the benefit free of all payroll and income taxes.
Employees receive the difference between their regular straight time earnings and jury duty pay.
Employees receive the highest level of benefits when network providers are used.
Employees receive the initial award at the conclusion of the first year of service.
Employees receive the maximum level of benefits available when they use a preferred provider.
Employees receive the most current information every time.
Employees receive their paycheck at their work site.
Employees receive three free consultations per year.
Employees receive three special days a year.
Employees receive training and education to develop marketable skills.
Employees receive training and guidance in providing high-quality customer service.
Employees receive training and understand the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy .
Employees receive training and understand the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy.
Employees receive training at in-house sessions as well as trade seminars.
Employees receive training at the time of initial assignment and at least annually thereafter.
Employees receive training on proper confidentiality and client privacy procedures.
Employees receive treatment from the dentist of their choice.
Employees receive twelve paid holidays a year.
Employees receive two floating holidays per calendar year.
Employees receive two floating holidays per year.
Employees receive unlimited bus use throughout the six-county region.
Employees receive up to one hour of training each day for a minimum of ten weeks.
Employees receive vacation time ranging from one to five workweeks based on years of service.
Employees receive vacation, holiday, and referral bonus pay.
Employees receive valuable reminders and cautions before they begin work.
Employees receive vested interest in the plan based on the number of years of service completed.
Employees receiving ongoing training are significantly more productive and far less likely to leave.
Employees receiving worker s compensation benefits continue to accrue sick and vacation leave.
Employees recognize one another's clothing.
Employees recommend the company to their friends.
Employees record sick leave usage on their bi-weekly attendance report .
Employees record sick leave usage on their monthly attendance report .
Employees record the data obtained and perform necessary mathematical calculations.
Employees recycle software and other electronic media.
Employees reduce nonproductive time filling out paper forms.
Employees reduce their taxes and increase their take home pay.
Employees reflect how they are treated.
Employees refuse vacations or promotions.
Employees register for classes during the regular registration period.
Employees register their vehicle once and keep the same permit from year to year.
Employees regularly conduct business off campus that can give rise to unique safety risks.
Employees regularly receive feedback about their potential for higher-level jobs.
Employees regulate refinery operations from within highly automated control rooms.
Employees relax on marble benches under fruit trees in the sloping courtyard.
Employees remain accountable, however, for doing what they are suppose to do.
Employees remain free to terminate their employment at any time for any or no reason.
Employees remain longer and work more productively if their employers are honest and fair.
Employees remain on their home turf, working for large companies.
Employees remove items from the premises without permission.
Employees render aid in emergencies when possible.
Employees render services and the employer rewards the services.
Employees render services for the corporation.
Employees render services per- sonally.
Employees repeat behaviors that result in positive consequences.
Employees repeatedly ask informal focus groups of readers and nonreaders what they want.
Employees repeatedly move full kegs of beer from a delivery truck to a hand truck.
Employees repeatedly twist the torso during lifting operations.
Employees report and answer to supervisors.
Employees report compensation and dividends as personal income.
Employees report continuing cases of misconduct - from lying to bribing.
Employees report ghostly security guards patrolling the lot at night.
Employees report hazards to the employer that they are unable to correct themselves.
Employees report reduced stress levels when they work from home.
Employees report seeing deer dig up bulbs with their hoofs.
Employees report that they are enjoying better relationships at home as well.
Employees report that trust in management is waning.
Employees report the results in tabular form, followed by a brief result interpretation paragraph.
Employees report their work on specific jobs at data collection devices.
Employees report to a higher level maintenance superior.
Employees report to agency.
Employees report to clinic managers, program directors or unit supervisors.
Employees report to work if they are able.
Employees report worse behavior among their colleagues.
Employees represent the department at various meetings.
Employees request duties.
Employees request information or make changes to their personnel records.
Employees request it.
Employees require flexible work days and hours in order to meet their lifestyle needs.
Employees resent the implied criticism that their methods are wrong or inadequate.
Employees residing on campus pay regular rates for room, board, and other services.
Employees resort to various devious ways and rat-hole parts to keep producing.
Employees respond by achieving higher levels of performance - or they leave.
Employees respond much better to positive feedback than to criticism.
Employees respond to good supervision including job planning and adequate instructions.
Employees respond to opportunities to volunteer with their companies.
Employees respond to recognition given from quality and safety programs.
Employees restrain their hair with a net, a hat, a rubber band, barrette or scrunchie.
Employees resume their positions without loss of seniority, pay rate, or accrued sick leave.
Employees retain all accrued benefits while on leave.
Employees retain preferential hiring rights in the department in which they have been laid off.
Employees retain the option of keeping the tax-free parking space.
Employees retain their skills and advancement opportunities.
Employees return after pact assures jobs for union workers in company's new high-tech areas.
Employees return to work sooner, reducing lost work time.
Employees reuse folders, envelopes, paper, and boxes.
Employees reuse folders, mugs, toner cartridges, boxes, packaging materials, and envelopes.
Employees review office hurricane plan and their particular duties.
Employees review their managers, then each manager looks over the scores and devises an action plan.
Employees risk physical hazard from angry citizens.
Employees risk physical hazard from mechanical and electrical equipment.
Employees roam the aisles to spot any tell-tale pens.
Employees rotate between the different positions.
Employees rotate posts, shifts, and days off.
Employees Salaries Our employees work hard.
Employees save money and reduce stress.
Employees save money on gas, insurance, auto parking and automobile upkeep.
Employees save on federal income taxes.
Employees save on income taxes since the amount is no longer reported as taxable salary.
Employees save on payroll and income tax on the amount of the benefit they purchase.
Employees save on their purchases and reduce their taxable wages.
Employees save on travel cost, wardrobe and meals away from home.
Employees save time and make faster and more informed decisions.
Employees save time, energy and resources when they telecommute.
Employees say an air of uncertainty has descended in the news building.
Employees say few contracts ever materialized.
Employees say it can effect how they feel about their employer.
Employees say it really helped to keep the terrorists attack from intruding in their everyday life.
Employees say it's a great place to work for other reasons, too.
Employees say peer pressure is a powerful influence.
Employees say that atmosphere comes from the top down inside the company.
Employees say that they started hearing rumors about a possible closing around the end of last year.
Employees say the man carried a shopping bag into the restroom.
Employees say the management had complained someone was stealing chicken.
Employees say they get no strokes.
Employees say they have to empty a bucket through the fence.
Employees say they have to log-off when they take breaks, go to lunch, or to the restroom.
Employees say they never got paid.
Employees say they realize the effect good volunteers can have in a crisis situation.
Employees say they're compensated for an occupation that can be stressful.
Employees scan an assigned Employee Card and are positively identified by voice.
Employees scan the tubs to feed the code into the scanners memory.
Employees schedule training on their availability.
Employees scratch off the silver boxes and match work place hazard symbols to win cash.
Employees search for jobs.
Employees secure coverage that has been researched by their employer.
Employees see customers.
Employees see management involvement and they get actively involved.
Employees see no change, just promises they consider the most recent management fad.
Employees see opportunity.
Employees see telecommuting as a job benefit, thus increasing morale and motivation.
Employees see that the company does care about their health and well being.
Employees see the appropriate employee handbook .
Employees see the exercise more as an extended selection process rather than as a training exercise.
Employees see the organizations they care about being blessed, so they become more dedicated.
Employees see the results quickly and can put their training to use on the job right away.
Employees see the safety committee as a communications conduit to management.
Employees see their co-workers face the stress and financial insecurity of losing their job.
Employees seek mainly security.
Employees seek notes, internal memos, letters or other records in various files.
Employees seek out others for feedback.
Employees seek safety, job security, responsibility, and recognition.
Employees seek win-win solutions to problems.
Employees seeking answers to some of the questions listed below are welcome to attend.
Employees seeking career advancement can sharpen their skills through educational workshops.
Employees seem animated by the changes and consequently energize the changes.
Employees seem sensitive to routine questions about procedures.
Employees seem to agree.
Employees seem to approve.
Employees seem to be most concerned about continuing health benefits.
Employees seem to enjoy the shadow experience as much as the students do.
Employees seem to have forgotten a few very important rules required in completing timesheets.
Employees seem to know where to go.
Employees seem truly happy to be working here.
Employees select a child, or children, from the lists and purchase items on each child's wish list.
Employees select an optometrist from a nationwide network of doctors.
Employees select coverage for dependents according to a tier schedule chosen by their employer.
Employees select from a nationwide network of attorneys, or any attorney of their own choice.
Employees select personal benefit packages each calendar year.
Employees select schools and programs without guidance.
Employees select the amount of insurance coverage that best fits their needs.
Employees select their own investments.
Employees sell the company's services to customers via the telephone.
Employees sell trade secrets, spies dig through dumpsters and hackers break into systems.
Employees send faxes to other state agencies.
Employees send help desk requests by email and telephone creating confusion.
Employees separate wastepaper and cardboard from all other material directly at their workstations.
Employees serve a trial period when changing positions within a bargaining unit.
Employees serve as a team to our customers and assure our continuity.
Employees serve as monitors and project leaders.
Employees serve as volunteer mentors and tutors to the students.
Employees serve at the pleasure of the appointing authority.
Employees serving initial hire probation periods receive only specified benefits and entitlement.
Employees set monies aside into a personal account through payroll deductions.
Employees share a portion of the responsibility and cost of providing retirement benefits.
Employees share common exposure to communicable disease.
Employees share in profits.
Employees share in the cost of dependent coverage for the medical and vision plans.
Employees share in the cost of dependent coverage.
Employees share in the cost through pre-tax payroll deductions.
Employees share in the net profits of the hospital.
Employees share in the premium cost for covering eligible family members.
Employees share in the success of the company with bonuses twice a year.
Employees share of hospitalization.
Employees share of retirement.
Employees share potential topics by interoffice e- mail.
Employees share the cost of coverage with New York State.
Employees share the cost with the company.
Employees share the cost.
Employees share the funding of retirement.
Employees should have opportunity.
Employees sign an acknowledgment of receipt and understanding of company policies.
Employees sign statement of confidentiality.
Employees simply do their work when they can and get the job done.
Employees simply give more, act more creatively and require less supervision where they are trusted.
Employees simply punch in and out with re-usable credit card style badges.
Employees simply turn in their time.
Employees simply use the machines at their convenience.
Employees sit around, doing next to nothing, while the meter continues to run.
Employees sitting in their office believe they're sending private messages to friends.
Employees slip out the back door.
Employees solve problems in nonroutine situations.
Employees soon recognize that life is easier if they simply keep quiet and just do their jobs.
Employees sort through the clothing and then place it on the racks.
Employees speed up sales with email, voice mail, cell phones, data linking and instant messaging.
Employees spend it and doing so, earn a living.
Employees spend less time developing film for the X-rays and are exposed to fewer strong chemicals.
Employees spend less time in class to develop skills suited to the new operating environment.
Employees spend more time away from home and family.
Employees spend more time on profitable activities, less time on handling materials.
Employees spend one lunch hour per week, or every other week, with their student buddies.
Employees spend paychecks.
Employees spend substantial amount of time searching for the 'right' source of information.
Employees spend the majority of time performing film assembly, and plate making.
Employees stack fork-lift pallets very high necessitating high lifting and extension with loads.
Employees stack pants too high on the buggies requiring reaches above shoulder height.
Employees stand for most of the task time.
Employees stand for the duration of the operation.
Employees stand for the duration of the task but move freely about the work station.
Employees stand for the duration of the task.
Employees stand for the entire period of the task and rotate between positions on the line.
Employees stand on elevated grate catwalks while performing most tasks.
Employees start at their own language skill level and learn at their own pace.
Employees start gathering to talk in areas that are off the beaten path.
Employees status on the first day of the month determines their eligibility for the entire month.
Employees stay at current salary and receive COLA increase only.
Employees stay at the cemetery until the lid is closed and the casket is lowered.
Employees stay happier and work harder if they are paid higher than the market rates.
Employees stay in one of the second floor dormitories with a roommate.
Employees stay in the same company, perhaps for decades.
Employees stay more alert and become less tired.
Employees stay where they re happy.
Employees staying onboard means less money spent on recruiting and training new staff.
Employees steal because of weaknesses in internal control and checks within the company.
Employees steal for many reasons.
Employees steal too.
Employees still accrue all forms of leave when using sick leave.
Employees still call up the archives and ask for information.
Employees still have to contact local farmers in person.
Employees still have to expect to work up through the ranks to reach salaries at high levels.
Employees still operate the hand-pulled freight elevator to move merchandise between floors.
Employees stop procrastinating and start acting.
Employees straggle into the newsroom, see the TV crew and groan.
Employees strive for continuous improvement in quality and service.
Employees strive to achieve operational excellence and total customer satisfaction.
Employees strive to get recognition for themselves and their teams'.
Employees strive to make sure every bird has a proper situation.
Employees strive to surpass our guests' expectations.
Employees struggle to find affordable childcare or back-up programs for snow days.
Employees struggle with employers and visa versa.
Employees submit inflated time sheets and expense reports.
Employees submit leave requests using an online system.
Employees suddenly quit to go on surfing trips.
Employees suffer burnout as a record pace.
Employees suffer less stress, are loyal, go the extra step.
Employees supervise and train lower level social workers, students or medical interns.
Employees supervise the coal handling operations for an entire shift.
Employees support and trust drug-free workplace programs when confidentiality is preserved.
Employees supports special events.
Employees surf the 'net for pleasure and exchange personal e-mails during work hours.
Employees surrender all rights at the company door.
Employees swipe encoded badges to track time.
Employees swipe the same cards through electronic readers to enter and exit buildings.
Employees switch positions throughout the shift.
Employees systematically underestimate the tendency of inflation to boost their own nominal wages.
Employees tackle safety both proactively and reactively.
Employees tackle their bosses.
Employees take a hands on role as well.
Employees take a multi-part test in applying for the certificated positions.
Employees take applications.
Employees take appropriate steps.
Employees take calls from people looking for a particular business.
Employees take great pride in their work, feeling a sense of ownership themselves.
Employees take increasing responsibility for their own career development.
Employees take jobs.
Employees take journeys.
Employees take more pride in their jobs and work output improves.
Employees take more time off from work for legal matters than they do for dental care.
Employees take notes.
Employees take overseas assignments mainly for excitement and resume enhancement.
Employees take ownership in each project with dedication to performance excellence.
Employees take ownership of their actions and words.
Employees take part in a staged casualty exercise.
Employees take part in the grapevine process to the extent that they form groups.
Employees take pride in and responsibility for their work.
Employees take pride in producing high quality products, consistent in flavor and texture.
Employees take pride in their agency, knowing that it represents the very best in law enforcement.
Employees take pride in their department, knowing it represents the very best in law enforcement.
Employees take pride in their work and strive for company success.
Employees take pride in their work, and thrive in the friendly environment.
Employees take pride.
Employees take recyclables to centralized location, and custodians take garbage from work station.
Employees take responsibility for their own safety and the safety of their fellow workers.
Employees take steps.
Employees take the course during the third year of training.
Employees take turns choosing the music that plays in the background.
Employees take unexpected sick days.
Employees talk about having fun at work.
Employees talk to each other, especially in a merger situation.
Employees talk to other employees.
Employees tell how they shifted their paradigms both personally and professionally.
Employees tell of noises, items moving, and a woman seen on the eighth floor.
Employees tell what it is like to work for the company.
Employees tend to be quick studies.
Employees tend to become lazy.
Employees tend to build up money toward their pensions fairly evenly throughout their careers.
Employees tend to distrust technology.
Employees tend to expect more from their work than merely a sufficient income as means of survival.
Employees tend to like the music because it is easy to listen to without being distracting.
Employees tend to mimic the behavior of their leadership models.
Employees tend to move around in our mobile society.
Employees tend to settle into similar roles.
Employees tend to stay long term.
Employees tend to support bosses who are seen as tough, but fair.
Employees tend to take pride in certain aspects of their equipment.
Employees tend to use the system to send e-mail to friends and colleagues naturally.
Employees tend to view an Alternative Work Schedule as a highly desirable benefit.
Employees then accrue vacation credits at the rate of one-half day per pay period.
Employees then become alarmed unnecessarily by what they hear.
Employees then choose plans and there are heavy subsidies for each plan.
Employees then donate time to stuff and deliver the backpacks to area schools.
Employees then feel that their reputation is reflected by their work product.
Employees then fit the components with bolts and fasteners into assemblies.
Employees then hope for a company's stock price to increase.
Employees then record every expense on the log, indicating which involved lobbying.
Employees then sort the items based on style, size, fabric, and garment condition.
Employees there can usually answer questions and accept complaints of discrimination.
Employees there make electronic controls for instrument panels.
Employees there speak English and are quite helpful.
Employees think that the university s negotiators are dragging their feet.
Employees think the policy is a great idea.
Employees thrive on approval and recognition.
Employees thus accumulate a steady 'cash balance' as they go along.
Employees thus bear the burden of presenting direct evidence of the employer s discrimination.
Employees thus become, and are treated like, real investors for the long haul.
Employees to perform jobs.
Employees too are more picky.
Employees too have duties to carry out their own work in a safe way.
Employees tracks employee classes and courses taken to maintain certification as a daycare provider.
Employees travel between the two buildings during the day.
Employees travel to each of the four events during the season.
Employees traveling in-state are exempt from payment of state and local taxes on meals and lodging.
Employees traveling In-State receive the actual cost of meals, and the actual cost of lodging.
Employees treat customers only as they are treated by their employer.
Employees treat customers the way they are treated.
Employees trust management.
Employees trust supervisors who are honest in what they say and consistent in how they act.
Employees turn in receipts and are reimbursed for their expenses.
Employees typically are hesitant to state their goals, their concerns and their disappointments.
Employees typically bring the subject to management s attention through diversity groups.
Employees typically complete their own expense reports.
Employees typically exhibit improvements in alertness, energy level, health, loyalty and morale.
Employees typically feel a greater sense of accomplishment.
Employees typically feel guilt, fear, and loss of control.
Employees typically feel the results of the downside of performance.
Employees typically sign agreements upon their hiring making that very clear.
Employees typically work one week on and one week off.
Employees undergo rigorous food-safety training.
Employees understand and appreciate that goal.
Employees understand and share in the mission.
Employees understand and support the goals of the organization.
Employees understand company goals and missions so production and motivation improves.
Employees understand from their first day how they can help cut company costs and boost profits.
Employees understand importance.
Employees understand it and users like it.
Employees understand it.
Employees understand that they are parking their bicycles in the cages at their own risk.
Employees understand the company is under pressure to band together to stay in business.
Employees understand the concept of the designated driver.
Employees understand the program s importance and appreciate the results.
Employees understand their strengths and developmental needs.
Employees uniform items viz.
Employees update data on their company site or edit press releases during a conference session.
Employees update their resumes.
Employees use a browser to access .html pages which are stored on the company's web server.
Employees use a hand held scanner to identify shipping totes, boxes, and shipping racks.
Employees use a hand held scanner to sort parts into various tubs for shipment.
Employees use a manual screwdriver to repeatedly tighten several screws into an electrical lead.
Employees use a personal identification number and a secure browser to access the system.
Employees use a pinch grip to hold small scissors between the index finger and thumb.
Employees use a putty knife with wet technique to work the tiles loose.
Employees use a straight, in-line, filleting type knife to perform trimming tasks.
Employees use a time card to clock in and out of their job.
Employees use and are experts in using all products sold.
Employees use and are experts in using all products.
Employees use appropriate hazard information.
Employees use asymmetric lifting techniques and twist the torso while lifting packages.
Employees use available CC resources and talents of co-workers to best perform their jobs.
Employees use best manufacturing practices to improve mill operations and ultimately reduce waste.
Employees use calibrated instruments when processing crime scenes.
Employees use computers regularly.
Employees use desktop videoconferencing for staff development and planning.
Employees use discretion only within delegated limits.
Employees Use hospitality funds prudently, in accordance with their organization's guidelines.
Employees use information.
Employees use it for free.
Employees use it in the workplace.
Employees use it to collaborate with customers, suppliers, development partners, and each other.
Employees use it to find the information they seek to do their jobs well.
Employees use judgment in determining appropriate plan of action and guidelines.
Employees use repeated, extended and elevated reaches to perform slab imprinting.
Employees use repeated, extended reaches to perform tasks on all lines observed.
Employees use safety equipment and respirators and stay upwind of the dust.
Employees use self-directed accounts in various ways.
Employees use text-based chat to get professional help.
Employees use the accounts to purchase goods and services of their choice.
Employees use the benefit to make their own choices.
Employees use the catalogs to purchase merchandise adorned with their employer's logo.
Employees use the drive both as a collaboration tool and to back up data from personal laptops.
Employees use the meeting to review financial results and to give sales updates.
Employees use the site to document best practices and processes for completing client engagements.
Employees use the system with no risk of reprisals.
Employees use the tents for other reasons as well.
Employees use the terminals to punch IN and OUT, and to record department or job transfers.
Employees use the vouchers with any of the region's public and private transit operators.
Employees use the vouchers, as cash, to purchase transit passes.
Employees use the worm castings as a soil conditioner for their plants.
Employees use their judgment, wearing what's appropriate for the situation.
Employees use toll-free numbers or the Internet to report hours.
Employees use upward channels to send messages to supervisors.
Employees using application cards also can pay be personal check.
Employees using participating pharmacists have no annual deductible to meet.
Employees using the passes are free to look at all exhibits.
Employees utilize personal networks to get the information out to the communities.
Employees utilize their training budget to participate in many technical and professional courses.
Employees value their jobs.
Employees value their participation in the job classification redesign process.
Employees value time.
Employees vary greatly in their ability to adapt, and also in their motivation.
Employees View an employee list with phone numbers, email addresses and photos.
Employees view the organization through their supervisor.
Employees view themselves as free agents and view each company as a steppingstone.
Employees visit the dentist of their choice and pay for the treatment they receive.
Employees visiting non business-related sites at work can quickly devour valuable bandwidth.
Employees voluntarily contribute through payroll deduction or an annual lump sum contribution.
Employees volunteer as reading tutors once a week throughout the school year.
Employees volunteer critical information to their supervisor.
Employees volunteer for other training.
Employees volunteer for two-year assignments.
Employees volunteer one hour per week to tutor students.
Employees volunteer their time and expertise with many organizations.
Employees volunteer their time to buy and deliver the toys.
Employees volunteer thousands of hours each year to community projects.
Employees volunteer to help at the walks, and also to walk and raise additional funds.
Employees wait as ceremony is about to begin.
Employees wait for promotions based on seniority and age.
Employees walk the grounds in all seasons and at all times of day.
Employees walk the plank in good times and bad.
Employees wander the neighborhood picking up trash.
Employees waste company time surfing the net.
Employees waste time coping with avoidable mishaps.
Employees waste time finding information instead of putting it to use.
Employees waste time re-connecting and navigating to the same site.
Employees waste time when they spam the hoax alert to everyone in their company.
Employees watch the forecasts and radars, but nothing is ever guaranteed.
Employees watch the numbers.
Employees watch their leaders more closely than anyone imagines.
Employees wear a badge that triggers an infrared sensor when they enter the bathroom.
Employees wear a pair of headsets that can be volume controlled.
Employees wear a white shirt, black pants, closed-toed shoes, and a red smock is provided.
Employees wear aprons.
Employees wear authentic cultural dress.
Employees wear casual clothes everyday.
Employees wear gloves.
Employees wear monitors to sample lead, cadmium, chrome, and silica in the air.
Employees wear nametags with their name, country of origin and languages they speak.
Employees wear shoes.
Employees wear what they feel comfortable in, and if that means a bow tie and top hat, so be it.
Employees welcome suggestions and comments from our guests.
Employees win because they can devote commuting time saved to fulfilling family responsibilities.
Employees wish to maximize leisure hours.
Employees withhold income tax from an individual s pay check.
Employees work a rotating shift, which includes holidays and weekends.
Employees work alternate weekends in some modalities.
Employees work as part of a crew or independently on well-defined assignments.
Employees work at offices.
Employees work at such times as directed by their supervisor.
Employees work better and are more creative when treated with respect and fairness.
Employees work better separated.
Employees work both indoors and outdoors.
Employees work faster and smarter.
Employees work for an employer.
Employees work for both groups at times.
Employees work for six days a week, the seventh day being a holiday for leisure and rest.
Employees work for six days of the week, the seventh day being a holiday for leisure and rest.
Employees work for their employer on a regular basis, usually every business day.
Employees work from dawn to dusk with only occasional breaks.
Employees work from ladders, scaffolds, and above ground locations.
Employees work from network pc stations and utilize our own intranet as well as the world wide web.
Employees work fulltime while enrolled in the degree program.
Employees work hard and they earn every penny they make.
Employees work hard doing their jobs.
Employees work hard year round on fundraisers to benefit the children.
Employees work hard, and at break time they play hard.
Employees work harder and more effectively in a humanized environment.
Employees work harder when they are aware of exactly what they are working towards.
Employees work in a caring and nurturing environment where leadership is shared.
Employees work in a non-smoking environment.
Employees work in a positive environment where leadership is shared.
Employees work in an atmosphere of trust, support, encouraging innovation and achievement.
Employees work in areas from the flightline to the legal assistance office.
Employees work in clusters or teams, and can paint their area how they see fit.
Employees work in county drug and alcohol programs.
Employees work in environments.
Employees work in large cubicles, and all employees, for now at least, get their own work space.
Employees work in multiple states with multiple tax codes.
Employees work in small teams together to fill orders.
Employees work in small, often intercontinental groups.
Employees work in teams of four to six people.
Employees work in teams of two, sharing the responsibility for tutoring one student.
Employees work in teams with experienced master installers.
Employees work in teams.
Employees work in the middle of the processes and with customers every day.
Employees work independently while in the field.
Employees work independently, determining their own procedures and making major work decisions.
Employees work independently, or in teams, on an assigned audit schedule or team project.
Employees work issues and family issues are often in conflict.
Employees work long hours, and excitement is in the air.
Employees work off-site, at home or a satellite office, during all or part of their scheduled hours.
Employees work on a commission basis, generating income for themselves.
Employees work on different shifts and at different locations than the incumbent.
Employees work on the bottom of the switches de-energized with the top still energized.
Employees work rotating shifts, weekends, and holidays.
Employees work seven days a week reviewing and rating sites.
Employees work similar hours.
Employees work sites.
Employees work smarter and more efficiently, and thus are more productive.
Employees work the flexibility and freedom with their own personal schedules.
Employees work the required number of hours for a two week period in nine days.
Employees work together to reduce costs and improve quality.
Employees work too hard for too little.
Employees work under award conditions on a permanent part-time basis.
Employees work under general supervision while learning job tasks.
Employees work under moderate administrative and limited technical supervision.
Employees work under moderate administrative and very limited technical supervision.
Employees work under one company logo one day and a different one the next.
Employees work under the general direction of a supervisor within established policy.
Employees work with a great deal of independence.
Employees work with communities.
Employees work with industries.
Employees work with oil industries.
Employees work with substantial independence, coordinating and completing projects.
Employees work within general rules, regulations, and guidelines.
Employees working after normal business hours feel more secure.
Employees working in teams report decreased job satisfaction.
Employees working in teams report increased pride in their jobs.
Employees working on the inside of a firm are in a better position to know what the firm is doing.
Employees working part-time earn sick leave on a prorated basis.
Employees working shift normally bring their lunch.
Employees working within an agency have several advantages in any competitive processes.
Employees worldwide are key to our success.
Employees worry about their job performance.
Employees always agree with their supervisors, and there are no misunderstandings.
Employees always have the current and accurate document, message and data.
Employees always have to divide their time equitably over a whole patient floor or full caseload.
Employees always know more than their employers.
Employee frequently changes physicians or medical providers.
Employees frequently are reluctant to discuss new ideas with their employers.
Employees frequently associate with vendors or suppliers.
Employees frequently atrophy from feeling empowered to feeling abandoned and powerless.
Employees frequently check their tire pressure to assure recommended air pressure is maintained.
Employees frequently enlist co-workers, friends and family members to participate.
Employees frequently enter the finishing area without proper protective gear.
Employees frequently live in one jurisdiction and work in another.
Employees frequently misunderstand the use of respirators.
Employees frequently receive information about other parts of the organization.
Employees frequently work overnight.
Employee often shows more interest in the cows and milk quality.
Employees often agree with a policy when they understand the risks involved.
Employees often approach new management ideas by simply rolling their eyes.
Employees often are afraid to tell the interviewer how they really feel.
Employees often are involved with the design process.
Employees often become active participants in the business and more engaged in their workplace.
Employees often channel romantic energy to work tasks.
Employees often complain that they have little home life.
Employees often consider pay as a measure of individual achievement and social status.
Employees often face impact, thermal, chemical, physical and electrical hazards.
Employees often fear the unknown even more than the facts.
Employees often feel management is more interested in management than in employees.
Employees often forget what they learned until they are reminded.
Employees often form their own informal groups to share information.
Employees often get little respect.
Employees often give clear signals that something's wrong, that they're running out of alternatives.
Employees often go on pack trips on their day off.
Employees often have a different picture of who is contributing what to the organization.
Employees often have a wealth of ideas, so ask for their opinions.
Employees often have firsthand knowledge of hazards in the workplace.
Employees often have inside information about work related problems that are unknown to executives.
Employees often have the technical skills needed, but lack necessary people skills.
Employees often hear about something that competitors do better.
Employees often know the ins and outs of some aspects of a business better than the owner does.
Employees often leave acquired companies.
Employees often like to work at home, especially when they are parents of young children.
Employees often look to supervisors for feedback and direction.
Employees often measure the caliber of job candidates by the certifications they have earned.
Employees often misperceive the rewards received by others. .
Employees often miss the most important pieces of information.
Employees often order from convenient but higher-priced suppliers.
Employees often own shares in the company.
Employees often perceive the process as unfair and arbitrary.
Employees often place multiple requests with different individuals to ensure timely delivery.
Employees often place their own lives on the back burner in order to complete a particular task.
Employees often reveal trade secrets inadvertently.
Employees often rotate through microscope workstations.
Employees often see only a small part of an organization's total picture.
Employees often share accommodations to save money.
Employees often sit for hours, working in cramped offices for low pay.
Employees often stick their fingers into the open end of the tubes to stream off the wrap.
Employees often think that their job is to protect the company from the customer.
Employees often travel to their favorite web sites on company time.
Employees often value the insurance more if they are aware of the cost.
Employees often wear t-shirts and jeans or shorts with tennis shoes or sandals.
Employees sometimes find that a job requirement conflicts with their sincere religious beliefs.
Employees sometimes get one romantic night out with their spouse-on the company s tab.
Employees sometimes have personal problems that impact work performance or general well-being.
Employees sometimes invest in their company's stock out of loyalty.
Employees sometimes react irrationally and lawsuits are a risk.
Employees sometimes sign releases as part of severance agreements with their employers.
Employees sometimes take their lunch there.
Employees sometimes work weekends.
Employee usually serves one older adult at a time.
Employees usually control investments.
Employees usually develop personal relationships with their co-workers.
Employees usually do most of the work to set up and maintain the volunteering programme.
Employees usually do the work themselves.
Employees usually do work that is an integral part of their employer's business.
Employees usually give their best when the work environment is warm, inviting and comfortable.
Employees usually have a review and addition of health insurance.
Employees usually have questions about their work.
Employees usually have their business and travel expenses paid by their employer.
Employees usually have tools provided by their employer.
Employees usually have ultimate choice of provider.
Employees usually leave their jobs to pursue a dream.
Employees usually perform their work in the order set by their employer.
Employees usually receive only a portion of potential.
Employees usually submit regular reports to their employer.
Employees usually suffer anxiety and depression due to continuous pain.
Employees usually welcome enlightened change.
Employees usually work at their employer's place of business.
Employees usually work for one employer.
Employees usually work for one firm at a time.
Employees usually work for only one company.
Employees usually work for their employer rather than the general public.
Employees usually work forty hours a week for their employer.
Employees usually work under close supervision and are told when, where, and how to do their work.
Employees usually work under general supervision.
All employee are eligible to participate in the savings plan.
All employee have the right to work in a safe environment, be free of threats and violence.
All employees access is password-protected.
All employees accrue one day of sick leave credit for each month of completed service.
All employees also can also see outside in some fashion, another change from the previous space.
All employees also have medical benefits.
All employees also have the right to report any complaints through the grievance procedure.
All employees also undergo annual performance reviews and receive feedback quarterly.
All employees are a part of the system and ultimately are the system.
All employees are able to share information with other personnel.
All employees are accountable for occupational safety and health in their area of responsibility.
All employees are active photographers with advanced degrees in the field.
All employees are also subject to immediate dismissal if found to be reading any material.
All employees are at the same level.
All employees are aware of policies.
All employees are bonded and insured, including worker's compensation if they are hurt on the job.
All employees are bonded and insured.
All employees are bonded, as well as insured, for workman's compensation and malpractice.
All employees are bonded, insured and regularly supervised by a qualified professional.
All employees are bonded.
All employees are committed to customer satisfaction, process management and continuous improvement.
All employees are committed to offering nothing less than total satisfaction to our customers.
All employees are committed to total quality and continuous improvement.
All employees are dedicated fanatics of cars and in-car entertainment.
All employees are diverse and able to perform a variety of jobs.
All employees are eligible .
All employees are eligible and can enroll at any time.
All employees are eligible and encouraged to join.
All employees are eligible at their date of hire.
All employees are eligible for a private healthcare scheme.
All employees are eligible for all training programs and benefits offered by the college.
All employees are eligible for an annual performance bonus.
All employees are eligible for an employee stock option plan as well as other excellent benefits.
All employees are eligible for annual cost of living adjustment.
All employees are eligible for annual, performance-based merit increases.
All employees are eligible for direct deposit.
All employees are eligible for employee discounts on playing pool, food and drinks.
All employees are eligible for free work station assessment.
All employees are eligible for group life insurance by payroll deduction.
All employees are eligible for holiday benefits.
All employees are eligible for membership in the credit union.
All employees are eligible for membership.
All employees are eligible for paid sick leave up to six days per calendar year.
All employees are eligible for plan payments.
All employees are eligible for reward and recognition awards.
All employees are eligible for Sales commissions and annual bonuses.
All employees are eligible for stock option consideration.
All employees are eligible for the awards except senior managers.
All employees are eligible for the same number of paid holidays.
All employees are eligible for the tuition reimbursement program.
All employees are eligible from their date of hire to participate in the Supplemental Plan.
All employees are eligible immediately to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan .
All employees are eligible immediately.
All employees are eligible on the first day of work.
All employees are eligible regardless of their health plan.
All employees are eligible to apply immediately upon the first day of employment.
All employees are eligible to be nominated by their co-workers and supervisors.
All employees are eligible to become members of a credit union.
All employees are eligible to begin participation on the first day of any pay period.
All employees are eligible to enroll in a health benefits plan, with a few exceptions.
All employees are eligible to enroll in a Tax Sheltered Annuity Plan .
All employees are eligible to enroll.
All employees are eligible to enter into salary reduction agreements for tax-deferred annuities.
All employees are eligible to join one of the group plans for individual or family coverage.
All employees are eligible to join one of three full service credit unions, at any time.
All employees are eligible to join upon employment.
All employees are eligible to meet with a career consultant.
All employees are eligible to obtain vaccination, free of cost.
All employees are eligible to participate in an employee paid group dental insurance plan.
All employees are eligible to participate in direct deposit.
All employees are eligible to participate regardless of timebase.
All employees are eligible to participate.
All employees are eligible to purchase a discount permit.
All employees are eligible to purchase one employee permit.
All employees are eligible to purchase savings bonds through payroll deductions.
All employees are eligible to purchase stock at our quarterly trades.
All employees are eligible to purchase stock on an equal basis.
All employees are eligible to receive a cellular phone discount through an agent.
All employees are eligible to receive worker's compensation for job-related injuries or illnesses.
All employees are eligible to submit nominations.
All employees are eligible, on a voluntary basis, for certain types of health insurance.
All employees are eligible.
All employees are full-time.
All employees are highly encouraged to attend.
All employees are highly experienced, as well as factory trained and certified.
All employees are highly skilled engineers and scientists.
All employees are human beings and some produce more than others.
All employees are immediately eligible.
All employees are in full time positions with varying days of service per year.
All employees are in the unclassified service.
All employees are investors in the company.
All employees are involved and it can be used to create work teams and group interaction.
All employees are involved in making recommendations and participate in correcting hazards.
All employees are involved in marketing, no matter what their position.
All employees are knowledgeable and courteous.
All employees are members of the club.
All employees are now in compliance with all mandated training.
All employees are on a probationary period of three months.
All employees are on teams and the idea of management has changed.
All employees are primarily responsible for determining and achieving their work life solutions.
All employees are problem solvers.
All employees are randomly drug tested to ensure safe and reliable service.
All employees are really in the same boat.
All employees are responsible for adherence to the UCSD health and safety standards.
All employees are responsible for and are urged to participate in quality improvement activities.
All employees are responsible for complying with the prohibition against workplace discrimination.
All employees are responsible for following quality procedures.
All employees are responsible for maintaining a work and study environment free from harassment.
All employees are responsible for maintaining quality standards and requirements.
All employees are responsible for performing their assigned duties in the safest manner possible.
All employees are responsible for quality improvement.
All Employees are responsible for quality improvement.
All employees are responsible for reading and applying the attached information.
All employees are responsible for reporting all accidents.
All employees are responsible for reporting any incidents that they believe to be sexual harassment.
All employees are responsible for reporting any possible dishonest or fraudulent activity.
All employees are responsible for the settlement of their own parking or traffic violations.
All employees are responsible for their cable TV and telephone.
All employees are responsible for their own safety and that of co-workers.
All employees are responsible for their own safety and the safety of others.
All employees are responsible for working and acting safely.
All employees are responsible to know the rules and safe job procedures for the work they perform.
All employees are responsible to pay for a portion of their health care benefit coverage.
All employees are safety conscious.
All employees are shareholders in the company.
All employees are stakeholders.
All employees are stewards of the public trust.
All employees are subject to a mandatory drug test.
All employees are subject to a two week trial period.
All employees are subject to back injury in the workplace.
All employees are subject to corrective counseling.
All employees are subject to preemployment drug testing.
All employees are subject to random drug testing.
All employees are subject to review each year prior to any decision about contract renewals.
All employees are subject to secrecy and confidentiality agreements.
All employees are subject to testing when reasonable suspicion of drug or alcohol abuse exists.
All employees are subject to the following testing.
All employees are subject to the Worker s Compensation Laws of Virginia.
All employees are taxpayers.
All employees are to be provided formal, written annual performance evaluations when due.
All employees are to be treated equally.
All employees are to report for work at their regularly scheduled time.
All employees are totally committed to excellent service.
All employees are trained cabinet makers, with many years experience.
All employees are ultimately responsible to the CEO through the hospital organizational structure.
All employees are under a confidentiality agreement.
All employees are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All employees are welcome and encouraged to join.
All employees are welcome at the resource fair.
All employees are welcome to attend and bring a bag lunch.
All employees are welcome to attend, regardless of their insurance coverage.
All employees are welcome to attend.
All employees are welcome to participate by walking or sponsoring someone who is walking.
All employees are welcome to participate in any session.
All employees are welcome to plant, cultivate and take home sample from the garden for personal use.
All employees are welcome to reserve the vacation properties for their personal use.
All employees are welcome to view the broadcast.
All employees are welcome.
All employees attend a week of training and detailed company orientation.
All employees attend annual product seminars and training.
All employees attend workshops on diversity and on prevention of sexual harassment.
All employees be eligible for reimbursement for the purchase of work boots and protective footwear.
All employees be subject to random drug testing.
All employees bear the responsibility to pull it if they see a defect.
All employees become eligible for enrollment the first of the month following employment.
All employees become participants in our retirement plans after one hour of employment.
All employees begin as entry level processors and work their way up from there.
All employees begin with a six-month probationary period.
All employees benefit from union.
ALL employees benefit from work-life policies, programs and services.
All employees can articulate the organization's major goals.
All employees can be participants when organisations are defining their PIEs.
All employees can expect a COLA increase every year.
All employees can give examples of management's commitment to safety and health.
All employees can look up words on the company intranet or extranet, or on any website.
All employees can participate in our stock option plan.
All employees can participate in the stock option plan.
All employees can receive FREE basic Internet service.
All employees can report at any time what their productivity is and how it compares against goals.
All employees can review all other employees anonymously and view and print only their own review.
All employees can see it and be aware of the corporate mission and goals.
All employees can subscribe on-line or by phone.
All employees can then work towards fulfilling the company vision.
All employees carry current medical credentials.
All employees commit to making customers first and sharing happiness and smiles.
All employees commit to pursuing the initiatives.
All Employees Communication to all employees is the most difficult type.
All employees contribute a copay toward the cost of the premium.
All employees contribute to that goal.
All employees covered by PERS are eligible to attend a retirement workshop.
All employees deserve a safe workplace.
All employees deserve a tequila shot at the end of their shift.
All employees do sign contracts at least annually.
All employees earn four hours of sick leave each pay period.
All employees earn one day of sick time for each month of employment.
All employees easily understand targeting customers by volume and number of accounts.
All employees eat together and are served the same food.
All employees enjoy their work, finding it satisfying and in line with their personal values.
All employees get company paid life and disability insurance coverage.
All employees get free parking.
All employees get the same percentage of pay set aside their accounts.
All employees have a background check with the state before they begin work.
All employees have a financial interest in the company.
All employees have a legal right to be protected from work related risks.
All employees have a responsibility to be professional, courteous, respectful and friendly.
All employees have a responsibility to promote safety in the workplace.
All employees have a right and a moral responsibility to report improper actions and omissions.
All employees have a right to work in a discrimination-free environment.
All employees have a right to work in an environment free of sexual harassment.
All employees have a vested interest in ensuring the success of the company.
All employees have a voice-mail messaging system on their office phones.
All employees have access to a fully equipped on-site exercise facility.
All employees have access to the unclassified electronic libraries.
All employees have access to voicemail.
All employees have an employee number and name.
All employees have an opportunity to belong to the sick leave bank.
All employees have an opportunity to change plans during an open enrollment period held each year.
All employees have automatic coverage for qualifying periods of unemployment.
All employees have basic responsibilities.
All employees have easy access to all levels of management.
All employees have easy access to computers and use of the Internet.
All employees have either a view outside or into the atrium, which is flooded with natural light.
All employees have employment contracts.
All employees have equal access to their peer support system.
All employees have equal opportunity for any job for which they are qualified.
All employees have experience and a desire to interact with children.
All employees have experience working on educational facility projects.
All employees have federal income tax and social security tax deducted each pay period.
All employees have full library privileges.
All employees have higher education.
All employees have Internet access, e-mail, and voice mail.
All employees have personal voice mail boxes.
All employees have position numbers.
All employees have remote access to the campus.
All employees have strengths, but they also have weaknesses.
All employees have the authority to make decisions within the scope of their responsibilities.
All employees have the essential skills to perform their functions in a contributory fashion.
All employees have the highest standards of honesty and integrity.
All employees have the latest and greatest technology toys.
All employees have the opportunity to network with their peers during training.
All employees have the opportunity to purchase life, disability, dental, and health insurance.
All employees have the option of receiving a meal card.
All employees have the option to participate in our direct deposit payroll program.
All employees have the responsibility of supporting such an environment.
All employees have the responsibility to comply with health and safety rules.
All employees have the responsibility to report suspected fraud.
All employees have the right to . . .
All employees have the right to file a position classification appeal at any time.
All employees have the right to health insurance.
All employees have the right to resign at any time, for any reason, with or without cause.
All employees have the right to work in an environment free from harassment.
All employees have the same employment rights and obligations.
All employees have the same opportunities for promotion.
All employees have the same right to a safe workplace.
All employees have the same rights and obligations.
All employees have the same vacation benefits and insurance plans.
All employees have their pay directly deposited into one or more of their accounts.
All employees have to be insured for accidents during working hours.
All employees have to be vetted.
All employees have unlimited access to the company's books and are trained to read balance sheets.
All Employees Identify ways to improve processes and inform process owners.
All employees including managers attend a one day equal opportunities briefing course.
All employees including the president are subject to random drug tests.
All employees learn about our culture, our business and our products.
All employees learn about services available to all.
All employees leave the area.
All employees live with roommates to relieve the economic strain of living on minimum wage.
All employees make quality their number-one priority each and every day.
All Employees Make sure their business travel expenses are reasonable and within authorized limits.
All employees meet the health and safety standards required for licensure.
All employees meet, and then each fill in the amount they want to work, going in order of seniority.
All employees now have direct phone numbers.
All employees occasionally think about the potential benefits of unionization.
All employees openly express ideas that are welcome.
All employees owe a duty of loyalty to Deaconess.
All employees participate in a profit sharing program.
All employees participate in a retirement plan, and are provided health and life insurance.
All employees participate in intensive safety orientations and annual interactive training sessions.
All employees participate in interactive ethics program.
All employees participate in ongoing inservice education.
All employees participate in our improvement in quality, cost control and productivity.
All employees participate in the program and receive safety training throughout their employment.
All employees participate in variable compensation programs.
All employees pay contribution to national pension fund.
All employees pay the same amount for insurance coverage.
All employees pay the same premium for their insurance coverage.
All employees pay the same rate regardless of age, gender, or health status.
All employees perform multiple jobs with the exception of aircraft maintenance personnel.
All employees perform other related duties.
All employees place a small stool into the van body.
All employees possess at least a dive-master rating and maintain three certificates in gear repair.
All employees receive a copy of the minutes.
All employees receive a copy of the Public Officers Law upon employment.
All employees receive a discount at selected restaurants.
All Employees receive a discount on cafeteria meals.
All employees receive a gift equivalent to a month's salary as an annual festival gift.
All employees receive a monthly parking allowance.
All employees receive a personal financial statement of their compensation and benefits annually.
All employees receive a photo ID with keycard functions for access to certain facilities as needed.
All employees receive an annual performance appraisal prior to the end of the fiscal year.
All employees receive an equal number of holiday hours each year.
All employees receive an orientation training that includes recycling and waste reduction practices.
All employees receive at least one performance review each year.
All employees receive commission and performance related bonuses.
All employees receive discounts on veterinary care pet supplies, dog training, pet food.
All employees receive diversity training during orientation.
All employees receive ergonomics training within the first few weeks of employment.
All employees receive free health insurance, dental care, paid vacation days and paid sick days.
All employees receive identical pay, benefits and advancement opportunities.
All employees receive key extracts from the business plan.
All employees receive one.
All employees receive ongoing training and supervision from management.
All employees receive paid Competency Based Training.
All employees receive security and privacy training.
All employees receive statutory benefits.
All employees receive such compensation as is fixed by the legislature.
All employees receive the same benefits as corporate members.
All employees receive training on proper freight-handling procedures.
All employees receive training on sexual harassment twice a year.
All employees receive training regarding the importance of safeguarding customer information.
All employees receive two days of training prior to involvement in operations.
All employees record their hours in an online time sheet.
All employees remain responsible to perform their jobs satisfactorily.
All employees report at regular time.
ALL employees report to work at their regularly scheduled time.
All employees require a certain level of Internet skills to be literate in today's online society.
All employees require certain basic skills and principles to perform their jobs.
All employees share a room with fellow employees.
All employees share a room with one or more fellow employees.
All employees share in the responsibility for adhering to and enforcing the policy.
All employees share responsibility, take ownership in the process, and are accountable.
All employees share the company s success by joint.
All employees share the responsibility to maintain an accurate inventory.
All employees share the responsibility to make and keep the workplace safe.
All employees show up.
All employees speak english.
All employees stand for the duration of the task.
All employees take an active role in participating in the assessments.
All employees take an annual physical fitness test.
All employees take part in energy saving activities.
All employees teach swimming to persons or classes in various stages of proficiency.
All employees treat clients and fellow employees in a professional manner.
All employees undergo a background screening process to ensure of compliance to exemplary standards.
All employees undergo a rigorous selection procedure.
All employees undergo continuous training in quality assurance, new technology and safety.
All employees undergo extensive training.
All employees understand the importance of corporate profitability.
All employees understand, and have signed, the corporate nondisclosure agreements.
All employees use information in their daily work.
All employees use tools, from office equipment to industrial machinery.
All employees value the safety and health of co-workers and the public.
All employees wash hands with an approved antibacterial soap.
All employees wash their hands upon exiting from the containment area of the facility.
All employees wear gloves for all procedures including cleaning and sterilizing instruments.
All employees wear protective clothing and eyewear.
All employees wear scrubs and there is a uniform allowance.
All employees work days, nights and weekends.
All employees work in a safe and healthy work environment.
All employees work in the system created by management.
All employees work under good conditions.
All employees working for the City of Newark are subject to regular performance evaluations.
All employees working in Montgomery County are eligible.
All employees working within the same job category earn the same wage.
Any employee assaulted by a student is required to report it to the appropriate authorities.
Any employee can do any job.
Any employee can encounter an on the job injury.
Any employee can give a Helping Hand Award to a colleague as a special recognition.
Any employee can identify which seats are available at any time.
Any employee can nominate colleague for the award.
Any employee can participate.
Any employee can rent hardware to a customer with an appropriate deposit.
Any employee can request an alternative work arrangement.
Any employee can use it, but no customers.
Any employee can walk in and look up anyone else's wages and bonus.
Any employee deserves better treatment than the coach has been given.
Any employee desiring to park an automobile on campus is required to purchase a parking permit.
Any employee finding a flawed product has complete authority to remove the item from production.
Any employee has the authority to verbally warn a student.
Any employee has the option to purchase tax-sheltered annuities.
Any employee has the right to file a grievance under the grievance procedure.
Any employee has the right, without prejudice, to initiate a grievance procedure.
Any employee is able to stop work if a hazardous condition or unsafe work practice is observed.
Any employee is eligible for commuter parking.
Any employee is eligible for extended military leave.
Any employee is eligible for registration under the scheme, including part-time workers.
Any employee is eligible to attend.
Any employee is eligible to be nominated.
Any employee is eligible to become a member of the blood insurance program.
Any employee is entitled to serve on a jury without any deduction from wages.
Any employee receiving personal property at the workplace does so at their own risk.
Any employee working at least fifty percent is eligible for insurance.
Any employee working for another person also has employment issues.
Every employee approaches each job with that attitude.
Every employee assumes responsibility for maintaining standards of exemplary professional conduct.
Every employee attends the two-day training sessions every year.
Every employee attends training sessions every week.
Every employee can complain on the networks or share personal experiences.
Every employee can easily enter their times even if they come and go several times a day.
Every employee can help make our workplace a safe and healthy environment.
Every employee can use it, yet the company controls access levels.
Every employee contributes and has a chance to make an impact.
Every employee deserves a workplace where hazards are identified and controlled.
Every employee deserves an expectation of a career path.
Every employee feels empowered and a part of something special.
Every employee gets free medical care.
Every employee gets stock options.
Every employee has a degree of loyalty for their employer.
Every employee has a mentor.
Every employee has a new set of responsibilities in the corporate community.
Every employee has a responsibility to report suspected child abuse or neglect.
Every employee has a responsibility to support management.
Every employee has a right to file a grievance over decisions or conditions affecting employment.
Every employee has a right to grieve decisions or conditions affecting employment.
Every employee has a right to report sexual harassment without fear of reprisal.
Every employee has a right to speak out on the issues facing the community and the nation.
Every employee has a role to ensure that our customers are satisfied every time.
Every employee has a stapler.
Every employee has a voice and an opportunity to help shape the company every day.
Every employee has a well-defined role, responsibility and function to insure a successful job.
Every employee has ambitions for a better quality of life.
Every employee has an account with the purser's office on board, where their earnings accumulate .
Every employee has an impact on quality.
Every employee has an important position.
Every employee has an important role in quality improvement and customer delight.
Every employee has an individual role to play to better serve the customer.
Every employee has an opportunity to participate and contribute.
Every employee has certain individual rights.
Every employee has customers whether they be internal or external.
Every employee has customers.
Every employee has different opinions and views.
Every employee has different preferences.
Every employee has E-mail.
Every employee has special needs, interests, values, and personal goals.
Every employee has specific rights granted by state and federal agencies in the workplace.
Every employee has stock options and is invested in the future of the firm.
Every employee has the constitutional right to seek and hold publicoffice.
Every employee has the opportunity to have a positive impact on our business.
Every employee has the option to elect dental insurance.
Every employee has the right to a safe work environment.
Every employee has the right to a workplace free from occupational safety and health hazards.
Every employee has the right to a workplace free of harassment.
Every employee has the right to become a member and every member has one vote.
Every employee has the right to confidentiality.
Every employee has the right to expect payment of wages owed for work performed by the employer.
Every employee has the right to refuse to take the barium meal X-ray.
Every employee has the right to work in an environment free of hostility.
Every employee hates surprises.
Every employee hears from Southwest one way or another at least five times per year.
Every employee here is a telecommuter from the day they're hired.
Every employee is a businessperson.
Every employee is a caring compassionate, responsible educator who is committed to student success.
Every employee is a highly valuable member of the treatment team.
Every employee is a licensed private investigator.
Every employee is a master of many operations.
Every employee is a profit center or a cost center.
Every employee is a respected and valued member of the team.
Every employee is a salesperson.
Every employee is a shareholder in the company, so all want to achieve the same results.
Every employee is a shining star at one time or another.
Every employee is a stockholder.
Every employee is able to halt the production line in the event of a problem.
Every employee is accountable to the public and to act in a responsible and professional manner.
Every employee is actually a volunteer.
Every employee is an equal partner in the process.
Every employee is an individual human being-unique and special in that person's own way.
Every employee is an individual, with specific needs, hopes, fears and problems.
Every employee is an inspector, and inspects their work at every stage of manufacture.
Every employee is an owner.
Every employee is asked to keep a list of emergency contact people in their personnel file.
Every employee is asked to participate and can select whom to use as raters.
Every employee is assigned an identification number.
Every employee is associated with a particular business.
Every employee is committed to achieving the highest standard of customer satisfaction.
Every employee is committed to meeting customer requirements.
Every employee is considered a member of our company team.
Every employee is covered by an employment contract of one kind or another.
Every employee is dedicated to giving our readers and advertisers a commitment of excellence.
Every employee is empowered to assist in the growth and guidance of the company.
Every employee is empowered to improve quality standards through training and team development.
Every employee is empowered to stop any project if a safety issue is in question.
Every employee is encouraged to attend.
Every employee is encouraged to obtain relevant training.
Every employee is encouraged to take a meal break.
Every employee is enrolled in vision insurance.
Every employee is entitled to a statement of the terms and conditions of their employment.
Every employee is entitled to employment free of sexual harassment.
Every employee is entitled to work in an environment free from sexual harassment or coercion.
Every employee is entitled to work in an environment free from sexual orientation discrimination.
Every employee is entrusted with a key to the company.
Every employee is essential.
Every employee is evaluated at least once per year and no more than twice per year.
Every employee is given the opportunity to be a leader.
Every employee is guaranteed the right to refuse to join, or to join, an employee organization.
Every employee is held accountable for all policies and procedures.
Every employee is important and deserves to be treated fairly with consideration and respect.
Every employee is important and every person is important.
Every employee is important to our success.
Every employee is involved and rewarded for participation.
Every employee is involved in sales and excellent service means increased sales.
Every employee is liability insured.
Every employee is linked to a national computer network and to the Internet.
Every employee is paid an hourly wage along with quality production bonuses.
Every employee is provided with one of the finest compensation packages in the industry.
Every employee is quality driven, from senior managers to laboratory technicians.
Every employee is recognized and treated as an important member of our professional team.
Every employee is reference checked and supervised on an ongoing basis.
Every employee is reference checked, insured and bonded.
Every employee is required to document their work and they receive a bonus for accuracy and quality.
Every employee is required to learn and practice what it takes to fulfill our goal.
Every employee is required to meet certain standards.
Every employee is required to perform a negative and positive seal check prior to respirator use.
Every employee is required to take Basic Safety Training.
Every employee is responsible for helping prevent discrimination and harassment in the workplace.
Every employee is responsible for helping prevent discrimination in the workplace.
Every employee is responsible for maximizing the company performance to ensure long-term prosperity.
Every employee is salaried.
Every employee is thoroughly familiar with hospital operations and hospital operating data.
Every employee is trained to put quality first.
Every employee is treated as a business partner, and employees are referred to as associates.
Every employee is treated fairly, and with dignity.
Every employee is unique and has their own way of doing things.
Every employee is valued and every customer is treated with respect.
Every employee is valued and treated as a team member.
Every employee is valued because it takes every employee working together to achieve quality.
Every employee is valued.
Every employee is vested with significant responsibility to protect the patient.
Every employee is welcome, as are family and friends.
Every employee knows what our company performance is.
Every employee learns what it takes to get a plane quickly in the air.
Every employee likes to be recognized that they are good at the job they do.
Every employee likes to know how their hard work reflects on the company.
Every employee logs onto the Internet from wherever they're headquartered.
Every employee matters most.
Every employee needs a sense of worth beyond the receiving of a paycheque.
Every employee needs an opportunity to get away from work.
Every employee needs clear conditions of success, and that generally means more than a quota.
Every employee needs to be regarded as a potential security officer.
Every employee needs to express concern for customer needs at all times.
Every employee participates in the company s stock option plan.
Every employee plays a crucial role in extending our reach into new arenas.
Every employee plays a key role and has a varied work load which stimulates self commitment.
Every employee plays an important role in making their agency the best it can be.
Every employee receives a holiday turkey.
Every employee receives more options each year.
Every employee receives stock options.
Every employee receives the same information.
Every employee shares the common goal of commitment to customer satisfaction.
Every employee shares the same commitment to excellence.
Every employee strives to understand and exceed both customers' and co-workers' requirements.
Every employee takes personal responsibility for upholding high standards of customer service.
Every employee undergoes a background check and has periodic health and drug screenings.
Every employee understands that teamwork allows everyone to achieve more.
Every employee understands, values and respects good teamwork.
Every employee uses at least two tokens every day, but there are no takers.
Every employee wants to be liked by other employees.
Every employee working for minimum wage today is affected by continued delays.
Every employee working in the company belongs to a department.
Every employee works for a company located in the same city as the city in which the employee lives.
Every employee works hard to ensure the customer engages in a positive experience.
Many employees advance to become associates of the firm.
Many employees already carry swipecards.
Many employees also feel that the quality of their own units is steadily declining.
Many employees also take advantage of flex time, compressed workweeks and telecommuting.
Many employees answer that question almost unconsciously.
Many employees are active volunteers in schools, charities and emergency relief programs.
Many employees are also musicians.
Many employees are as mobile as our products.
Many employees are familiar with both hospitals and are accustomed to working together.
Many employees are hourly workers.
Many employees are in the same traditional jobs, but are performing different functions.
Many employees are interested in healthy eating.
Many employees are interested in reading about possible UCRP retirement benefit enhancements.
Many employees are laboring under heavy workloads and high expectations, the study's authors say.
Many employees are now armed and ready to face a drug test.
Many employees are party supporters.
Many employees are subject to physical examination prior to beginning employment.
Many employees are technically-oriented engineers who enjoy learning and sharing their knowledge.
Many employees are unaware of their software.
Many employees are upset at perceived mistreatment by management.
Many employees are upset at the change.
Many employees are very satisfied with their jobs.
Many employees are willing to take less pay if medical insurance and other benefits are available.
Many employees are worried about changes within the personnel system itself.
Many employees become permanently disabled.
Many employees believe that driving alone to work provides freedom and convenience.
Many employees believe their employers pay for the insurance they provide.
Many employees can be too free with someone else's money.
Many employees can save a substantial amount.
Many employees can use a payroll deduction plan for charitable donations.
Many employees change jobs because of a perceived lack of opportunity.
Many employees choose their alma mater.
Many employees choose to register early, even before the birth of their babies.
Many employees commute from the surrounding communities.
Many employees complain of too much stress, increased workloads and lack of support from employers.
Many employees confuse unfettered access to the providers of choice with quality.
Many employees consider payroll deduction a valuable fringe benefit.
Many employees currently walk around our parking lot at lunch.
Many employees deal with stressful situations in their jobs.
Many employees depend on tips to feed their families.
Many employees desire to be involved in various humanitarian outreach programs.
Many employees do word processing, computer work, craft work, or assembly at home.
Many employees enjoy a flexible or compressed work schedule.
Many employees equate reengineering with down-sizing, a reduction in the workforce.
Many employees even ride bikes to work.
Many employees face a stark choice between accepting illegal conditions or being sacked.
Many employees face criticism if there is a phone call from a family member during working hours.
Many employees feed meters that take up on-street parking spots.
Many employees feel disconnected and disaffected.
Many employees feel the loss of credibility and trust in their employers.
Many employees feel they have tried to make improvements but the system restricts their efforts.
Many employees feel they lost their role as part of management.
Many employees file a designation of beneficiary form and never think about it again.
Many employees find a wrist rest helpful.
Many employees find it rewarding to be trusted enough to make important decisions.
Many employees find that the latest reorganisation is under way before the last one is completed.
Many employees find themselves with new responsibilities as a result of the changes.
Many employees go that extra mile to dazzle the customer.
Many employees graduate with English, history and government degrees.
Many employees grant benefits, such as health care insurance, to married-spouses of employees.
Many employees have different work shift starting and ending times.
Many employees have difficulty affording the constant increases.
Many employees have difficulty finding the right health provider.
Many employees have fuzzy but generally correct understanding about how stock works.
Many employees have numerous benefits options from which to select.
Many employees have only one plan offered as an employer sponsored plan.
Many employees have personal loyalties to previous management.
Many employees have several manuals on their desk.
Many employees have their own room.
Many employees have their paychecks deposited directly to their bank.
Many employees have trouble hearing a complaint as feedback.
Many employees have wireless phones.
Many employees job hop between projects.
Many employees keep binoculars at their desks.
Many employees leave because they want to tackle new tasks, responsibilities or projects.
Many employees leave, realizing what is happening to their old jobs.
Many employees live from paycheck to paycheck.
Many employees look to their union to either protect their full time job, or create new ones.
Many employees love to write their friends emails, or play computer games on company time.
Many employees make lifelong friends onboard our vessels.
Many employees never read their company's personnel policy.
Many employees now have access to the organization s databases.
Many employees now have access to the organizations databases.
Many employees now work at home and use the Internet to send information to work.
Many employees operate out of home offices.
Many employees participate as mentors, tutors, and speakers at partner schools nationwide.
Many employees pay exorbitant rent or have four-hour commutes.
Many employees pay far too much income tax on their stock options without realizing it.
Many employees prefer going to the office and have no interest in teleworking.
Many employees prefer their own attorney over the employer's.
Many employees prefer to remain above the cesspool of politics.
Many employees put in regular hours and are paid overtime if extra work is required.
Many employees quit, causing additional concerns on the part of management.
Many employees react to discipline with anger, embarrassment, humiliation, resentment, and so on.
Many employees refuse to work night shift because of Homer.
Many employees regard their jobs as an extension of family.
Many employees remain uneducated about their company's employee monitoring and filtering policies.
Many employees resign from their current employer without carefully evaluating the value of staying.
Many employees rush to cash in their stock options as soon as they can.
Many employees say it is irresponsible to ignore good information from other employees.
Many employees see and know how much money their bosses make.
Many employees spend the better part of their days and much of their evenings at work.
Many employees stereotype older workers as inflexible and undesirable.
Many employees still are more comfortable with paper than with electronic records.
Many employees still paying off student loans are eager to try to qualify for the repayments.
Many employees take company supplies, equipment, and even the manufactured product.
Many employees take in live music shows on a regular basis.
Many employees telework only once or twice per week.
Many employees tend to equate market sentiments with their company's prospects.
Many employees think their jobs are hobbies rather than work.
Many employees think very highly of themselves.
Many employees travel frequently among the corporate offices.
Many employees understandably find it difficult to stand up to their employer as a lone individual.
Many employees use an extended pinch grip to perform a one handed transfer of lighter boxes.
Many employees use the Internet and intranets daily as tools in their work.
Many employees utilize the company bike rack after riding their bike to work in the morning.
Many employees view benefits like entitlements.
Many employees visit customers and attend trade shows and events in countries around the globe.
Many employees volunteer their time during the school day, subject to supervisory approval.
Many employees work at headquarters in Baton Rouge.
Many employees work behind the scenes to contribute to the healing process.
Many employees work for companies for decades with good reviews.
Many employees work for less.
Many employees work in areas of buildings where they are alone at any given time.
Many employees work on a project by project basis.
More employees can afford to buy dependent coverage under the employer's health insurance plan.
More employees can participate in the company event without increasing travel expenditures.
More employees fire their employer than employers fire employees.
More employees participate when the company covers it.
Most employees act as managers.
Most employees actually have more control of expenses than they do of revenue.
Most employees address each other by their titles.
Most employees already have the general skills to perform their duties when hired.
Most employees apply skills.
Most employees are also shareholders of our company.
Most employees are capable of exercising autonomy and independence on the job.
Most employees are essentially honest.
Most employees are great at communicating one on one, or in a small group.
Most employees are honest, and they want to believe that their coworkers are the same way.
Most employees are in stable, long-term employment relationships.
Most employees are mobile, unionized, blue-collar workers.
Most employees are more costly and more difficult to locate.
Most employees are responsible for laundering their own clothing.
Most employees are responsible for some skills, other than management duties.
Most employees are their families' primary wage carrier.
Most employees are too scared to fill out surveys and questionnaires.
Most employees are trained on customer services.
Most employees are trained on services.
Most employees are under insured.
Most employees are willing to have fun.
Most employees are young, highly educated, professional workers.
Most employees arrive at places.
Most employees arrive at sites.
Most employees believe they are treated fairly.
Most employees bring prepared meals or fix lunches and dinners in the office's complete kitchen.
Most employees bring their lunch.
Most employees bring their lunches and eat at the office.
Most employees bring their own meals.
Most employees can access the Internet at work at much higher speeds than at home.
Most employees can dispose of one or two full cartons.
Most employees can easily take orders with less than an hour of training.
Most employees can qualify even if they sign up after the initial enrollment period.
Most employees can use the offices at no cost.
Most employees charge state expenses on their credit cards.
Most employees choose collective bargaining in the hope they'll get a contract.
Most employees complain of circumstances.
Most employees complain of suspicious circumstances.
Most employees contact experts.
Most employees contact fingerprint experts.
Most employees create career development goals.
Most employees create conditions.
Most employees create goals.
Most employees create more realistic goals.
Most employees create realistic goals.
Most employees create unsafe conditions.
Most employees deal with problems.
Most employees dislike the risk and uncertainty associated with having a fluctuating income.
Most employees do good jobs.
Most employees do jobs.
Most employees do want to please their employers.
Most employees embrace change if they have a voice in planning it.
Most employees expect vision and leadership from their CEO along with the ability to manage.
Most employees experience events.
Most employees face a difficult period in the first few months of a new job.
Most employees feel an intense commitment to the company.
Most employees feel anonymous in the organization.
Most employees feel job demands are excessive.
Most employees find it's more fun to accumulate points and pick a reward.
Most employees follow performance.
Most employees form trade unions.
Most employees form unions.
Most employees gain experience.
Most employees get feedback.
Most employees get input.
Most employees hate the process of collecting unpaid bills.
Most employees have a desire to do a good job and to please their boss.
Most employees have a fervent desire for information about their performance.
Most employees have administrators.
Most employees have anziety about being evaluated, especially with forms.
Most employees have appendices.
Most employees have cell phones.
Most employees have email addresses.
Most employees have exposure.
Most employees have goals.
Most employees have group life insurance coverage through the pension plan while employed.
Most employees have Internet access for informational purposes.
Most employees have issues.
Most employees have it easy from a retirement standpoint.
Most employees have many options.
Most employees have opportunity.
Most employees have other jobs throughout the plant on other days or nights of the week.
Most employees have other jobs,making day time help hardest to find.
Most employees have performance reviews once a year.
Most employees have permanent job appointments.
Most employees have phones.
Most employees have realistic goals.
Most employees have realistic job goals.
Most employees have rights.
Most employees have roles.
Most employees have services.
Most employees have several years of survey experience.
Most employees have vital roles.
Most employees have voice mail, so please leave a message.
Most employees improve current job performance.
Most employees improve job performance.
Most employees improve performance.
Most employees interact with suppliers.
Most employees intrinsically buy into the principles of employee involvement.
Most employees keep jobs.
Most employees know that it can be 'career-limiting' to give the boss that kind of news.
Most employees know very little about what other jobs are paid and how rates of pay are determined.
Most Employees learn desktop applications via trial and error.
Most employees learn rules.
Most employees leave companies.
Most employees leave departments.
Most employees leave organizations.
Most employees like it.
Most employees make decisions.
Most employees make effort.
Most employees make faith effort.
Most employees make good faith effort.
Most employees make right decisions.
Most employees meet duties.
Most employees meet general requirements.
Most employees meet goals.
Most employees meet qualification requirements.
Most employees meet requirements.
Most employees meet tests.
Most employees never think about it until disaster strikes.
Most employees now earn the minimum wage.
Most employees only claim the basic personal tax credit for which no update is required.
Most employees pay by payroll deduction, wherein renewal is automatic.
Most employees pay little attention to grand strategic plans and lofty vision statements.
Most employees pay their fair share of taxes, too.
Most employees perform activities.
Most employees perform at high levels.
Most employees perform at levels.
Most employees perform duties.
Most employees perform jobs.
Most employees prefer the day shift.
Most employees provide opportunity.
Most employees provide services.
Most employees purchase many insurance policies.
Most employees purposefully waste time and avoid work occasionally.
Most employees pursue activities.
Most employees raise concern.
Most employees raise safety concern.
Most employees read books.
Most employees receive an updated statement at least once a year.
Most employees receive assistance.
Most employees receive benefits.
Most employees receive employment services.
Most employees receive full pension rights after five years on the job.
Most employees receive great benefits.
Most employees receive jobs.
Most employees receive monetary compensation for their efforts.
Most employees receive off-duty skiing privileges.
Most employees receive rules.
Most employees receive services.
Most employees receive the general increase regardless of position in relation to the market rate.
Most employees receive their checks by direct deposit.
Most employees receive their paycheck at the end of each month.
Most employees rely on individual employment contracts.
Most employees request duties.
Most employees respond to workplace change in one of three ways.
Most employees retire in their fifties.
Most employees say they do.
Most employees see managers simply as someone with whom they work.
Most employees see opportunity.
Most employees see their culture as more relevant than business results.
Most employees starting a new job want to do the right thing.
Most employees stay in bunkhouses provided by the employer.
Most employees successfully pass the probationary period and become permanent staff.
Most employees take applications.
Most employees take appropriate steps.
Most employees take jobs.
Most employees take journeys.
Most employees take notes.
Most employees take personal vacation time.
Most employees take pride.
Most employees take six months to a year before they reach the place where they can work alone.
Most employees take steps.
Most employees take the passive approach and do nothing for fear of getting on the boss's bad side.
Most employees telework one or two days per week.
Most employees telework one to three days a week.
Most employees think they deserve a raise based on their skills.
Most employees try to improve immediately after an evaluation.
Most employees try to work within the system in their particular agency.
Most employees understand importance.
Most employees understand the value of tax-deferral with their retirement accounts.
Most employees use appropriate hazard information.
Most employees use information.
Most employees use the hand as the clamp to hold the part being worked on.
Most employees use the internet regularly and can proficiently navigate in a Web browser.
Most employees view the Internet as an extension of the bulletin board.
Most employees walk a tightrope to manage the time demands of career and family.
Most employees wear aprons.
Most employees wear shoes.
Most employees wear uniforms of coordinating wardrobe pieces that can be mixed and matched.
Most employees welcome the opportunity if given the chance.
Most employees welcome the opportunity to tackle new challenges and expand job responsibilities.
Most employees work at offices.
Most employees work for a period of six to nine months with one to two months off.
Most employees work hard, and their performance is considered good or even exceptional.
Most employees work in environments.
Most employees work sites.
Most employees work with communities.
Most employees work with industries.
Most employees work with oil industries.
Some employees access information.
Some employees access such information.
Some employees address aspects.
Some employees adopt from the list on their own.
Some employees alert officials.
Some employees allege they have been locked in the store overnight.
Some employees also give gift certificates for groceries to the children's families.
Some employees also serve as members of volunteer fire departments in the county.
Some employees apparently work more effectively with customers than others.
Some employees are allergic to latex.
Some employees are better suited for remote work.
Some employees are eligible to earn and therefore use compensatory hours.
Some employees are emotionally stronger than others.
Some employees are exempt from Minnesota's overtime wages.
Some employees are exempt only from the overtime rules.
Some employees are good at teamwork and pitch in to help for the good of the company.
Some employees are in charge of major purchases.
Some employees are is always on-site monitoring and maintaining the computer system.
Some employees are late on a regular basis.
Some employees are more critical to the organization than others.
Some employees are more fortunate.
Some employees are more likely to have heat disorders than others.
Some employees are office workers.
Some employees are on a waiting list for several months before they can get a parking permit.
Some employees are on continuous travel and receive lump sum payments to cover travel costs.
Some employees are proud of being worth less than they are paid.
Some employees are reluctant to do so for a variety of reasons.
Some employees are trudgers, going along as directed without looking up to see where they're going.
Some employees are underpaid and others overpaid.
Some employees are very competitive and thrive on distinguishing their performance from others'.
Some employees are very political.
Some employees attend seminars, but no certificate is required.
Some employees become members.
Some employees become owners through worker cooperatives where everyone has an equal vote.
Some employees begin looking for other jobs.
Some employees begin stealing after years of trustworthy service.
Some employees belong to the union.
Some employees can fill-in the void temporarily without hiring anybody new.
Some employees can give examples of management's commitment to safety and health.
Some employees choose to borrow money to purchase stocks and are later left with valueless equity.
Some employees choose to dress up while others dress down.
Some employees choose to resign rather than accept layoff status.
Some employees choose to work on one of three eight-hour shifts for five days.
Some employees clearly have no statutory job protection.
Some employees combine work options.
Some employees come in costume.
Some employees complain that the change in office hours has turned their lives upside down.
Some employees concentrate on their product in order to avoid the process of change.
Some employees create and innovate better in a team context.
Some employees deserve it.
Some employees determine best career options.
Some employees determine best options.
Some employees determine career options.
Some employees determine options.
Some employees develop latex allergy from exposure to latex in products like latex gloves.
Some employees die in attacks.
Some employees die in tiger attacks.
Some employees discover fire.
Some employees drive on established routes and others receive special assignments from a supervisor.
Some employees drive part way and bike in the rest.
Some employees earn more than basic pay.
Some employees end up in trouble with the regulations while they re trying to be good.
Some employees enter trenches.
Some employees even skip stages.
Some employees even store personal webpages and run businesses on company web servers.
Some employees expect a neutral to favor a personal friend.
Some employees explore opportunity.
Some employees face danger.
Some employees fear taking the time to go to the bathroom.
Some employees feel pressured by increased responsibilities and decreased recognition.
Some employees feel that they are losing a week's pay.
Some employees feel that they have a positive impact on safety and health.
Some employees feel they are moving backward for their salary treatment.
Some employees feel under-utilized at the beginning.
Some employees find it difficult to obtain information about ethics requirements.
Some employees follow protocols.
Some employees form compete firms.
Some employees form firms.
Some employees function as lead workers.
Some employees function primarily as aides or assistants to other workers.
Some employees get good counteroffers in the process.
Some employees get the meter data from each customer home and calculate the price for the bill.
Some employees get to appreciate the flight of the bald eagles twice daily.
Some employees go back to reinstate lapsed disability benefits for another cycle.
Some employees go to the office a few days per week, others work solely from home.
Some employees grumble privately that the tighter controls are driving away customers.
Some employees handle chemicals.
Some employees handle hazardous chemicals.
Some employees have a different understanding of the work rules.
Some employees have a traditional academic background, while others have strong vocational training.
Some employees have access to items of a confidential nature.
Some employees have adequate facilities.
Some employees have alpha-numeric pagers, some have only numeric pagers.
Some employees have better access to technology than do other employees.
Some employees have better concepts of effective time usage and run on different speeds.
Some employees have contact.
Some employees have direct contact.
Some employees have events.
Some employees have extra protection from other kinds of unfair treatment.
Some employees have facilities.
Some employees have feet in both the university and business.
Some employees have information.
Some employees have interest.
Some employees have little or no choice about how to perform the work.
Some employees have monitors.
Some employees have no experience in training, no time to do it, and no desire to participate.
Some employees have theft in mind from the start.
Some employees have time.
Some employees have to get by on very low pay.
Some employees have to manage on very low pay.
Some employees have trouble getting to the point.
Some employees have trucks.
Some employees have valuable information.
Some employees have video monitors.
Some employees have weapons.
Some employees hesitate to ask questions.
Some employees hold honorary officer titles.
Some employees identify strength.
Some employees improve skills.
Some employees increase chances.
Some employees insist on causing problems for other employees.
Some employees interact with customers.
Some employees involve in accidents.
Some employees kill in attacks.
Some employees kill in tiger attacks.
Some employees leave agencies.
Some employees leave countries.
Some employees look at dues as a costly inconvenience.
Some employees lose family members.
Some employees lose jobs.
Some employees lose members.
Some employees love dogs.
Some employees make even better stories than customer tales.
Some employees make telecommuting a permanent arrangement.
Some employees monitor tests.
Some employees move children.
Some employees observe animals.
Some employees observe other animals.
Some employees observe sick animals.
Some employees only use dependent care during the summer months.
Some employees only work for cash.
Some employees own companies.
Some employees own dogs.
Some employees participate in both types, but are counted just once in all retirement.
Some employees perceive the sole job of a supervisor as making employees uncomfortable.
Some employees pour clean fluid.
Some employees pour fluid.
Some employees prefer to begin their work day earlier while others prefer to stay late.
Some employees prefer to work for big banks with international operations.
Some employees prefer to work for bigger banks with international operations.
Some employees provide care.
Some employees provide feedback.
Some employees provide lists.
Some employees provide quality care.
Some employees quit rather than move because of the design of the new office.
Some employees receive a set amount of money each month for transportation costs.
Some employees receive adjustment.
Some employees receive multiple retirement plans and are included in more than one plan type.
Some employees receive trains.
Some employees recruit owners.
Some employees report managers.
Some employees request assignments.
Some employees request time to look over a contract with a lawyer.
Some employees require a physician referral or diagnostic testing.
Some employees require clarity.
Some employees return to sources.
Some employees say concierge service is a definite attraction.
Some employees say it spurs pay envy because income is no longer based on years of service.
Some employees say they have thrived at the casino since it opened.
Some employees schedule group interviews with four to twelve candidates visiting at one time.
Some employees see boys.
Some employees seem unable to learn new routines or operations.
Some employees sell ducks.
Some employees serve as co-teachers, helping lead a life skills and values course.
Some employees serve on societies.
Some employees settle in for a long fight at the first skirmish.
Some employees share rewards.
Some employees shoot bears.
Some employees slaughter black rhinos.
Some employees solicit spots on a particular manager's team.
Some employees spend time setting up a machine before scanning in.
Some employees spot panthers.
Some employees start as reservation clerks or receptionists in travel agencies.
Some employees stay positive and thrive upon stress, while others collapse under the strain.
Some employees still prefer books, but they're in the minority as distributed learning catches fire.
Some employees suffer injuries.
Some employees supervise more than one bargaining unit.
Some employees take advantage of the opportunity of early retirement to find other jobs.
Some employees take care.
Some employees take leave without pay for union business.
Some employees take the matter to the court to claim that their privacy is infringed upon.
Some employees talk here for the first time.
Some employees telecommute two or three days a week and work in the office on alternate days.
Some employees tend to abuse the system.
Some employees tend to have a natural predisposition towards stress.
Some employees think so and are ready to do something about it.
Some employees think the government has delayed health studies to avoid financial liability.
Some employees think the new electronic gate is in response to increased union activity.
Some employees time their comings and goings with a cool eye toward their company's performance.
Some employees transfer to other stores, which their file is also useful.
Some employees undergo reductions.
Some employees use a food handlers manual to ensure proper handling of food items.
Some employees use bulldozers.
Some employees use ear muffs.
Some employees use phones.
Some employees use smart phones.
Some employees use statements.
Some employees volunteer to emcee and others to speak.
Some employees walk, bike, or kayak to work.
Some employees wear double gloves.
Some employees wear double latex gloves.
Some employees wear gloves.
Some employees wear hair restraint.
Some employees wear latex gloves.
Some employees wear restraint.
Some employees welcome babies.
Some employees wind up working, in effect, as temps for federal agencies and departments.
Some employees witness incidents.
Some employees work agencies.
Some employees work at the auction floor calling the lots for particular auctions .
Some employees work by the hour.
Some employees work federal agencies.
Some employees work for companies.
Some employees work for foreign companies.
Some employees work from another facility that has space available.
Some employees work harder, longer and show more loyalty.
Some employees work in areas that change so rapidly, they have to go to school to keep up.
Some employees work in locations.
Some employees work one to three days a week at home, but some work almost entirely at home.
Some employees work other hours, depending upon their jobs.
Some employees work with animals.
Some employees work with dangerous animals.
Some employees work with dangerous wild animals.
Some employees work with wild animals.
Employer branding is critical.
Employer groups engage in selective contracting on that basis.
Employer groups look at the benefits they offer differently than a few years ago.
Employer groups say they are ready to challenge the rule.
Employer liability is an increasingly critical issue as well.
Employer liability is the default position, so focus on prevention.
Employer liability is the general rule.
Employer organisations are more sceptical.
Employer registration is free.
An employer is a leader
Employer accepts all risk concerning suitability, use, performance or nonperformance.
Employer accepts any approved document before expiration of previous document.
Employer agrees the findings are inconsistent.
Employer agrees to continue program for amount of time equal to subsidized time period.
Employer also takes issue with the finding of permanent, total disability.
Employer appeals both the decision in favor of claimant and the award of penalties.
Employer appeals the commission's award.
Employer argues the commission improperly reversed the deputy commissioner's credibility finding.
Employer argues, alternatively, that any violation was de minimis.
Employer asks all job applicants believed to be Mexican to provide proof of permanent residency.
Employer bears burden of proof in face of apparent adverse impact.
Employer bears sole responsibility for the accuracy of submitted information.
Employer bears the burden of proving that the exempt employee meets all of the applicable tests.
Employer benefits Employers have access to a potential work force with basic technical skills.
Employer can also partially compensate employees by providing lodging.
Employer can also refine their search by opting to view only resumes of fresh graduates.
Employer can also verify or obtain correct addresses and postal codes.
Employer can be civilly liable for criminal attacks.
Employer can choose to permit employees to take loans if the adoption agreement permits loans.
Employer can choose vesting schedule for matching contributions.
Employer can elect to make matching contributions.
Employer can have a large staff while maintaining a small office space with low overhead costs.
Employer can justify pay differences through business necessity.
Employer can maximize tax deduction.
Employer can never fully guarantee the safety of the workplace.
Employer can post job openings and candidates can post resumes confidentially.
Employer can prohibit union notices on the employee notice board.
Employer can quickly and easily, see online where each candidate stands in the hiring process.
Employer can sometimes ask interviewee to perform physical tasks such as lifting boxes.
Employer Check the appropriate box.
Employer chooses vesting schedule for profit sharing contribution.
Employer claims pay differential is a permissible shift differential.
Employer confirms employment of minor.
Employer contends, however, that claimant's injuries resulted from a preexisting condition.
Employer contests both the fact of the violation and the amount of the assessed penalty.
Employer contributes the same amount.
Employer costs for employee compensation .
Employer deducts a standard amount from each salary or wage payment, and forwards to the tax office.
Employer defends saying that it matches market wages.
Employer defines many plan provisions, such as vesting schedule and matching contributions.
Employer directories by career fields.
Employer directories by geographic locations.
Employer directories by major.
Employer Enter the name and address of the employer inspected.
Employer expressly accepts the combined condition.
Employer fails to assure that homeworker paid on piece rate basis has earned the minimum wage.
Employer fails to ensure proper certification for the restricted industries.
Employer FAQs .
Employer finds that demand for their finished products has declined.
Employer first contends the commission applied an incorrect standard to determine compensability.
Employer first contends the evidence is insufficient to establish an injury by accident.
Employer first contends there was no evidence that it directed employee to perform an illegal act.
Employer has a policy which prohibits sexual harassment in the work place.
Employer has an option of managed care.
Employer has flexibility regarding length of employment when defining who is eligible for plan.
Employer has no objection to the dismissal.
Employer has no obligation to pay compensation beyond the employee's termination date.
Employer has reasonable basis for treating the individual in question as an independent contractor.
Employer has right to fire worker.
Employer has right to set terms and conditions of employment.
Employer has the option to hire a candidate during or after the work placement.
Employer has to apply for visa.
Employer has to be registered company.
Employer includes a person conducting or operating a trade or business in Maryland.
Employer includes an agent of an employer and the state or a political subdivision of the state.
Employer is a hazardous waste remover.
Employer is a metal finishing company.
Employer is a multi-national corporation and held to high ethical standards.
Employer is a refuse hauler.
Employer is at risk for the promised interest credit regardless of actual investment results.
Employer is entitled to a tax deduction for the amount of the contribution.
Employer is liable for attorney fees incurred prior to controversion of liability.
Employer is required to make contributions to the plan on behalf of each eligible employee.
Employer is responsible for any applicable taxes and insurance coverage.
Employer is responsible for making payment on a timely basis.
Employer is unaware of, or unresponsive to medical needs.
Employer is used rather than referring to both each time.
Employer is willing to train.
Employer is willing to work around school schedule.
Employer makes all hiring decisions.
Employer makes contribution as set by plan terms.
Employer makes contributions as set by plan terms.
Employer matching contributions count toward the top heavy test.
Employer matching gifts and payroll deduction is available in many companies.
Employer means a person or organization which hires one or more persons to work for wages or salary.
Employer means a self-employed person, a single employer or a group of employers.
Employer means any person who, directly or indirectly, engages a legislative agent.
Employer meets undergraduate students who are seeking internships.
Employer meets with managers to promote flexible scheduling to offset absenteeism and turnover.
Employer needs for Co-ops vary from semester to semester.
Employer needs to be specific while occupation can be more generic for self-employed individuals.
Employer never explains where it finds that requirement in the statute.
Employer objects to such an amount of time claimed as being unreasonable.
Employer offers a pension or another employer-funded retirement plan.
Employer offers pet health insurance to keep and attract employees.
Employer offers profit sharing.
Employer offers two reasons for contention.
Employer owns copyrights when worker creates within the scope of agreed upon employment.
Employer participates directly throughout the hiring and training process.
Employer pays a portion of cost.
Employer pays a portion of coverage.
Employer pays all fees.
Employer pays back the employment agency.
Employer pays fee to post announcement.
Employer pays fee.
Employer pays fees.
Employer pays full cost of coverage.
Employer pays full cost.
Employer pays partial premium.
Employer pays roundtrip airfare and housing.
Employer pays the employment agency.
Employer pays the student after the training period ends.
Employer posts notification to employees of case in progress.
Employer prepares recruitment history showing efforts by employer to employ U.S. workers.
Employer profiles from around the world.
Employer promises specific benefits to each employee.
Employer provides a shift differential.
Employer provides all daily teaching materials.
Employer provides disability management.
Employer provides list of students to be interviewed.
Employer provides no less than minimum wages to the veteran.
Employer provides paid, furnished apartment.
Employer provides technical products and services to industry and government.
Employer provides training, only to have the employee find something else to pin the blame on.
Employer raises two points on appeal.
Employer realize other significant savings by offering enriched mental health treatment benefits.
Employer reimburses employees dental bills based on a schedule of payment.
Employer reports evaluating the effectiveness of the co-op students in their assignments.
Employer reports on contributions, expenses, payments, pending expenses and checks issued.
Employer requires a standard English skills test of all applicants.
Employer requires banquet management or assistant background in club or hotel.
Employer requires employees to work long hours but turns in less hours than actually worked.
Employer responds that there is no such rule of law.
Employer responses to differentiated nursing education.
Employer responses to increase health costs include shifting costs and changing delivery.
Employer resumes on eLOISe.
Employer returns and press reports.
Employer reviews and signs off on all paperwork.
Employer selects candidates to be interviewed and hires student.
Employer selects whom they want to interview.
Employer sets eligibility requirements for employees based on years of service and age.
Employer submits an evaluation of performance twice a semester.
Employer subsidized day care for workers' children becomes an attainable demand.
Employer supports for child care.
Employer takes a tax deduction and saves on payroll tax.
Employer visits to the college and annual Career Days take place at both campuses.
Employer workshops that explore feasible options to support employees as parents.
Employers accept both types.
Employers access the database when filling job vacancies.
Employers access to their specific pension arrangement.
Employers acquiesce, expecting that they can pass higher costs on to consumers.
Employers act as mentors to the student as they work in real-life job settings.
Employers actively compete for our department's graduates.
Employers actively look out for their employee's resumes on the Web.
Employers actively recruit certified individuals when hiring document imaging professionals.
Employers actually have discretion as to how the final paycheck is to be issued.
Employers add an attractive, timely benefit to their employee compensation package.
Employers add profits generated in all rounds to compute total profits.
Employers adopt benefit plans because they stretch the payroll dollar.
Employers advertise for free.
Employers advertise job openings here to recruit international talent.
Employers advise job applicants to play it safe by sticking with traditional resumes.
Employers agree that checking references is a critical part of the hiring process.
Employers agree that continuing education is a plus both for the individual and the company.
Employers agree to a sixteen week commitment.
Employers agree to provide clear guidelines regarding the internship application process.
Employers Allow flex time, telecommuting, and compressed work weeks for employees.
Employers allow individuals the opportunity to work at their business.
Employers allow telecommuting because it is in their interests to do so.
Employers already have the power to monitor employees' private communications.
Employers already have to be careful with how much they reveal about former workers.
Employers already monitor our e-mail, Web surfing and phone calls.
Employers already seek workers via computer networks.
Employers already spend billions of dollars each year to educate and train U.S. workers.
Employers also abuse workers through the use of non-performance agreements.
Employers also appreciate the ability to communicate professionally.
Employers also are responsible for identifying potential hazards to employees.
Employers also are willing to discuss career positions.
Employers also benefit by having a skilled and eager worker join their team.
Employers also benefit from internships.
Employers also benefit from teacher internships.
Employers also benefit from telework.
Employers also benefit from the near-record low unemployment rate when they fire someone.
Employers also benefit from the system.
Employers also benefit from using part-time work arrangements.
Employers also benefit through reduced workers' compensation costs.
Employers also benefit when applicants and employees are more skilled and ready to work.
Employers also benefit with a central location to fulfil their labor needs.
Employers also can be sure they are covering the salary needs of their employees.
Employers also can provide employees with outright grants that are set up like a bonus.
Employers also can stress that they expect nurses to wear seat belts whenever possible.
Employers also can subsidize all or part of the cost as part of an employee benefit package.
Employers also choose the investment options.
Employers also coerce a lot of people into treatment, along with state bar and medical associations.
Employers also commit to serve as mentors for the students and advise on career planning.
Employers also conduct on-campus interviewing through student employment.
Employers also continue to hire workers at a slower pace than before the recession.
Employers also contribute to theRetirement System on behalf of members.
Employers also contribute to theRetirement System on behalf ofmembers.
Employers also demand their people have technical, business, computer and people skills.
Employers also designate another employee as a work mentor.
Employers also differ in that some only provide benefits for graduate-level study.
Employers also expect above average social and communications skills.
Employers also explain their incentives to hosting student internships.
Employers also face competition on every level, locally, nationally and globally.
Employers also face legal liability for employees and liability for some employee actions.
Employers also find it useful.
Employers also find themselves wrestling each other for nurses.
Employers also gain.
Employers also have a legal obligation to maintain accurate time records.
Employers also have rights.
Employers also have the flexibility to choose the deductible that best fits their group's needs.
Employers also have the opportunity to set up interviews with potential job candidates.
Employers also have the option of offering their employees direct or indirect child care assistance.
Employers also have the option of receiving r sum s from interested candidates through e-mail.
Employers also have the option of receiving resumes from interested candidates through e-mail.
Employers also have the option of scheduling interviews at their location.
Employers also have the option to search resumes directly on our Web page.
Employers also have the right to act unilaterally in a time of compelling urgency.
Employers also have the right to call a lockout under the same conditions.
Employers also hire many persons without formal automotive body repair training.
Employers also hold society members in high esteem.
Employers also like to see leadership and teamwork demonstrated through activities and sports.
Employers also list jobs in help-wanted sections of newspaper ads.
Employers also list thousands of job openings that job seekers can view.
Employers also look for candidates who are familiar with one or more help-authoring tools.
Employers also look for initiative and good judgment.
Employers also look for strong team skills.
Employers also look for time management, decision making, and organizational abilities.
Employers also make good references.
Employers also oftentimes get into trouble with compensatory time off.
Employers also pay a high price for traffic deaths and injuries.
Employers also pay a portion of the contributions.
Employers also pay an equal amount of tax for each employee.
Employers also pay interest at whatever rate they choose.
Employers also pay interest on their unfunded liability.
Employers also pay NI contributions, complementing the contributions levied on their employees.
Employers also play a significant role in the health care crisis.
Employers also post thousands of job openings that job seekers can search and view.
Employers also praise the program because the students bring talent and expertise to the workplace.
Employers also prefer applicants who are familiar with computers.
Employers also prize communication abilities.
Employers also provide a basis for coordinating organization, unit and individual objectives.
Employers also provide one-hour information sessions which are open to all students and alumni.
Employers also receive added benefits from the site.
Employers also receive personal service.
Employers also save jobs for our students each year.
Employers also schedule meetings a day or two before scheduled interviews.
Employers also seek technical abilities, or the basics on which they can train in-house.
Employers also seek to protect company assets.
Employers also seem to favor job applicants who commute from more distant neighborhoods.
Employers also send job notices directly to our department.
Employers also show support, with time and resources, for employee learning and job changes.
Employers also stress the importance of being able to follow detailed written and oral instructions.
Employers also tell of the great diversity in the agricultural industry's work force.
Employers also value their capacity to think, write and speak critically and effectively.
Employers also vary greatly in the flexibility regarding time off.
Employers also vary greatly in their flexibility regarding time off.
Employers also visit the campus to distribute job applications and recruit new employees.
Employers also win through the opportunity to provide input and influence curriculum in the schools.
Employers Answers some questions about employment law commonly asked by employers.
Employers appear to be fully within their constitutional rights to ban smoking in the workplace.
Employers appear to be pleased.
Employers appear to be reluctant to invest in the education and training of older workers.
Employers applaud some graduates and have shown concern for others.
Employers appreciate candidates who are confident in their approach.
Employers appreciate clarity and brevity.
Employers appreciate enthusiasm.
Employers appreciate humility and flexibility.
Employers appreciate the program because they obtain workers with experience.
Employers appreciate when students take ownership for their successes and failures.
Employers appreciate workers who are on time and do their work as scheduled.
Employers are a critical part of the solution.
Employers are able to access their schedules on-line.
Employers are able to both attract and screen hundreds of potential job applicants.
Employers are able to check on an applicant's training certification.
Employers are able to give students information that is relevant.
Employers are able to meet many candidates from, often times, many different schools.
Employers are able to offer employees heavy workloads and employees are free to accept such offers.
Employers are able to reduce their payroll costs.
Employers are able to register as recruiters and post job vacancies.
Employers are accountable for practice in their institutions.
Employers are adamant in their opposition to the general direction of the announced reform.
Employers are afraid of juries and want the sole power.
Employers are afraid to do much more than verify former employment in fear of being sued for libel.
Employers are afraid to make social or political mistakes in interviewing potential candidates.
Employers are all public school districts, intermediate units, and vocational technical schools.
Employers are already en route.
Employers are also a significant customer group for the One-Stop system.
Employers are also able to satisfy temporary labor shortages of skilled workers.
Employers are also an important part of the commuting equation.
Employers are also interested in cost issues.
Employers are also interested in volunteer and community work.
Employers are also pleased with our service.
Employers are also responsible for making a good faith effort to implement their compliance plans.
Employers are also welcome to submit a letter for their employees who they feel qualify.
Employers are also worried about the lack of applicants of color.
Employers are always concerned about employees taking time off.
Employers are always free.
Employers are always interested in a candidate sought after by a competitor.
Employers are ambivalent about older workers.
Employers are among the best positioned to provide such programs.
Employers are an excellent source of recommendation.
Employers are an integral part of the program.
Employers are an overlooked resource for increasing employment of individuals with disabilities.
Employers are as much in the dark as their staff.
Employers are aware that English majors are articulate in oral and written communication.
Employers are beneficiaries of the network.
Employers are bidden to allow their employees a weekly vacation.
Employers are both local and throughout the region.
Employers are businesses with paid employees.
Employers are busy and sometimes emails and phone messages get lost in the shuffle.
Employers are busy people and they want the facts in a few words as possible.
Employers are certainly in the driver's seat now.
Employers are clear about what they are looking for.
Employers are clients.
Employers are committed to hire all workers trained.
Employers are committed to keeping the industry nonunion.
Employers are concerned about cementing the survey into regulations.
Employers are concerned about making costly hiring mistakes.
Employers are concerned about the lack of technically skilled workers.
Employers are concerned about the quality of high school and community college graduates.
Employers are concerned that misuse of technology reduces productivity and poses liability threats.
Employers are concerned that the tight labor market is putting upward pressure on starting salaries.
Employers are concerned with the impact of drug use on safety, health and productivity.
Employers are consistently pleased with the performance of our graduates.
Employers are constantly on the look-out for new professionals.
Employers are constantly worried about being sued.
Employers are consumers.
Employers are critical players in informed career preparation.
Employers are desperate for ethical employees.
Employers are desperate for workers.
Employers are desperate to fill slots for cashiers, waitstaff, store managers, security guards.
Employers are desperate.
Employers are determined to contain and even reduce spending on benefit programs.
Employers are duty - bound to set an acceptable standard for workplace behavior.
Employers are duty-bound to set an acceptable standard for workplace behavior.
Employers are eager for new hires who have leadership experience.
Employers are eager to find qualified people and are now using the Web as a place to advertise.
Employers are employers.
Employers are enthusiastic about it.
Employers are enthusiastic about the development of work-based programs.
Employers are equally guilty of lying.
Employers are equally reluctant to identify themselves as bosses.
Employers are exempt unless the activity fell within the employees' job description.
Employers are extremely interested in our model because of the credibility of our data.
Employers are family friendly but they want their employees at work.
Employers are fans, too.
Employers are fearful of employee criticism if individual choice is restricted.
Employers are few and frustration is high.
Employers are free to choose with which and with how many bargaining agents they negotiate.
Employers are free to conduct independent interviews and are under no obligation to hire.
Employers are free to fill vacancies left by employees on military leave.
Employers are free to hire whoever they want, and usually cheap labor is their main choice.
Employers are free to ignore the majority views of their employees.
Employers are free to negotiate wages and salaries, subject to the minimum wage law.
Employers are free to restrict smoking in the officeplace.
Employers are free to retain their own counsel to defend such an action.
Employers are free to set vacation policies and can allow vacation accrual as they see fit.
Employers are free to start up a pension plan, and they are free to terminate their plans.
Employers are free to take other action in order to comply with the Fire Regulations.
Employers are free.
Employers are from business, industry, human services, nonprofit, and government agencies.
Employers are full of fear Nobody enjoys jobhunting and equally nobody enjoys hiring.
Employers are generally more aware of the value of employees.
Employers are generally more impressed by brief, well-focused resumes.
Employers are generally more selective.
Employers are generally more than willing to switch HMOs in order to get a lower premium.
Employers are generally pleased to be invited into the school and like having a voice in education.
Employers are generally responsible to provide a safe work environment.
Employers are glad to find people who they can be sure are already expert with the program.
Employers are government and private social service agencies.
Employers are hard pressed to fill jobs.
Employers are having trouble finding people to work, they point out.
Employers are highly selective and competition for high-quality jobs is intense.
Employers are human too.
Employers are hungry for ways to increase employee satisfaction while controlling costs.
Employers are hungry.
Employers are impressed with candidates who articulate clear, well defined goals.
Employers are impressed with candidates who exhibit poise and confidence.
Employers are impressed with MiSDU customer service.
Employers are impressed with people who do things and can get things done.
Employers are impressed with people with initiative.
Employers are impressed with their knowledge of business and their drive to succeed.
Employers are in demand of individuals who have mastered specific IT skills.
Employers are in the best position to explain the reason for their actions.
Employers are in the best position to keep the personal protective equipment in repair.
Employers are increasingly aware of the benefits of hiring mature workers.
Employers are increasingly concerned about illicit drugs in the workplace.
Employers are increasingly concerned about the lack of technically skilled workers.
Employers are increasingly concerned about their public accountability.
Employers are increasingly interested in employing people with disabilities.
Employers are interested in accreditation.
Employers are interested in candidates who can express themselves articulately and properly.
Employers are interested in candidates who can express themselves properly.
Employers are interested in candidates who have extensive knowledge of operating systems.
Employers are interested in candidates who want to grow and develop professionally.
Employers are interested in hiring winners who are always in control.
Employers are interested in individuals who have a broader rather than a more specialized education.
Employers are interested in people who have been involved in their community.
Employers are interested in people who know what they want and why.
Employers are interested in results.
Employers are interested in the bottom line.
Employers are just as much to blame for lack of understanding on the subject of the pay gap.
Employers are just too mercurial to make long-term assumptions on.
Employers are justifiably nervous about it.
Employers are largely out of step with the aging of the work force.
Employers are largely regional but with increasing national and international activities.
Employers are leaders, as are teachers and officials and camp counselors.
Employers are leaders.
Employers are leery to employ and evaluate people merely on the basis of the results of their work.
Employers are legally responsible for providing a safe working environment.
Employers are less involved in direct activities with students at the workplace.
Employers are less likely to be challenged if their employees know their rights.
Employers are less likely to exaggerate than individuals.
Employers are liable for the expenses of workers injured on the job.
Employers are liable for two types of sexual harassment.
Employers are liable whether the source of sexual harassment is a supervisor or a co-worker.
Employers are likely to hire less labor if social security taxes make employees more expensive.
Employers are likely to implement a variety of strategies to deal with rising health care costs.
Employers are likely to receive dozens of resumes for an open position.
Employers are likely to receive many CVs so first impressions count.
Employers are likely to save money by implementing policies for smoke-free workplaces.
Employers are likely to see a reduction in absenteeism, improved morale and increased productivity.
Employers are looking for immediate producers, they want candidates who can hit the ground running.
Employers are masters of their domain.
Employers are more aware today of the consequences associated with regard to negligent hiring.
Employers are more concerned with the person they are hiring.
Employers are more determined than ever to lower their labor costs by any and all means.
Employers are more flexible and people can grab a few extra days.
Employers are more impressed by clear communication skills than by complex vocabularies.
Employers are more interested in 'the right attitude'.
Employers are more into job sharing, telecommuting because they have to be.
Employers are more likely to add a benefit if nearby or competing employers offer it.
Employers are more likely to hire a low-skilled worker at a lower wage, particularly to start.
Employers are more likely to hire local applicants than someone from far away.
Employers are more likely to hire nonsmokers, and landlords are becoming more partial to nonsmokers.
Employers are more likely to hire someone they know they can enjoy working with on a daily basis.
Employers are more likely to participate in the partnership if it is easy.
Employers are more likely to respond if complaints come from more than one person.
Employers are more open-minded than ever before toward hiring women in general.
Employers are more serious now about keeping their important people.
Employers are most concerned about attitudes and personal qualities.
Employers are most interested in applicants who are skilled at drafting and mechanical drawing.
Employers are most interested in applicants who have well-developed drafting skills.
Employers are most interested in individuals who have focused their career interests.
Employers are most interested in the skills that the student brings to the table.
Employers are much more likely to respond to local phone numbers and addresses.
Employers are nationwide and worldwide.
Employers are no better than employees or vice versa.
Employers are no longer as dependent on certain forms of labour.
Employers are no longer satisfied with college graduates who are only well-prepared academically.
Employers are nonprofit organizations, including cities, towns, and schools.
Employers are notorious for abruptly closing up shop without paying workers what they are owed.
Employers are notorious for keeping secrets.
Employers are now able to recruit employees on-line.
Employers are now able to use the system themselves to post jobs and search for candidates.
Employers are now aware that they can be sued by the victims of workplace sexual harassment.
Employers are now more likely to lay off or fire workers or shut down.
Employers are now more open to flexible working hours and telecommuting.
Employers are on campus to talk about what it takes to be successful in the workforce.
Employers are overly concerned about the threat of litigation for acting too quickly.
Employers are people first.
Employers are people too.
Employers are people.
Employers are practical, results-oriented people.
Employers are prepared to conduct on the spot interviews.
Employers are prepared to pay attractive salaries to an engineer with appropriate managerial skills.
Employers are prepared to receive resumes and provide information about job opportunities.
Employers are quickly able to recognize the benefits of promoting health in the workplace.
Employers are ready to sponsoring for qualified candidates after their telephonic interview.
Employers are ready to Sponsoring for qualified candidates after their telphonic interview.
Employers are really interested in finding out about it.
Employers are reluctant to hire poor and homeless people when they have a criminal record.
Employers are reluctant to take on extra labour in the face of restrictive conditions.
Employers are responsible for calling and screening potential care givers.
Employers are responsible for costs involved in correcting hazards identified during the visit.
Employers are responsible for establishing workplace health and safety committees.
Employers are responsible for examining the acceptable original documents.
Employers are responsible for funding the pension.
Employers are responsible for giving an employee a task consistent with prescribed restrictions.
Employers are responsible for initiating student pay raises.
Employers are responsible for instructing employees on safe and proper operation of equipment.
Employers are responsible for insuring that handbooks are completed as required.
Employers are responsible for maintaining accurate time records of all hours worked.
Employers are responsible for notifying accidents.
Employers are responsible for obtaining work permits for their expatriate workers.
Employers are responsible for paying four payroll taxes.
Employers are responsible for payment of workers' compensation benefits to injured workers.
Employers are responsible for preventing bullying and harassing behaviour.
Employers are responsible for protecting the health and safety of their employees in the workplace.
Employers are responsible for providing and maintaining safe systems of work in hot conditions.
Employers are responsible for providing and maintaining safe systems of work in wet weather.
Employers are responsible for providing first aid supplies at every worksite.
Employers are responsible for providing safe work conditions.
Employers are responsible for safe working conditions.
Employers are responsible for supervision of workers, but have no other expenses.
Employers are responsible for taking reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy of their data.
Employers are responsible for the accuracy of time records.
Employers are responsible for the continued training of any in-house neutrals.
Employers are responsible for the payment of benefits to eligible injured workers.
Employers are responsible for the removal of all jobs that are posted to the database.
Employers are responsible for timely payment and filing of their incurred withholding liability.
Employers are responsible for training and protecting their workers.
Employers are responsible for validating their selection criteria if needed.
Employers are responsible for what happens in the workplace.
Employers are responsible to ensure payment to the student employee for all certified work hours.
Employers are responsible to pay for all necessary treatment of work-related injuries.
Employers are satisfied because the work is being done and their employees are happy.
Employers are satisfied overall with their telecommuting programs.
Employers are satisfied with the skills of our graduates.
Employers are selective, however, and are looking for unusual exper ience and specialty talents.
Employers are smarter than ever when it comes to negotiating compensation.
Employers are solely responsible for their job postings on the website.
Employers are solely responsible for their postings on the job board.
Employers are solely responsible for their postings on the site.
Employers are solely responsible for their postings on the web site.
Employers are solely responsible for their postings on the Web site.
Employers are solely responsible for their postings on the Web Site.
Employers are solely responsible for their postings on the website.
Employers are solely responsible for their postings.
Employers are soley responsible for their postings on the web site.
Employers are somewhat more forgiving when it comes to graduate degrees.
Employers are specially interested in students having passed the exam before their senior year.
Employers are still concerned about liability, sick leave and financial burdens.
Employers are still reluctant to hire mathematicians whose interests are purely theoretical.
Employers are still subject to third-party actions for contribution.
Employers are strictly liable for harassment by their supervisor or agents.
Employers are strictly liable for harassment by their supervisors or agents.
Employers are subject to a multitude of legal requirements and prohibitions.
Employers are subject to administrative penalties and orders to abate hazards.
Employers are subject to negligent hiring lawsuits if they hire an unfit person who causes harm.
Employers are subject to penalty if they willfully violate the subsection.
Employers are subject to receiving a penalty for such shifting.
Employers are the largest purchasers of private health insurance.
Employers are the primary source of health insurance in the United States.
Employers are the principal gainers from illegal immigration, through lower labour costs.
Employers are the purchasers of health insurance for their employees.
Employers are the sole arbiters of that standard.
Employers are then able to download, review and pre-select students online.
Employers are to assess compliance with the voluntary standard.
Employers are to be compensated through a reduction in their health insurance contributions.
Employers are to indicate the rest-days in the remarks column.
Employers are to protect employees and other persons from the hazards of substances used at work.
Employers are to provide appropriate liability coverage for workers.
Employers are to treat their employees in exactly the same way.
Employers are too busy to set up pension schemes.
Employers are uncertain how to respond to their employees' Web savvy.
Employers are under no obligation to participate.
Employers are under no obligation to respond to resumes.
Employers are understandably unwilling to pay for unproven experimental therapies.
Employers are unhappy with the growing number and cost of mandates and regulations.
Employers are unhappy with the skill levels of recent graduates.
Employers are unwilling to negotiate shorter work-weeks for similar reasons.
Employers are very appreciative of contact reference information.
Employers are very demanding and look for staff with good qualifications and sound experience.
Employers are very interested in the career path exposure dimension of the curriculum.
Employers are very interested in the project.
Employers are very pleased with our graduates.
Employers are very selective in their interviewing and hiring choices.
Employers are very selective, and there is a good deal of competition for available jobs.
Employers are very special minded when hiring their choices.
Employers are welcome and urged to look through our database of candidates.
Employers are welcome to advertise that they have certified employees on their staff.
Employers are welcome to advertise that they have certified employees on their staffs.
Employers are welcome to advertise that they have Certified employees on their staffs.
Employers are welcome to attend and meet many qualified candidates.
Employers are welcome to attend and meet with hundreds of candidates.
Employers are welcome to bring multimedia displays as well, such as televisions and computers.
Employers are welcome to browse our database.
Employers are welcome to call for information.
Employers are welcome to call the following numbers to purchase space.
Employers are welcome to interview on campus throughout the year.
Employers are welcome to interview on campus year-round.
Employers are welcome to keep their listings open for as long as they like.
Employers are welcome to particpate in both fairs.
Employers are welcome to present on career related topics or help critique student resumes.
Employers are welcome to recruit on campus.
Employers are welcome to schedule in-class presentations with professors if scheduling permits.
Employers are welcome to submit and update their files as often as they desire.
Employers are welcome to submit their job postings via e-mail.
Employers are welcome to use our offices for candidate interviews as well.
Employers are well within their rights to take disciplinary action.
Employers are willing to pay for good performance.
Employers are worried about recruiting and retaining qualified workers in the tight labor market.
Employers argue that it is a perk that improves worker morale, yet costs nothing.
Employers argue that it is an effective and reasonable way to control health care costs.
Employers arrange locum cover where they feel it is necessary.
Employers ask for and use references in a variety of ways.
Employers ask for school records as part of application process.
Employers ask that students review the job qualifications prior to applying.
Employers assume people without degrees are disinterested in education.
Employers assume that past performance predicts future performance.
Employers assume the risks involved and also have full rights to all insurance claim information.
Employers attend job fairs at the college on a regular basis with great job offers.
Employers automatically offer health insurance coverage as part of an employment proposal.
Employers avoid hiring pregnant women, and some administer pregnancy tests to job applicants.
Employers avoid setting themselves up to have to counsel new hires about their appearance.
Employers back up such claims.
Employers bear a half of the cost.
Employers bear the direct cost of lost work and improved security measures.
Employers bear the onus of proving just cause.
Employers become ex-employers.
Employers begin paying trainees as full employees with full benefits at the beginning of training.
Employers begin to see the positive changes immediately after the seminar.
Employers believe many of the new perks can increase worker productivity.
Employers believe some workers abuse sick-leave policies by fraudulently requesting benefits.
Employers believe temping indicates initiative, flexibility and good skills.
Employers believe that mathematics majors can learn on the job.
Employers believe that past performance predicts future performance.
Employers benefit also.
Employers benefit as well as the students.
Employers benefit as well through tax savings.
Employers benefit as well.
Employers benefit because they can become familiar with an employee prior to a long term commitment.
Employers benefit by being able to choose from more qualified employees.
Employers benefit by having a pool of well-prepared employees.
Employers benefit by obtaining the intern s labor, skill, and enthusiasm.
Employers benefit directly and indirectly.
Employers benefit from a focused and productive employee because stresses are reduced.
Employers benefit from a larger work force from which to recruit workers.
Employers benefit from a more competitive and satisfied workforce.
Employers benefit from a more profitable workforce.
Employers benefit from better productivity and improved morale.
Employers benefit from dedicated, skilled and eager employees.
Employers benefit from improved human resource utilization and reduced insurance costs.
Employers benefit from increased access to a productive and qualified workforce.
Employers benefit from increased employee productivity.
Employers benefit from productive, dedicated employees.
Employers benefit from receiving cover letters and resumes directly.
Employers benefit from taking part Participants are trained according to standards set by industry.
Employers benefit from telework.
Employers benefit from the added exposure to students and ability to promote themselves on campus.
Employers benefit from the energy and new ideas young people bring to the job.
Employers benefit from the favorable investment performance of pooled pension fund assets.
Employers benefit from the knowledge and work ethic of seasoned employees.
Employers benefit from their senior workers' loyalty and punctuality.
Employers benefit from well trained workers who work for modest wages.
Employers benefit in several ways.
Employers benefit too.
Employers benefit, too.
Employers better be careful what they say about their employees.
Employers browse the database.
Employers build job profiles based on the skills and experience required for the job.
Employers buy a catastrophic or high deductible health insurance plan to cover major health costs.
Employers buy their workers schoolbooks as a reward.
Employers calculate how much they can pay out in total compensation.
Employers call for longer working week Bonn.
Employers call throughout the year requesting resumes for various openings.
Employers call to get assistance with salaries for new positions they are creating.
Employers can access a local pool of qualified workers and related supportive services.
Employers can access a qualified and motivated workforce.
Employers can access that database to search for potential job candidates.
Employers can access that database to search resumes of potential job candidates.
Employers can access the r sum information by purchasing the database.
Employers can access the resume information by purchasing the database or a single search.
Employers can access their own self-service center online.
Employers can accommodate mobility-impared employees by allowing a telework option.
Employers can add jobs, information, etc.
Employers can add listings free of charge.
Employers can add sick leave days to cover children's needs.
Employers can add their own company profile.
Employers can add their vacancies .
Employers can add their vacancies online.
Employers can adjust their search criteria in order to receive a longer or shorter list of profiles.
Employers can adopt any of a variety of strategies to assist employees with commuting.
Employers can advertise as many positions as they wish for free.
Employers can advertise current job and internship openings to students and alumni free of charge.
Employers can advertise from one, to two hundred job opportunities.
Employers can advertise their available job positions.
Employers can afford to be highly selective.
Employers can allow working parents to use their sick leave benefits to care for their ill children.
Employers can also absorb charges.
Employers can also access education and training and labor market information on the site.
Employers can also access the system.
Employers can also advertise their job openings.
Employers can also apply for a subsidy to hire students and youth.
Employers can also attract employees by offering a match in the plan.
Employers can also be a source of funding.
Employers can also benefit by assisting parent employees to help their children learn.
Employers can also choose to participate in limited ways in non-designated states.
Employers can also decide to make employees wait longer to become eligible to join the plan.
Employers can also file an application on behalf of their employees.
Employers can also flip to what is on any employee's screen at any time.
Employers can also get information about wage withholding.
Employers can also get into trouble by exaggerating an employee's misconduct.
Employers can also have considerable influence on the overall health of employees.
Employers can also install software developed to monitor Web activities and block certain Web sites.
Employers can also learn how to reduce their workers' compensation premiums.
Employers can also leverage existing employee benefits data to make vendor proposals.
Employers can also list jobs in our online database for students or alumni.
Employers can also listen to our phone calls at work, both work-related and private.
Employers can also log in to post job openings on the Web site.
Employers can also make contributions to the plan on behalf of the employee.
Employers can also monitor their employees' computer terminals.
Employers can also offer payroll deduction.
Employers can also order publications and borrow training videos free of charge.
Employers can also perform credit checks to evaluate employees for promotion or reassignment.
Employers can also petition for a lower rate.
Employers can also post job daily.
Employers can also post job openings.
Employers can also post jobs in our jobs database for a small fee.
Employers can also post jobs on line.
Employers can also post jobs online and job seekers can post their resu.
Employers can also post jobs online and job seekers can post their resumes.
Employers can also post jobs open.
Employers can also post projects, which freelancers can search in their quest for work.
Employers can also post their vacancies for free.
Employers can also provide compensation in the form of tuition scholarships or stipends.
Employers can also receive detailed feedback on their programmes from an adviser.
Employers can also register with the department by dialing the same toll free number.
Employers can also save substantial sums of money by keeping employees happy.
Employers can also search for job seekers.
Employers can also search for profiles that match their job listings.
Employers can also search the database of job seekers at no charge.
Employers can also search the resume database to find qualified employees.
Employers can also search the resume database.
Employers can also submit information in a letter.
Employers can also subtly cooperate, to the best of their ability.
Employers can also support the work of teachers directly and indirectly in local classrooms.
Employers can also test for blood alcohol levels.
Employers can also test for blood alcohol.
Employers can also test solutions incrementally, one at a time, until the situation is resolved.
Employers can also view student and alumni resumes on the internet from their offices.
Employers can also volunteer to become designated employers.
Employers can and sometimes do monitor email, phone calls and other worker activities.
Employers can appeal fines to an administrative-law judge.
Employers can apply for coverage, pay premiums, and learn how to lower costs.
Employers can articulate education reform in their community schools.
Employers can ask for whatever performance and salary information they wish.
Employers can ask to see resumes for their business interests.
Employers can ask workers to make up for the company's goof, but workers can decline.
Employers can assess students' abilities in a real work setting.
Employers can assist by explaining different coverage options for the survivors.
Employers can assist in a number of ways.
Employers can attract and retain qualified employees by offering flexible benefit plans.
Employers can attract and retain workers by making child care more convenient.
Employers can battle fraud by providing a written workers' comp policy to all employees.
Employers can be businesses, hospitals, schools, government agencies, non-profit organizations, etc.
Employers can be businesses, hospitals, schools, government agencies, non-profit organizations.
Employers can be creative in providing for their employees through profit sharing.
Employers can be liable for sexual harassment under a variety of scenarios.
Employers can be more negotiable on the hours that the victim works.
Employers can be particularly effective.
Employers can be pickier about their new hires.
Employers can be profit or nonprofit.
Employers can begin advertising available positions for a charge.
Employers can begin by asking, listening and learning about fathers' family needs.
Employers can benefit by hiring students who have demonstrated desirable work skills at school.
Employers can benefit from student internships as much as the students themselves.
Employers can better target the audience they want to reach.
Employers can browse posted resumes and employees can post their resume.
Employers can browse through resumes that are posted.
Employers can browse through the database and select as many resumes as they desire at no cost.
Employers can buy endorsements to provide such coverage.
Employers can bypass recruitment agencies and have direct access to real jobseekers.
Employers can call the French social security office and verify a worker's documentation.
Employers can capitalize on employees' interests and the advantages they see in farm work.
Employers can capitalize on the advantages people see in farm work.
Employers can champion increased productivity and a better workplace for all.
Employers can change their annual contributions to match their cash flow.
Employers can check up on what their employees are doing.
Employers can choose from a variety of benefit periods and a selection of elimination periods.
Employers can choose from better qualified scientists.
Employers can choose from better-qualified scientists.
Employers can choose from several plan options and benefit periods.
Employers can choose from various plan design options to best meet the needs of their employees.
Employers can choose one of two job posting plans.
Employers can choose several options when screening potential employees.
Employers can choose to be less restrictive.
Employers can choose to give their employees a flat amount or a percentage of their salary.
Employers can choose to offer a matching contribution.
Employers can choose to participate at any time.
Employers can choose to permit employees to take loans if the adoption agreement permits loans.
Employers can choose to report by magnetic tape or diskette.
Employers can choose to report electronically.
Employers can click here to register.
Employers can click here to send an email posting of a job or internship.
Employers can click the image below to go directly to our job listings page.
Employers can come to campus to interview students for co-op or permanent positions.
Employers can conduct the programs themselves without involving an expensive outside trainer.
Employers can conduct their own salary and benefits survey.
Employers can connect with top candidates by posting job vacancies on-line, absolutely free.
Employers can contact a member of the placement staff and describe the position they seek to fill.
Employers can contact CES for more information.
Employers can continue a waiting period before employees are eligible to enroll in the plan.
Employers can continue to adhere to the provisions of the plan currently in effect.
Employers can create and job seekers can access numerous job postings.
Employers can create and maintain their own company records online.
Employers can cull a pool of nearly two million job seekers.
Employers can customize both the content and web interface to personalize the message for employees.
Employers can cut office space costs and effectively address space constraints.
Employers can deactivate their postings as they become filled.
Employers can deal with increases in the minimum in a number of ways.
Employers can deduct employee contributions up to certain age-specific limits.
Employers can deduct group hospitalization and medical insurance premiums paid on employee policies.
Employers can deduct the cost of health benefits.
Employers can deduct their matching contributions from the company's income for tax purposes.
Employers can describe their growth plans and project employment needs.
Employers can design jobs with employee motivation in mind.
Employers can desire to fill a certain number of positions with minorities, but only that number.
Employers can detail all requirements to pre-qualify candidates.
Employers can develop a preference for illegal workers.
Employers can develop credentialing functions.
Employers can develop training programs to reflect the type of work performed.
Employers can direct employees when to take their annual leave.
Employers can distribute transit checks more than one month in advance.
Employers can do many things to assist individuals to re-enter or stay in the workplace.
Employers can do more either by offering more time or by paying for all or some maternity leave.
Employers can do their fair share.
Employers can do their part by declaring smoke-free work places.
Employers can download enrollment forms and find plan information.
Employers can download forms and submit applications by post or e-mail.
Employers can easily adapt the workplace to help reading disabled people to work more efficiently.
Employers can easily find the right candidate for the right job.
Employers can easily monitor e-mail, listen to voice mail and phone calls.
Employers can easily post job openings and find candidates at no charge.
Employers can easily post job opportunities on the site.
Employers can easily specify the skills and level they want their candidates to have.
Employers can either search for candidates or advertise their job vacancies to a global audience.
Employers can employ no more than five students from any one school.
Employers can encourage bicycling by providing secure bicycle parking, lockers and showers.
Employers can encourage students to make that connection.
Employers can end an unsatisfactory placement at any time .
Employers can end pension plans through a process called termination.
Employers can enforce dress codes and grooming standards.
Employers can enjoy the benefits of Retro on either an individual or group basis.
Employers can enter job listings and browse the resumes of job seekers.
Employers can enter search criteria to find the perfect match for position they have open.
Employers can establish policies that require discharge following one or two positive tests.
Employers can evaluate an applicant's trustworthiness, susceptibility to coercion, bribery or theft.
Employers can even assign weighted values to the various criteria.
Employers can even post job openings on-line, find labor market information, and much more.
Employers can even post temporary travel assignments.
Employers can even post their own job ads as well as search for candidates.
Employers can even rate their performance.
Employers can even search through employees' desk drawers.
Employers can even turn a deaf ear to complaints by their female workers.
Employers can exclude temporary and part-time employees from health, pension and other benefits.
Employers can expect as their basic right a fair day's work in return for the salary paid.
Employers can expect better trained applicants for positions within their organizations.
Employers can expect increased random audits and inspections at their work sites.
Employers can expect outstanding service and simplified implementation and administration.
Employers can expect quality work and professionalism from program graduates.
Employers can expect quality work and professionalism from students.
Employers can expect testing to spread throughout the country as a result of the ruling.
Employers can expect to receive a flood of requests from savvy claimants and their lawyers.
Employers can extend expiration dates by using the account manager.
Employers can fax, mail or e-mail job listings to the center.
Employers can file information by mail or magnetic tape.
Employers can fill jobs faster and at less expense.
Employers can fill positions and job seekers can quickly find opportunities for employment.
Employers can finally provide all their employees with access to highly cost-effective training.
Employers can find and hire top talent, too.
Employers can find answers to their questions and print forms and applications.
Employers can find best candidate, with advice on who to hire.
Employers can find dancers and dancers can find jobs.
Employers can find ex-offenders according to skill and locality of release.
Employers can find help on wage reporting.
Employers can find HR trends and statistics.
Employers can find more qualified candidates, faster, than with any other recruiting service.
Employers can find new tools to increase worker productivity.
Employers can find out about free services.
Employers can find possible candidates quickly and easily.
Employers can find qualified job seekers quickly and efficiently.
Employers can find qualified veterans for their job openings by reading the resumes.
Employers can find qualified workers with the skills needed to grow their business.
Employers can find skilled help in our student resume database .
Employers can find students through resumes which are also on the web.
Employers can find the right person with a click of the mouse.
Employers can find themselves enmeshed in lawsuits with perfectly healthy people.
Employers can fire or refuse to hire someone who has a confirmed positive test.
Employers can force a hearing on practically any issue-no matter how insignificant or frivolous.
Employers can forget about challenging the demands for time off.
Employers can freely review the resumes and establish contact with the candidates of their choice.
Employers can fund special projects aimed at improving parent-teacher relationships.
Employers can gain many benefits by providing health plans for their employees.
Employers can gain valuable insight about a future employee through a webfolio.
Employers can generally set wages unilaterally.
Employers can generally withhold taxes.
Employers can get answers to questions about unemployment tax law or about their own accounts.
Employers can get away with anything.
Employers can get candidates for job openings and search our asian resume database.
Employers can get into trouble by looking too closely at an employee's papers.
Employers can get kids more cheaply, so they're sacrificing quality to cut costs.
Employers can get to know the complete person.
Employers can have other concerns, too.
Employers can have prejudices.
Employers can help by allowing breaks and flexible work hours so that women can pump or breastfeed.
Employers can help define and fill classes negotiated for local delivery.
Employers can help even more by hiring qualified blind persons in their businesses.
Employers can help students to develop professionally.
Employers can help their workers save on parking and travel costs.
Employers can help to protect themselves against fraud, too.
Employers can help with the information and planning required.
Employers can help.
Employers can hire students for as few as ten weeks.
Employers can identify and develop workers for a wide range of skilled jobs.
Employers can impose limits, however, on the frequency of such changes, if desired.
Employers can indefinitely delay the election process or appeal it forever.
Employers can infringe on employees' privacy in a number of ways.
Employers can interview the most qualified candidates on one day at one location.
Employers can introduce basic safety devices and train staff in safety awareness.
Employers can lead and ensure that any Web sites they develop are accessible to disabled people.
Employers can learn about any injury that went to an appeals board.
Employers can learn practical lessons from Herzberg's theory.
Employers can legally stop withholding.
Employers can list a vacancy for FREE and rates for a full advert are amazingly low.
Employers can list available positions.
Employers can list job openings directly into the data base.
Employers can list job openings or search for a resume.
Employers can list jobs and search for students from the convenience of their offices.
Employers can list jobs for free.
Employers can list new internships for our students at any time.
Employers can list openings for experienced attorneys, new graduates and law clerks at any time.
Employers can list openings for seekers to view.
Employers can list their job openings, as well as access an extensive resume database.
Employers can list their openings and look at resumes.
Employers can locate qualified applicants by posting job openings free of charge.
Employers can look at students' resumes by going to the Web Resume Book .
Employers can mail, fax, call or email their job descriptions to our office.
Employers can make a difference by offering workers the flexibility to stay on the job.
Employers can make a difference.
Employers can make a worker's choice easier.
Employers can make accommodations for all their employees and everybody wins.
Employers can make contributions to such plans under a salary reduction agreement with the employee.
Employers can make deductions in respect of overpayment of wages or expenses.
Employers can make it easy for employees to get involved.
Employers can make lawful deductions from wages in certain situations.
Employers can make severance payments in lump sums or in periodic payments.
Employers can manage to insure more people if fewer services are covered.
Employers can match some or all contributions subject to maximum.
Employers can maximize their visibility at the Tech e-fair with banner ads.
Employers can mitigate the distress of layoffs.
Employers can mold capable employees into team leaders or trainers for a long-term benefit.
Employers can monitor employee's use of the computer.
Employers can monitor Internet usage such as web-surfing and electronic mail.
Employers can monitor our email exchanges at work.
Employers can negotiate with employees about work conditions.
Employers can no longer charge for fees for processing employment applications.
Employers can no longer combine and report the withholding as a single amount.
Employers can no longer hire or fire who they wish.
Employers can no longer ignore training and user support as a method of increasing productivity.
Employers can no longer make QWAs with juniors.
Employers can no longer nurture, groom and foster our long-term career growth and development.
Employers can no longer simply sign petitions prepared by alien employees without risking liability.
Employers can now average out overtime pay over a four-week period.
Employers can now make arrangements to recruit on campus through our homepage.
Employers can now post their own jobs.
Employers can now select a specific email box for each position.
Employers can now submit evaluation forms over the internet.
Employers can obtain assistance in meeting their employment needs.
Employers can obtain examples of best practice within their own industry.
Employers can obtain medical information about employees when they are paying for medical insurance.
Employers can offer a more attractive benefit.
Employers can offer a product that meets the needs of employees concerned with intensive care costs.
Employers can offer attractive health benefits.
Employers can offer employment opportunities to achieve diversity in the workplace.
Employers can offer life insurance for employees through a group life insurance plan.
Employers can offer significant benefits to their employees, helping employees help themselves.
Employers can offer such training as a carrot for current and potential employees.
Employers can only file information on the official forms.
Employers can only obtain criminal records by searching individual courthouses.
Employers can open a free job posting account.
Employers can organize geographically to provide shuttle bus services to and from work.
Employers can own their employees' inventions.
Employers can participate at any level.
Employers can participate in the eJobLine.
Employers can pay all or a portion of their employees cost of taking the bus.
Employers can pay below minimum wage for a certain period of time for training.
Employers can pay directly for vanpool expenses or purchase transit passes for employees.
Employers can pay for the benefit and receive an equivalent deduction from business income taxes.
Employers can pay part or all of the premium.
Employers can perform a variety of searches for appropriate instructional faculty candidates.
Employers can perform online testing and access test results in a private online account.
Employers can permanently replace striking workers without penalty.
Employers can pick and choose the parts of the program that best fit their workplace.
Employers can pick and choose, so it's a little frustrating.
Employers can place classified advertisements and job candidates can search the classifieds.
Employers can place job orders for high school and post secondary students to view.
Employers can play a great role in assisting their workers in enjoying a greater quality of life.
Employers can play a key role.
Employers can play a valuable role by encouraging staff and providing practical assistance.
Employers can play an important role in keeping employees drug free.
Employers can post a human resources opportunity using our online employer's form.
Employers can post a job here.
Employers can post a job opening and use the resume database to fill a position.
Employers can post a trial position for free.
Employers can post ads for free and subscriptions are free.
Employers can post ads, manage job ads, search for candidates, hire headhunter and more.
Employers can post an ad, search resumes, and find good candidates.
Employers can post company information and job opportunities, and receive and search resumes.
Employers can post current internship and job openings.
Employers can post for free.
Employers can post free job listings for entry-level and internship postions.
Employers can post golf-related job openings.
Employers can post health and human services jobs directly and candidates can reply online.
Employers can post job advertisements for free.
Employers can post job listings and job seekers can search and apply for jobs.
Employers can post job listings and job-seekers are encouraged to post their resumes.
Employers can post job listings and review candidates on-line.
Employers can post job listings and search resumes by keyword.
Employers can post job listings and search through thousands of local resumes.
Employers can post job listings for a small fee.
Employers can post job listings here.
Employers can post job listings.
Employers can post job notices for a fee.
Employers can post job openings and browse through resumes submitted by job seekers.
Employers can post job openings and job seekers can search job opportunities.
Employers can post job openings and search our databank using keywords and specific criteria.
Employers can post job openings and search resume database for applicant information.
Employers can post job openings and search resumes for potential employees.
Employers can post job openings for free.
Employers can post job openings for job seekers to view.
Employers can post job openings, as well.
Employers can post job openings.
Employers can post job opportunities and users can post a resume or search the jobs database.
Employers can post job opportunities either by location or by job category.
Employers can post job opportunities using different levels of discretion.
Employers can post job opportunities, and review resumes.
Employers can post job requirements in the web for all to see.
Employers can post job vacancies on-line.
Employers can post jobs ads and find employees.
Employers can post jobs and candidates can submit their credentials.
Employers can post jobs and learn more about the benefits of hiring veterans.
Employers can post jobs and search for job candidates.
Employers can post jobs and search for resumes.
Employers can post jobs and search through our database of resumes all for free.
Employers can post jobs as well.
Employers can post jobs directly for a nominal fee.
Employers can post jobs for free and also see profiles of people looking for jobs.
Employers can post jobs for free using the online submission form.
Employers can post jobs for free.
Employers can post jobs here at no charge.
Employers can post jobs here for free.
Employers can post jobs here.
Employers can post jobs on the website.
Employers can post jobs one at a time or by annual subscription.
Employers can post jobs online as well.
Employers can post jobs on-line for students and alumni to review.
Employers can post jobs online here.
Employers can post jobs or events.
Employers can post jobs related to the golf industry.
Employers can post jobs, and can also conduct automated resume searches.
Employers can post jobs, including profiles, logos, a banner and links.
Employers can post jobs, look at research, and look at resumes.
Employers can post jobs, search resumes , and publish profiles of their companies.
Employers can post listings for free.
Employers can post open listings for free too.
Employers can post openings and view resumes, and job seekers can submit resumes.
Employers can post openings for no charge.
Employers can post openings free of charge.
Employers can post position openings via e-mail.
Employers can post positions and browse resumes.
Employers can post positions using a credit card to pay the fee.
Employers can post their job listings after signing up.
Employers can post their job openings and job seekers can post their profile.
Employers can post their jobs openings on the provincial job bank on their own.
Employers can post their latest jobs and clients can develop their own online resumes.
Employers can post their openings at the same site.
Employers can post their openings on their own web site, or use an internet job posting site.
Employers can post their own job openings and search resumes for qualified job seekers.
Employers can post their own listings which are instantly added to existing job offers.
Employers can post their positions and job seekers can list their vitaes.
Employers can post to the list.
Employers can post vacancies and job seekers can find listings of vacancies.
Employers can prescreen and select students with whom they wish to interview.
Employers can present benefits employees want without affecting their business' bottom line.
Employers can present dental plans based on the dynamics of their employees.
Employers can preview talented students, who are studying the most recent technology.
Employers can preview the resumes for free and then pay for the contact information.
Employers can profitably meet or exceed environmental compliance threshold requirements.
Employers can provide a more comprehensive benefits program at no additional cost.
Employers can provide a more comprehensive benefits program at no direct cost.
Employers can provide appropriate, entry-level jobs to high school students.
Employers can provide employee benefits choices through voluntary employee-paid benefits.
Employers can provide motivation to succeed and then reward that success.
Employers can provide other health care coverage or pay health security premiums for employees.
Employers can provide resources for one or more schools.
Employers can provide time for parents to take part in the child s learning.
Employers can pull credit reports before hiring a new employee.
Employers can purchase candidate profiles.
Employers can purchase mailing labels for their own direct mailing.
Employers can purchase tests that screen for certain personality types or job suitability.
Employers can put printed flyer in payroll envelopes.
Employers can put specific limits on chronic benefits.
Employers can query the resume database by using a keyword search.
Employers can quickly check criminal records and deny employment to former inmates.
Employers can reach a sizable number of local area students.
Employers can read employees' personal e-mails and track their Internet explorations.
Employers can receive a tax break by employing individuals that are disabled.
Employers can receive candidates' results by fax or by mail.
Employers can receive candidates' results by fax or mail.
Employers can receive candidates' results by fax or phone.
Employers can receive print or on-line resumes.
Employers can receive training on how to provide an accessible workplace.
Employers can receive wage subsidies to offset new employee orientation expenses.
Employers can recruit for full-time positions and internships.
Employers can reduce costly overhead, such as office and parking space, through telework.
Employers can reduce costly overhead, such as office and parking space. through telework.
Employers can reduce payroll costs by implementing phased-in retirement.
Employers can reduce payroll costs while employees increase their take-home pay.
Employers can reduce the risk, of hiring the wrong person for the job.
Employers can reduce the risks to their workers with some common-sense strategies.
Employers can register for a free password.
Employers can register for the new system, list job orders, and search resumes all at the same time.
Employers can register for the program at any time.
Employers can register on-line .
Employers can register online now.
Employers can register On-Line.
Employers can register positions online to be posted the week before and during the annual meetings.
Employers can register to participate in the program.
Employers can register via the web site or by mail.
Employers can register, post jobs, and search resumes.
Employers can remit contributions by check or electronic funds transfer.
Employers can replace ex-workers with new workers at no additional cost.
Employers can replace workers in wildcat strikes and can sue the union for damages.
Employers can report new hires by leaving a detailed voice message.
Employers can request a temporary employee via the site.
Employers can request candidates online securely and anonymously .
Employers can require a preplacement medical exam including genetic tests.
Employers can require drug tests.
Employers can respond to any candidate they choose.
Employers can review how many jobseekers have viewed and applied for their positions.
Employers can review posted resumes or list job openings.
Employers can review student resumes on line as well as submit positions for posting.
Employers can run a credit report on potential or even current employees.
Employers can save money and increase productivity by hiring only certified professionals.
Employers can save money on advertising by interviewing only qualified candidates.
Employers can save real estate costs, improve productivity and enhance employee morale.
Employers can save time and money by using our services.
Employers can scan the resumes, then, for good prospective employees.
Employers can schedule interview dates up to one year in advance.
Employers can screen out unwanted messaging.
Employers can search a large pool of job applicants.
Employers can search a list of electronic resumes.
Employers can search a record with written permission from the person.
Employers can search an online database on developers and post FREE job adverts.
Employers can search and review resumes, post their job openings, and access many employer services.
Employers can search both industry and non-industry resume banks.
Employers can search for applicants and healthcare professionals can search for jobs.
Employers can search for available workers by job title and by county, region or state.
Employers can search for people with specific skills to contact directly for free.
Employers can search for skills anywhere in the world.
Employers can search for specific skills using detailed skill categories.
Employers can search for students that meet their employment needs.
Employers can search for talent and post jobs.
Employers can search resumes and place ads.
Employers can search resumes and post job openings.
Employers can search resumes for free.
Employers can search resumes.
Employers can search the database for potential candidates.
Employers can search the list of prospective employees or post job applications.
Employers can search the resume database or post jobs directly online.
Employers can search the resumes by category to find qualified job applicants.
Employers can search the student records for potential employees.
Employers can search the submitted job resumes that are on-line.
Employers can see if job applicants are listed.
Employers can select candidates to interview, with no obligation to hire.
Employers can select from a variety of health care plans.
Employers can select potential candidates for recruitment.
Employers can select the level of recruitment support they require.
Employers can select which students they choose to interview in two ways.
Employers can set limitations of access based on category, time of day and more.
Employers can sometimes be a rich source of financial aid for workers.
Employers can specify skills matching and ranking when posting jobs.
Employers can spend quite a bit of money keeping the employees outfitted in their planos.
Employers can spot a generic cover letter from a mile away.
Employers can still deduct all contributions as a business expense.
Employers can still find out about employees but employees now can find out about employers.
Employers can still take advantage of our special offer for FREE job postings.
Employers can store, edit, delete, and activate an unlimited number of resume search agent profiles.
Employers can structure the benefit in several ways.
Employers can submit information about their current job openings by phone, e-mail or fax.
Employers can submit new jobs directly.
Employers can submit specific data about their job offerings.
Employers can submit staffing requests for free and search candidates.
Employers can submit tax information either by modem or diskette.
Employers can submit their job openings via an online form.
Employers can submit vacancies on-line.
Employers can t just hire a technician.
Employers can take a functional approach in implementing flexible benefit plans.
Employers can take advantage of off-peak equipment use.
Employers can take resumes from the binders.
Employers can take several steps to reduce the risk of legal liability.
Employers can take steps to reduce their exposure to fraudulent hiring lawsuits.
Employers can take steps to reduce their exposure.
Employers can target directly the people who are bringing the union in.
Employers can teach managers to be more sympathetic to employee's emotional needs.
Employers can teach the content through various methods such as training or mentoring.
Employers can tell padding from substance.
Employers can then call and request resumes of students that meet their specified qualifications.
Employers can then contact candidates directly via the information from the form.
Employers can then contact candidates from the pool directly.
Employers can then make better hiring decisions in much less time.
Employers can then review each student's personal profile and e-mail selected students individually.
Employers can then search for applicants based on the profile data the job seeker entered.
Employers can then search for suitable personnel.
Employers can then use their internal resources to focus on other administrative tasks.
Employers can track who has completed the course from a special administration area.
Employers can transmit hiring, wage, and tax information electronically.
Employers can understand that far more readily than they can ever understand or tolerate dishonesty.
Employers can update or revise their company data or employment information at their convenience.
Employers can update, change or post new positions on the site.
Employers can use a packet sniffer on their LANs.
Employers can use any format they choose to convey their message.
Employers can use any medium and format they desire to report new hires.
Employers can use co-op students to address short and long term staffing needs.
Employers can use hair analysis as a test to determine if employees are using drugs.
Employers can use one of several online resources to find employees.
Employers can use our service free.
Employers can use several approaches in minimizing their workers' compensation claims.
Employers can use that evidence to squelch the lawsuit.
Employers can use the Internet Module to post and update their job openings and process referrals.
Employers can use the same rationale to deny people jobs.
Employers can use the service to target their vacancies directly to students by e-mail.
Employers can use the site to offer classroom presentations, job shadows, and internships.
Employers can use the site to search resumes, identified by numbers.
Employers can use the virtual agent office to recruit the best candidates.
Employers can use the Web site to place job orders.
Employers can use their own numeric codes on the forms to help identify matters.
Employers can use video to effectively screen potential candidates, thus saving time and money.
Employers can usually fire employees for any reason.
Employers can usually reward employees for their experience, expertise, and loyalty to the firm.
Employers can utilize more than one recruitment suite for the on-campus interviews.
Employers can utilize the objective data as evidence of effectiveness of hearing protection.
Employers can vary the amount from year to year, or skip the contribution entirely.
Employers can view a full order history online.
Employers can view and print the r sum s of the individuals they want to pursue further.
Employers can view listed resumes.
Employers can view resumes and submit job postings.
Employers can view the posted resumes and select the students they wish to interview.
Employers can view their open jobs and search available candidates.
Employers can work through the centers to list their job openings and to find qualified workers.
Employers can, however, provide some tools to help.
Employers care mostly about experience.
Employers certainly say that's how rewards are handed out.
Employers charge that today's graduates are ill-equipped to enter the workforce.
Employers choose between two sign-up systems.
Employers choose expatriation rather than hiring local for several reasons.
Employers choose from among the qualified people who apply.
Employers choose the option that is best for their group.
Employers claim that many job seekers give vague and indefinite responses.
Employers claim the right and authority to run their business as they see fit.
Employers clearly reward people with good cognitive skills.
Employers click here .
Employers click here for a custom applicant search.
Employers click here to post free help wanted ads.
Employers click here to register.
Employers click here.
Employers Click on an area in the map to go to that employer's website.
Employers Click on employer's name to visit their website and to inquire about job opportunities.
Employers Click on the following company logos or company names to access their corporate Website.
Employers Click on the following company names to access their corporate Website.
Employers Click on the following link to view possible employers for philosophy majors.
Employers collect every pay-day, but they only report individual's contributions annually.
Employers come first and agencies take a cut from workers' wage packets.
Employers come for the day event and recruit the best of the Midwest students and graduates.
Employers come in from time to time and tell the man behind the railing their needs.
Employers come to campus to interview from the business, industry, government and education fields.
Employers come to campus to interviews candidates for positions in all fields.
Employers come to campus with the hope of identifying quality candidates for their organizations.
Employers come to our campuses seeking to fill job openings by recruiting our graduates.
Employers come to post jobs, but they stay to browse portfolios.
Employers commonly hold the worker's passport as a way of ensuring continued subservience.
Employers commonly offer medical, dental and retirement plans.
Employers compensate students in accordance with their ability to pay.
Employers compete for highly skilled employees in the international marketplace.
Employers complain about rising costs.
Employers complain that information technology workers remain scarce throughout the district.
Employers complete and sign Cooperative Education Proposal forms when students are hired.
Employers compute taxable wages and taxes due and remit payment with the report.
Employers concur with the agreement, even though they consider the wage increase somewhat high.
Employers confirm low absenteeism, low turnover rate.
Employers consider it a benchmark of interest and preparation.
Employers consider likely worker response to their management practices.
Employers consider relevant work experience highly when selecting future employees.
Employers consider skill accumulation more important than degrees.
Employers consistently prefer to hire the experienced performer.
Employers consistently raise retention issues with placement staff.
Employers consistently rate communication skills to be central to an employee's success.
Employers consistently rate information literacy as the most desirable workplace readiness skill.
Employers consistently rate our graduates as exemplary employees.
Employers consistently request student information on-line.
Employers consistently return to hire qualified graduates.
Employers consistently view good writing skills as a top priority when judging applicants.
Employers conspire to keep wages low.
Employers constantly say they have trouble finding qualified people eager to work.
Employers constantly seek graduates with good thinking skills.
Employers constantly threaten to shut down in order to thwart unionization.
Employers contact alumni directly if they are interested.
Employers contact candidates directly for interviews or other follow up.
Employers contact EARN call center or web site.
Employers contact our office seeking resumes for specific positions.
Employers contact the school with employee needs.
Employers contact the student directly to arrange for interviews.
Employers continue to emphasize the total package.
Employers continue to increase wages to attract and retain employees.
Employers continue to increase wages.
Employers continue to rely on overtime to fill employment gaps.
Employers continue to report very low layoff incidence.
Employers continue to seek applicants with strong communication skills.
Employers continue to share premium costs with their employees at the same level.
Employers continue to use our headhunter services because our matches turn into happy endings.
Employers contribute a percentage of gross payroll to the fund.
Employers contribute job-related criteria for inclusion in classroom curriculum.
Employers contribute to the fund, which is running a surplus.
Employers contribute, and employees can elect to contribute if they wish.
Employers control trade secret information by keeping it secret.
Employers count on people who can think logically and analytically.
Employers cover the total cost of workers' compensation.
Employers create unions.
Employers criticize government's plan to reward businesses with apprentices Bonn.
Employers currently can petition for part- time workers.
Employers currently can petition for part-time workers.
Employers currently face serious challenges in attracting and retaining qualified workers.
Employers currently pay for our service.
Employers currently record every injury that occurs at the workplace.
Employers customarily compensate students in accordance with their ability to pay.
Employers customize training programs to meet their unique needs.
Employers damage themselves with their current employees when they insult a departing employee.
Employers decide from the cover letter whether the resume is worth that time.
Employers decide how to monitor the program.
Employers decide if the internship is paid or unpaid.
Employers decide what qualifications are necessary for their jobs.
Employers decide who and when to interview.
Employers decide whom they interview and hire.
Employers decide whom to invite for interview.
Employers decide, at their own discretion, the courses and certificates they wish to recognize.
Employers deem well-rounded people as an asset in the work force.
Employers define it as a voluntary quit.
Employers definitely expect paralegals to be professional in both attitude and demeanor.
Employers demand a well-trained work force, which higher education provides.
Employers demand skills, too.
Employers demand that their employees have the skills necessary to function in their organizations.
Employers demand that workers bring skills to the job.
Employers demand the ability to make quick intelligent decisions.
Employers demand valid work experience from college graduates.
Employers deny with impunity the right to association and collective bargaining.
Employers depend on cashiers to be responsible for store merchandise.
Employers design and run sessions which each last around three hours.
Employers designate the matching amount, based on the employee's salary-reduction contributions.
Employers desire independent thinkers that can become an integral part of their organization.
Employers determine how the background information is used as part of the selection process.
Employers determine selection criteria, interview candidates and extend offers directly to students.
Employers determine taxes by multiplying their assigned contribution rate times the taxable wages.
Employers determine the annual maximum and reimbursement formula for expenses incurred.
Employers determine the level of bus fare subsidy for employees.
Employers determine the number of interviews available, as well as job qualifications.
Employers determine the salaries and pay students directly.
Employers determine their training needs and how to provide the best training.
Employers determine what type of health insurance their employees have.
Employers devote extensive resources to identifying the right candidates.
Employers differ on their policies regarding promotion from within the organization.
Employers discuss their company and career opportunities on campus.
Employers dislike candidates who are merely practicing their interviewing skills.
Employers do admit to being picky.
Employers do both and use e-mail, also.
Employers do check references .
Employers do check, and people who make false claims get fired.
Employers do have a right to inspect messages that move through their systems.
Employers do have the opportunity to opt out.
Employers do have, however, summary statistical information concerning the worker pool.
Employers do it all the time.
Employers do look for candidates with a strong liberal arts background and internship experience.
Employers do look for certain qualities in potential employees.
Employers do look for specific qualities when they hire.
Employers do nothing about career paths for staff.
Employers do the same for their job openings.
Employers do train and do value it.
Employers Do use the Internet to learn more about a job candidate.
Employers do well to maintain a positive, happy, progressive attitude.
Employers do what they want law or no.
Employers do, too.
Employers don t care a whole lot about quality today.
Employers don t even know how to value it.
Employers don t have to contribute each year.
Employers don t have to pay wages to employees who are away sick.
Employers don t qualify.
Employers don t want people who can t get along with others, especially if teamwork is required.
Employers dont like to hire smokers.
Employers draw workers from their community.
Employers eat it up.
Employers emphasize the ability to motivate employees, maintain high morale and command respect.
Employers emphasize the ability to motivate employees, maintain high morale, and command respect.
Employers encourage enrollment in Regents or higher-level courses to prepare for demanding careers.
Employers encourage their workers to volunteer for a good cause.
Employers engage in widespread harassment and intimidation against union supporters.
Employers enjoy a free job posting facility.
Employers enjoy substantial savings through POPs, which reduce their payroll taxes.
Employers Enter single listings quickly and easily using our online posting form.
Employers enter the needlestick nightmare world, too.
Employers enter their jobs and identify needed skills.
Employers establish pension plans by paying a certain amount of money into a pension fund.
Employers establish the basic minimum qualifications for the candidates whom they wish to interview.
Employers establish the program.
Employers evaluate critical skills of today's marketing undergrads.
Employers evaluate it when hiring someone for a job.
Employers evaluate students' performances, and a coordinator monitors each intern's progress.
Employers evaluate the work term .
Employers evaluate their employees on how well they do at completing tasks.
Employers eventually follow.
Employers everyday consider work experience in lieu of education in their hiring decisions.
Employers exist to run a business and make money.
Employers expect a focused, well-prepared candidate.
Employers expect a good work ethic from their employees.
Employers expect a polished resume which is graphically easy to read.
Employers expect applicants to dress professionally for interviews.
Employers expect applicants to have basic core skills, such as computer skills, from the outset.
Employers expect college graduates to have technology skills.
Employers expect college students to have good verbal and written communication skills.
Employers expect co-op employee commitment to training and development goals.
Employers expect employees to carry more of the premium cost burden of family coverage.
Employers expect graduates to be fluent in information skills.
Employers expect healthcare providers to follow universal precautions, including wearing gloves.
Employers expect information regarding student cancellations.
Employers expect international students to be well-versed in American language and culture.
Employers expect interview candidates to be more knowledgeable and aware of industry trends.
Employers expect it.
Employers expect journalism graduates to have had at least one internship.
Employers expect professional results.
Employers expect proficiency in word processing skills.
Employers expect reliability and punctuality as minimum standards.
Employers expect students to be proficient in a variety of areas.
Employers expect students to have had quite a few part-time and summer jobs.
Employers expect students to know how to work in a team environment.
Employers expect technical communicators to have excellent written and grammatical skills.
Employers expect that professional staff stay abreast of current trends, changes and technology.
Employers expect the price increase trend to worsen next year.
Employers expect to gain returns on their investments.
Employers expect to negotiate a salary and benefits.
Employers expect to see variety in students' experiences and in the totality of their skills.
Employers expect top intensity of production out of their workers.
Employers expect workers who quit to give two-weeks notice or more.
Employers experience a renewed appreciation from their employees.
Employers experience cost savings associated with recruitment, training and retaining employees.
Employers face a daily avalanche of poorly constructed resumes and weak covering letters.
Employers face a difficult choice.
Employers face a similar struggle with the thorn called overtime.
Employers face an annual funding obligation regardless of company earnings.
Employers face high costs to switch to defined contribution plans.
Employers face increased competition when they have to enter the labor market.
Employers face liability for negligent hiring.
Employers face potential income tax reporting and income tax withholding liability.
Employers favor employees who are committed to producing quality work.
Employers favor entry-level job candidates with internship experience.
Employers favor people with initiative and self-motivation.
Employers fax and mail job opportunities daily.
Employers fax and mail positions to the office daily.
Employers fax employment opportunities daily to our office for Ramapo students and alumni.
Employers fear loss of productivity, drug related illegal activity, and potential liability.
Employers feel more confident about recent college graduates' preparedness for work.
Employers feel that they have a responsibility and duty to monitor the workplace.
Employers feel there is less risk in employing somebody who is known already to one of their staff.
Employers feel they are less clear about the meaning of qualifications awarded for science subjects.
Employers fight back as best as they can.
Employers fill jobs because they have a specific problem.
Employers fill out a form that lists the required education and experience.
Employers fill out a web-based form that describes their needs.
Employers fill out an electronic profile about the jobs they have available.
Employers fill out job descriptions with specific job duties and qualifications.
Employers fill out or copy the Notification Form to be signed by new employees .
Employers fill out similar forms that are entered into the same computer.
Employers fill their labor needs with qualified employees.
Employers filling trainee jobs prefer applicants who are high school graduates.
Employers find absenteeism drops, productivity improves, and turnover diminishes.
Employers find all important information on the company startpage.
Employers find dual backgrounds relevant in today's global economy.
Employers find it hard to come by competent, loyal, enthusiastic and dependable workers.
Employers find it hard to come by competent, loyal, enthusiastic, and dependable workers.
Employers find it increasingly difficult to find qualified applicants to hire.
Employers find it increasingly difficult to find trained workers.
Employers find it more profitable to locate at the urban center and bid up the price of land there.
Employers find it nearly impossible to train their workers for new jobs if they lack basic skills.
Employers find lack of transportation an unacceptable excuse.
Employers find local workers are quickly trained, loyal, and dedicated.
Employers find our graduates highly rewardable.
Employers find our professional services a perfect match for their human resources needs.
Employers find our students to be an economically effective resource.
Employers find our students to be well-trained, enthusiastic and assets to their business.
Employers Find out about the requirements imposed on group plans and health insurance benefits.
Employers Find out more about our FREE recruitment service.
Employers find self-insurance desirable because of potential savings that can be achieved.
Employers find that good health benefits are key to recruiting in a tight labor market.
Employers find that psychology graduates possess strong people skills.
Employers find that students with varied backgrounds make better employees.
Employers find that telecommuting increases productivity and improves attendance.
Employers find the event attractive due to the large number of students they can meet.
Employers Find the right talent.
Employers find the system inefficient and compensate by cutting costs - including payrolls.
Employers find they can accommodate part and full time workers with the telecommuting option.
Employers find they can accommodate workers with the telecommuting option, part or full time.
Employers find varied ways of reviewing applicants.
Employers find workers who are prepared for today's demanding jobs.
Employers first look internally, then to their list of contacts, then to outside adverstisements.
Employers focus on employee conduct even if a worker s disability manifests itself in that conduct.
Employers follow their own selection procedures.
Employers follow up with students directly.
Employers fork out the larger portion of the contributions.
Employers form an impression of our campus by our response.
Employers fund the reminder of the student wage.
Employers furnish power tools, engine analyzers, and other test equipment.
Employers gain a database to keep track of their workers' in order to better match skills and tasks.
Employers gain a single point of contact for the opportunities they want to provide.
Employers gain a skilled work force.
Employers gain a stable, cohesive work force that supports one another.
Employers gain access to an applicant pool that is diverse both in gender and ethnicity.
Employers gain eager, intelligent and conscientious workers.
Employers gain less distracted, more loyal employees.
Employers gain skilled workers in our graduates.
Employers gain the opportunity to draw upon a pool of dedicated, hardworking, skilled individuals.
Employers gain the services of bright, highly motivated, pre-professional employees.
Employers gain too, by becoming more competitive and providing a better service.
Employers gain trained staff and create a workforce with upgraded skills.
Employers gain trained workers to enhance and expand their workforce.
Employers gain when their employees and consumers are better educated.
Employers gauge level of interest through follow-up efforts.
Employers generally bear all investment risk.
Employers generally complain that such choice is too costly.
Employers generally cooperate with the inspections in implementing safety standards.
Employers generally expect recruits to do a lot more learning on the job.
Employers generally feel that people with disabilities are good employees.
Employers generally furnish uniforms and pay for their cleaning.
Employers generally have the right to review their employees' e-mail.
Employers generally hire mechanics with one to five years of experience.
Employers generally look more favorably towards a candidate who is professionally recommended.
Employers generally look more favorably towards a candidate who s professionally recommended.
Employers generally look more favorably towards a candidate who's professionally recommended.
Employers generally pay all or part of the cost of group life premiums.
Employers generally prefer high school graduates.
Employers generally prefer one page resumes.
Employers generally prefer people with a bachelor's degree.
Employers generally prefer to hire people who have at least a high school education.
Employers generally prefer to hire people with some experience or other training.
Employers generally prefer to hire people with some experience with animals.
Employers generally prefer to interview employees separately.
Employers generally prefer workers who know how to use a computer.
Employers generally react favorably to military service experience.
Employers get a break in paying student wages when they sign on to offer summer jobs.
Employers get a lot of To continue learning and growing in a nurturing environment.
Employers get a well prepared employee.
Employers get access to the entire resume file.
Employers Get FREE Web Page.
Employers get frightened and obedient workers.
Employers get highly a educated, competent employee who is available during the summer.
Employers get it from all directions.
Employers get job-ready youth who are prepared to be professional employees.
Employers get lots of responses but very few qualified candidates for their money and trouble.
Employers get skilled workers who are trained from day one to do the job.
Employers get the money's worth.
Employers get to work with highly motivated, enthusiastic students.
Employers give a big edge to people who really want to be with their firm.
Employers give careful attention to a student's attendance record.
Employers give high marks to job candidates who take the time to do company research.
Employers give input on program content, duration, credit or non-credit, and other important issues.
Employers give presentations on sexual harassment, communication skills, and personal budgeting.
Employers Gives an overview of typical places of employment for the job.
Employers go to great lengths to discourage women from organizing.
Employers groom employees for current and future positions.
Employers grouse that e-mailed resumes are often poorly formatted.
Employers hand out job information, talk to students, and sometimes take job applications.
Employers hate litigation threats, and blacklisting can be a hard accusation to prove.
Employers have a common law responsibility to provide a safe workplace and system of work.
Employers have a cost-effective means of evaluating future employees.
Employers have a critical role to insure success.
Employers have a definite role to play in helping students make the transition from school to work.
Employers have a different story.
Employers have a direct interest in ensuring the best-educated workforce.
Employers have a dual advantage.
Employers have a duty of care to all field staff, but everyone has a role in ensuring safety.
Employers have a duty of care to provide and maintain a safe working environment.
Employers have a duty to accommodate employees who are breastfeeding.
Employers have a duty to ensure their workplaces are as free from discrimination as possible.
Employers have a duty to make ' reasonable accommodation' for people with disabilities.
Employers have a duty to some injured workers who are off work because of a disabling condition.
Employers have a few minutes each to present their company and positions available.
Employers have a great respect for our graduates.
Employers have a key role in staff protection.
Employers have a large responsibility to make sure their workplace is free of sexual harassment.
Employers have a legal as well as ethical obligation to provide a safe and equitable workplace.
Employers have a legal duty to ensure work places and work practices are safe and healthy.
Employers have a legal duty to provide a working environment free of discrimination.
Employers have a legal obligation to provide adequate protection for employees.
Employers have a legal obligation to stop and prevent sexual harassment in the workplace.
Employers have a legal responsibility to provide a safe system of work.
Employers have a legitimate interest in a worker's performance.
Employers have a legitimate interest in helping their workforce obtain coverage.
Employers have a legitimate interest in monitoring work to ensure efficiency and productivity.
Employers have a legitimate interest in the safety and protection of their employees.
Employers have a lot to gain by helping employees find and pay for child care.
Employers have a preference on what they expect students to engage.
Employers have a qualified privilege to talk about former employees when giving job references.
Employers have a range of legal obligations to fulfil in relation to the employment of staff.
Employers have a range of responsibilities to employees in their organisations.
Employers have a responsibility for making the working environment safe for workers.
Employers have a responsibility to ensure the safety of their employees, their customers and others.
Employers have a responsibility to keep their employees safe.
Employers have a responsibility to maintain a workplace free of national origin harassment.
Employers have a responsibility to prevent racial discrimination in the workplace.
Employers have a responsibility to protect their workers.
Employers have a responsibility to provide suitable safety equipment designed for the task at hand.
Employers have a right to expect sober, competent and safe performances in their work force.
Employers have a right to expect sober, competent, and safe performances in their work force.
Employers have a right to make business decisions based on legitimate, non-discriminatory reasons.
Employers have a right to manage company resources, but employees have a right to privacy.
Employers have a role to play too.
Employers have a separate contract with each and every one of their employees.
Employers have a similar obligation toward their employees.
Employers have a strong interest in intervening in drug use.
Employers have a strong interest in monitoring the communications of their employees.
Employers have a vested interest in eliminating the problem.
Employers have a veto on whether their employees have any rights to be represented at work.
Employers have a wide variety of compensation elements from which to choose.
Employers have access as well to a wider range of applicants.
Employers have access to a sophisticated multi-user HR management solution.
Employers have access to online resumes submitted by jobseekers.
Employers have all rights to ask for resumes and references.
Employers have an affirmative duty to prevent harassment from occurring.
Employers have an ethical and legal obligation to treat all applicants fairly.
Employers have an extensive safety training program for employees.
Employers have an implied duty of care to protect their employers from workplace bullying.
Employers have an important role in ensuring a pipeline of talent.
Employers have an interest in promoting worker insecurity.
Employers have an obligation to be fair and reasonable.
Employers have an obligation to help invest in the local workforce.
Employers have an obligation to make reasonable job accommodation for an infected employee.
Employers have an obligation to protect their employees.
Employers have an obligation to read a citation with sufficient care.
Employers have an opportunity to provide input into the curriculum in the public schools.
Employers have an option on how to reach workers.
Employers have an option to expand in our country or relocate overseas.
Employers have basic legal obligations in regard to employees and job applicants.
Employers have better control of private security officers.
Employers have broad rights of surveillance since it's their facility.
Employers have egos, just like people.
Employers have employees back to productivity faster.
Employers have enormous latitude to victimize or fire workers who seek to organize a union.
Employers have enough applicants through word of mouth.
Employers have enough problems without hiring a bigot or potential bigot.
Employers have every right to establish the terms on which they offer employment.
Employers have every right to review, monitor or otherwise read any email on their PCs.
Employers have explicit working policies that honor families' time and energy needs.
Employers have few options and many illegal aliens with fraudulent papers are hired.
Employers have few options and many illegal aliens with good fraudulent papers are hired.
Employers have full access to our qualified job seekers.
Employers have full authority to correct employee shortcomings.
Employers have good reason to want to know what attracts entry-level MEs.
Employers have greater responsibilities.
Employers have legal duties to protect the health and safety of their employees.
Employers have legitimate concerns regarding performance and liability.
Employers have liability in several different areas.
Employers have little interest in health care reform.
Employers have little legal defense against corporate campaigns once they're in full gear.
Employers have many misconceptions about drug and alcohol abuse.
Employers have many of their own reasons to be unhappy.
Employers have many reasons to jump on the telecommuting bandwagon.
Employers have many reasons to take advantage of the Internet.
Employers have much to gain from a cycling work force.
Employers have much to lose when their workers are having problems at home.
Employers have needs.
Employers have no faith that the system s graduates can compete in the local job market.
Employers have no fear of children demanding rights or organizing.
Employers have no intention of significantly increasing wages despite sizeable company profits.
Employers have no legal right to ask for such information.
Employers have no remedy but lock out.
Employers have no way to control or weed through the flood of applicants to their postings.
Employers have obligations to keep holiday records .
Employers have one location in Missouri to send all child and spousal support income withholdings.
Employers have plenty of data about their health plans.
Employers have preferences for an employee s weeks per year and hours per week.
Employers have problems.
Employers have reason to be wary.
Employers have salary schedules and budgets and know what they can pay for each position.
Employers have seven business days after payday to send withholding to the state disbursement unit.
Employers have several days to consider the materials and make their selections online.
Employers have several legitimate concerns about employee email.
Employers have several options for administration.
Employers have several options for incorporating school records into the hiring process.
Employers have similar discretion.
Employers have similar problems.
Employers have so many different roles.
Employers have some alternatives or modalities to hire our students as professional assistants.
Employers have some difficulty hiring qualified managerial and professional employees.
Employers have some special obligations when employing employees on a probationary arrangement .
Employers have statutory freedom to invade an employee s cyber-privacy.
Employers have strict liability for sexual harassment by supervisors.
Employers have substantial flexibility in designing their pension plans.
Employers have substantial grounds to believe that unlawful activity is being undertaken.
Employers have the ability to create their own local employer record.
Employers have the advantage in states where unemployment is high and opportunities are limited.
Employers have the duty to ensure that the measuring instruments are properly calibrated.
Employers have the ear of governments.
Employers have the final decision on whom they hire.
Employers have the greatest chance of employee commitment when they lead by example.
Employers have the information required to obtain the appropriate pair for the job.
Employers have the major responsibility for compliance.
Employers have the opportunity to meet and recruit talented new employees.
Employers have the opportunity to provide information on their company and distribute applications.
Employers have the opportunity to showcase their business to prospective employees.
Employers have the opportunity to talk to applicants about their company and specific job openings.
Employers have the opportunity to work with talented and enthusiastic students.
Employers have the option of either open or pre-select schedules.
Employers have the option of employing undergraduates, graduate students, or both.
Employers have the option of purchasing stop-loss insurance coverage.
Employers have the option to edit or delete their internships at any time within the year period.
Employers have the option to establish less restrictive participation requirements.
Employers have the responsibility to provide a safe workplace.
Employers have the right to accept or reject interested students.
Employers have the right to expect an honest day' s work for a day's pay.
Employers have the right to expect an honest day's work for a day's pay.
Employers have the right to expect undivided loyalty from their employees.
Employers have the right to hire and fire without explaining why they make their decisions.
Employers have the right to proof of an employee's military duty.
Employers have the right to refuse unemployment to individuals who are terminated for other reasons.
Employers have the right to require an employee to substitute paid leave for unpaid leave as well.
Employers have the right to restrict the use of company resources, including e-mail.
Employers have the right to suppress the free speech of their employees, so be discreet.
Employers have the right to want a safe and productive workplace.
Employers have the same attitude about people.
Employers have the same freedom to form organizations.
Employers have the same length of time to notify workers of a lock-out.
Employers have the upper hand over employees both when a worker enters and exits the company.
Employers have the upper hand.
Employers have their own problems.
Employers have to balance costs with service.
Employers have to be aware of customs and laws in dealing with employees.
Employers have to create meaningful work and encourage an employee's commitment to the organization.
Employers have to do the right thing.
Employers have to find the people who truly know what they re supposed to.
Employers have to follow certain rules before sacking workers.
Employers have to get more flexible.
Employers have to know when their staff are havingnproblems with back pain.
Employers have to look to the skills of their own people.
Employers have to offer good employee benefits to compete for good workers.
Employers have to pay overtime if their employees work on holidays.
Employers have to provide employees a workplace free from hazards.
Employers have to provide their employees with equally specialized training to use certain tools.
Employers have to sell the vision of their companies.
Employers have to spend much less time training their new hires for their specific CAD application.
Employers have to understand the value that is lost when a key employee leaves.
Employers have two concerns - needs and priorities.
Employers have two on-campus recruiting options.
Employers have two other good reasons to report injuries on time.
Employers have up to seven days after withholding income to get it to the state.
Employers have various requirements for intern or co-op applicants.
Employers heavily recruit from our staff.
Employers help create a pool of skilled workers who can help keep businesses competitive.
Employers help design activities for short-term work experiences.
Employers help support projects.
Employers here are very interested in nurturing their future workforce.
Employers hesitate to provide written references because of the liability involved.
Employers hire applicants who have a high school diploma or who have a certificate of equivalency.
Employers hire apprentices and enter into a contract of indenture.
Employers hire articling students as and when they desired without protocol.
Employers hire candidates for whom they feel some affinity and respect.
Employers hire individuals for many different reasons.
Employers hire more temporary, contract, and part time workers to avoid paying health benefits.
Employers hire new people for three reasons.
Employers hire people they like.
Employers hire people who understand their needs.
Employers hire quickly, especially when they are in a progressive mode.
Employers hire well-trained and experienced employees.
Employers hire workers who have good communication skills.
Employers hiring needs are here today and gone tomorrow.
Employers hiring part time workers expect to hire people with no prior experience or skills.
Employers hold the keys to the transformation of the American health care system.
Employers hope to hire good summer employees as early in the season as possible.
Employers hope to keep salary increases as close to the inflation rate as possible.
Employers identify Co-op positions and prepare job descriptions.
Employers identify effective communication skills as the number one criteria for hiring.
Employers identify the importance of career readiness which reaches beyond course content.
Employers improve employee benefits only when forced by worker action or by labour legislation.
Employers improve recruitment and retention opportunities.
Employers increase workforce with minimal investment.
Employers increasingly check the credit records of potential hires to learn how they manage money.
Employers increasingly desire employees who understand the social elements in society.
Employers increasingly face issues relating to employees' privacy rights.
Employers increasingly request resumes by e-mail.
Employers increasingly seek significant international experience in job candidates.
Employers increasingly use internships to develop a pool of qualified applicants.
Employers incur no such obligation on behalf of the independent contractors that they hire.
Employers incur no tax or worker's compensation liability and avoid the hassle of payroll entry.
Employers indicate that the program has mutual benefits to the employer and the student.
Employers indicate that they like a conversational tone in a cover letter.
Employers indicate their intention to hire more baccalaureate prepared nurses.
Employers initiate drug tests for reasons other than reasonable suspicion.
Employers insist on correct writing.
Employers inspect every detail of an applicant's resume.
Employers interview and hire apprentices from applicants screened by the school.
Employers interview and select appropriate candidates.
Employers interview and select students for employment.
Employers interview and select their own students.
Employers interview at the company or arrange an on-campus visit.
Employers interview people trying to get a job to find out if they are a good person for the job.
Employers interview to fill internships as well as full-time positions.
Employers invest millions of dollars each year in insured employee benefit plans.
Employers invest substantial time and money in recruitment efforts.
Employers is look for people who can problem-solve and working good with other.
Employers judge candidates on two levels.
Employers just love to fill jobs with friends of good employees.
Employers justify child labour by citing various reasons.
Employers keen to attract more female applicants.
Employers keep laying off workers to stay alive.
Employers know it, too.
Employers know it.
Employers know that employee relocations cause major losses in productivity.
Employers know that every story is different, so they dig deeper.
Employers know that happiness is a perception unique to the individual.
Employers know that individuals who pass the exam have a standardized body of knowledge and skills.
Employers know that it is much harder to teach creativity and artistry than to teach technology.
Employers know that life experience is an extremely valuable asset.
Employers know that ongoing conflict can lead to inefficiency and wasted effort.
Employers know that our graduates come from an accredited program and have a good strong background.
Employers know that our graduates have job-ready skills.
Employers know that season workers have a lot to offer.
Employers know that some employers ask employees to write their own letters of recommendation.
Employers know that the resumes in our system are generic.
Employers know that they stay ultimately obligated under the plan to their employees.
Employers know that understanding technology is important for all their employees.
Employers know that word of mouth is the quickest, most economical way to find candidates.
Employers know that workers who dress sloppily often do sloppy work.
Employers know that.
Employers know the checks are right and it all only takes five minutes.
Employers know the market rate.
Employers know the value of foreign education.
Employers know their workers surf the Web while on the clock.
Employers know they are boiler plate.
Employers know veterans have been trained well to do their jobs.
Employers know what they want and what they are buying for their companies.
Employers know what they want.
Employers know which jobs cause the problems.
Employers lag far behind employee demand for commuter assistance benefits.
Employers learn how to dodge discrimination bullet.
Employers lie behind the trend to both longer hours and shorter and more unpredictable hours.
Employers lie to employees.
Employers like how it helps their company's bottom line.
Employers like to hear real-life examples.
Employers like to hire experienced professionals no matter what the field.
Employers like to hire graduates who have been involved in their campus community.
Employers like to hire people who can work well with others on projects.
Employers like to hire people who come highly recommended.
Employers like to hire people with experience, and sometimes hire their most successful interns.
Employers like to hire people with proven leadership skills.
Employers like to hire students from a variety of law schools.
Employers like to hire workers who have many licenses.
Employers like to know that their prospective employees are well rounded.
Employers like to see a connection between coursework and on the job experience.
Employers like to see concrete examples that show transferable skills .
Employers like to see concrete examples that show transferable skills.
Employers like to see improvement.
Employers like to see people who are focused.
Employers like to see students with leadership experience.
Employers like to see volunteer and community work.
Employers limit of liability.
Employers list available jobs and give detailed information on the positions.
Employers list available jobs on-line .
Employers list available positions in newspapers or professional and trade journals.
Employers list contract jobs for free.
Employers list contract writing jobs for free.
Employers list fewer mid-level and upper management positions listed online.
Employers list jobs for a nominal fee, and job searchers browse jobs for free.
Employers list jobs for recent graduates and experienced attorneys.
Employers list opportunities for registered students to view.
Employers list their job openings in several ways.
Employers list writing jobs for free and deal directly with writers.
Employers listen to the tapes to judge the applicant.
Employers listings in the jobs newsletter are free of charge.
Employers live in a world of regulations, obligation, and often needless expense.
Employers located in an eligible area can receive preference in bidding on federal contracts.
Employers login Employers login here.
Employers look at employees that are promotable.
Employers look at high school records and also visit schools and talk to students.
Employers look at people with disabilities as a burden, period.
Employers look at that at every level and at every position.
Employers look at the cover letter for a brief introduction to the person.
Employers look at the way an application is filled out as well as the information on it.
Employers look at turnover rates and more specifically, who is leaving and who is staying.
Employers look at whether applicants played the sport or worked up through the coaching ranks.
Employers look favorably upon applicants that have a proven history of community service.
Employers look favorably upon candidates who have specific and well-defined career goals.
Employers look favourably upon such demonstrations of initiative.
Employers look for a certain amount of self-confidence in applicants, and dressing well can help.
Employers look for a high school diploma, as well as experience working with animals.
Employers look for a perfect resume.
Employers look for a steady progression of increasing responsibilities.
Employers look for all sorts of things in a resume, especially the right words.
Employers look for and are flattered by a candidate's enthusiasm for their opportunity.
Employers look for applicants who are both qualified and interested.
Employers look for brevity and concrete descriptions.
Employers look for candidates who are enthusiastic.
Employers look for candidates who have demonstrated responsibility, creativity and logical thinking.
Employers look for candidates who know what they want.
Employers look for candidates who strive for excellence in all aspects of their lives.
Employers look for candidates with positive outlooks who are easy to get along with.
Employers look for demonstrated leadership.
Employers look for demonstration of applied learning when evaluating resumes.
Employers look for employees who can work well with teams on projects.
Employers look for employees who have both education and related work experience.
Employers look for evidence of commitment and strong interpersonal skills.
Employers look for evidence that an employee can do the job.
Employers look for excellence and they trust Soma to produce the very best.
Employers look for formal training and experienced workers.
Employers look for gaps of unaccountable time.
Employers look for good team players who know how to motivate others and inspire a team effort.
Employers look for involved students.
Employers look for key nouns and tangible activities first.
Employers look for knowledge, skills and ability.
Employers look for leadership skills, however, they want team players.
Employers look for mental alertness, courage, and a sense of public service.
Employers look for more than a college degree when they hire.
Employers look for much more than simply a book smart person.
Employers look for new and different ways of doing things.
Employers look for people who are broadly educated, as well as competent in specific areas.
Employers look for people who are reliable and trustworthy.
Employers look for people who are sociable, energetic, responsible and reliable.
Employers look for people who can get along with other employees and still get the job done.
Employers look for people who enjoy working with people and who treat customers well.
Employers look for people who know their own limitations and are interested in self-improvement.
Employers look for people who seem comfortable with themselves and the interview process.
Employers look for people with degrees in history or library science or, increasingly, both.
Employers look for people with leadership ability, communication skills and self-confidence.
Employers look for people with the skills that an undergraduate education in sociology provides.
Employers look for persons with such a bent of mind, as personal growth benefits the workplace too.
Employers look for problem-solvers who get things done.
Employers look for skilled individuals with the aptitude needed to handle tools and equipment.
Employers look for something more from experienced workers.
Employers look for something that makes prospective employees distinctive.
Employers look for steady, alert workers who are team players and who follow instructions.
Employers look for students from accredited programs.
Employers look for technical competence.
Employers look for well rounded individuals who involve themselves with extra curricular activities.
Employers look for work experience.
Employers look for workers who are dependable and able to follow instructions.
Employers look for workers who work well as part of a team.
Employers look to their own student interns first for job candidates.
Employers look very positively on improved academic record.
Employers looking for help can find temporary agencies and employee leasing services as well.
Employers looking for people to fill entry-level posts say they turn to some sites more than others.
Employers looking for workers buy access to the resume database.
Employers lose billions of dollars a year due to back injuries.
Employers lose hundreds of millions of dollars in wages.
Employers lose income because of interruptions to production or services.
Employers lose too.
Employers love a caustic attitude.
Employers love confident interviewees.
Employers love enthusiasm.
Employers love it.
Employers love our graduates.
Employers love reducing travel-related disruption.
Employers love such stations.
Employers love that.
Employers love the prospect of a supply of cheap workers.
Employers love to base a job offer on a person's last salary.
Employers love to hire students because it's usually a positive experience all the way around.
Employers love to keep tabs on their workers.
Employers love to see people with leadership experience.
Employers love to see that an employee volunteers and cares about their community.
Employers maintain quality workers.
Employers make a formal employment offer to the students selected.
Employers make contributions on behalf of their employees.
Employers make contributions to IRAs that are maintained by employees.
Employers make decisions in a week after a single interview.
Employers make decisions on a competitive basis.
Employers make matching contributions.
Employers make more profit if workers do the same work for lower wages.
Employers make out pretty well, too.
Employers make sufficient contributions to the plan to pay for future benefits.
Employers make the final hiring decision.
Employers make the final hiring decisions.
Employers make the final selection.
Employers make the hiring decisions and establish the working conditions, salary and benefits.
Employers make the interview and hiring decisions.
Employers make the same trade-off.
Employers make their selection and HOPE the students sign up for an interview.
Employers make up their mind about candidates very early.
Employers match contributions made by employees.
Employers match employee contributions dollar for dollar.
Employers match the hours to the rate of pay.
Employers match their employees share.
Employers meet the cost of workers' compensation by insurance.
Employers move into roles as educators.
Employers move out to edge cities because nobody lives in the old downtown anymore.
Employers nationwide list current job vacancies which are published on a regular basis.
Employers nationwide receive turn key benefits management.
Employers naturally try to tailor their perks to the kind of workers they're seeking to hire.
Employers negotiate with a local masseur to come in once or several times a week at a special rate.
Employers never support any policies that tend to lower their profits by raising wages.
Employers never verify the specific job duties and experience a candidate lists on their resume.
Employers normally furnish special tools, and a few provide the entire kit.
Employers normally provide housing, but most teachers have to pay their own airfare.
Employers normally request a resume and a transcript with the application.
Employers notice and hire that kind of experience.
Employers notify apprentices and schools about any changes in the status of applicants.
Employers notify the Co-op staff of any concerns immediately.
Employers notify the Co-op staff of the students they desire to hire.
Employers now expect to lose an average of one in five employees a year.
Employers now have a national resource for staff recruitment.
Employers now have a verification tool to distinguish among candidates for hiring and promotion.
Employers now have an effective and easily achieved defense for harassment cases.
Employers now have less wiggle room when it comes to their role in a sexual harassment matter.
Employers now have the right to fire workers without notice.
Employers now require a highly sophisticated level of technical training in many industries.
Employers nowadays look for more than just technical skills.
Employers obtain assistance locating qualified workers.
Employers obtain quality assistance from USD business students.
Employers obviously believe the programs are working.
Employers occasionally identify students whom they wish to interview.
Employers offer flexible hours, employee discounts, and valuable customer service experience.
Employers offer job schedules which conform to individuals' preferences.
Employers offer no confidentiality protection like that of doctors, attorneys or ministers.
Employers offer quite a bit of professional support too.
Employers offer retirement and other benefits as a means to recruit and retain qualified workers.
Employers offer salaries based on skills, years of experience and current salary guidelines.
Employers offer students supervision and a progression of responsibilities over time.
Employers offer telecommuting, lax hours, no dress code, bigger and bigger benefit packages.
Employers offer wages or a salary to the workers in exchange for the worker 's work or labor .
Employers offer wages or a salary to the workers in exchange for the worker's work or labor.
Employers offer what they can afford.
Employers only handle the money.
Employers only have access to their own information.
Employers only have to deal with one organisation.
Employers only have to pay employees for time spent performing work for their benefit.
Employers only look on the site for resumes.
Employers only pay for their services if an employer hires a candidate referred by their firm.
Employers only pay if they wish to use the service.
Employers only receive materials by matching candidate criteria.
Employers open enrollment for FSAs only once a year.
Employers organize local business coalitions to improve the value of health care.
Employers ought to be willing to describe the job, warts and all.
Employers ought to treat employees as an investment rather than an expense.
Employers owe no payroll tax on participant contributions.
Employers owe that to the others who do show up.
Employers participate in career fairs to meet students and recruit employees.
Employers participate in our On-Campus Recruiting and Resume Referral Programs.
Employers participate in workplace giving campaigns on a voluntary basis.
Employers participate in workshops and seminars on human resource and labor law information.
Employers particularly appreciate our screening and referral capabilities.
Employers pass almost all of it on through lower wages.
Employers pass over lengthy statements.
Employers pay a commission for the hires they make.
Employers pay a fee for access to the pool of job candidates.
Employers pay a fee to access the database and review the resumes of qualified members.
Employers pay a fee to access the database and view resumes of qualified members.
Employers pay a fee to advertise.
Employers pay a fee to post job openings.
Employers pay a fee to post jobs.
Employers pay a fee.
Employers pay a fixed fee for their job openings to be sent to suitable candidates.
Employers pay a matching amount.
Employers pay a nominal fee to post their positions.
Employers pay a payroll tax, a certain percentage of each employee's taxable wage base.
Employers pay a percentage of the value of the total contract with a contractor.
Employers pay a portion of an employee's health insurance premium.
Employers pay a portion of medical and dental insurance and are subject to several payroll taxes.
Employers pay a premium to provide compensation for injured employees.
Employers pay a registration fee to participate.
Employers pay a set fee per employee enrolled in the plan.
Employers pay a small fee to access resumes posted here.
Employers pay a small fee to post a job and send it to our candidate resume database.
Employers pay a small fee.
Employers pay a subscription to access the database of candidates and submit job requirements.
Employers pay a tax based on their payroll and past benefit experience.
Employers pay all fees.
Employers pay all of the costs of workers' compensation insurance.
Employers pay an equal amount to match what employees pay.
Employers pay annual fees based on how much they use the service.
Employers pay benefits at a set rate and they are immune from common-law liability.
Employers pay close attention to previous work experience.
Employers pay dearly for services such as insurance for employees.
Employers pay dearly for their employees' health-care benefit programs.
Employers pay different rates for different jobs.
Employers pay fee to advertise.
Employers pay fees based on the number of employees.
Employers pay fees to post job listings and are contacted by fax, e-mail, or snail mail.
Employers pay for concrete knowledge.
Employers pay for injuries that occur both on and off the job.
Employers pay for listings.
Employers pay for much of the coverage that insures most people today.
Employers pay for online advertising.
Employers pay for over half of the benefit program costs such as health and life insurance.
Employers pay for postings.
Employers pay for the service when they post their job listings on the site.
Employers pay for their services up front and throughout the recruitment process.
Employers pay for travel, including reimbursement for job-related use of the technician's car.
Employers pay for two types of obligations when they make payments to the employer reserve.
Employers pay good salaries to keep good people.
Employers pay half of the contributions.
Employers pay insurance premiums for each employee.
Employers pay minimum wage or higher.
Employers pay more than enough in FUTA taxes to provide proper funding.
Employers pay no salaries.
Employers pay nothing to browse submitted r sum s, but pay to advertise job openings.
Employers pay only for successful hires.
Employers pay only if they hire a candidate.
Employers pay our fees.
Employers Pay Premiums.
Employers pay progressive wages based upon apprentice skill and experience level.
Employers pay room charges as well.
Employers pay state unemployment tax on a portion of wages.
Employers pay students and are partially reimbursed.
Employers pay students direct.
Employers pay students for the work performed.
Employers pay the cost and are protected from most law suits by injured workers.
Employers pay the costs of injuries whether they occur on the job or off the job.
Employers pay the firefighters when they go out on calls to serve the public.
Employers pay the government unemployment insurance for each employee.
Employers pay the percentage on top of earned wages while employees pay it out of their wages.
Employers pay to advertise their vacancies here.
Employers pay to list jobs and search that database.
Employers pay to list their jobs on the site, and the service is free to job-seekers.
Employers pay to post jobs and search the resume database.
Employers pay to post positions.
Employers pay well below it.
Employers permit very limited paid time off.
Employers pick up on that.
Employers place a high priority on persons who can assume responsibility and motivate co-workers.
Employers place a premium on workers who develop such skills.
Employers place as much value on a volunteer position as they do on a paid position.
Employers place considerable value on a UMUC education.
Employers place different emphasis on skills according to their needs.
Employers place great emphasis on job experience looking for full time employees.
Employers place great importance on being able to answer quickly and intelligently.
Employers place high regard on the management and leadership skills that ROTC instructors stress.
Employers place just as much value in internship experience now as they ever have.
Employers play a major role in ensuring adequate retirement preparation.
Employers post a FREE profile of internship opportunities and their ideal candidate.
Employers post available internships and search for interns.
Employers post financial jobs and search resumes.
Employers post free job ads.
Employers post job ads free.
Employers post job listings and search resumes nationwide.
Employers post job openings and schedule interviews with candidates.
Employers post job opportunities for students to view for the next six months.
Employers post jobs and search resumes.
Employers post jobs for a fee.
Employers post jobs, find quality candidates.
Employers post jobs, receive resumes online and search database of insurance professionals.
Employers post openings for free.
Employers post projects, and freelancers bid on the projects.
Employers post projects.
Employers post their job openings immediately ensuring the latest opportunities are available.
Employers post their jobs based on several criteria, including degree level.
Employers post vacancies all over the world.
Employers posting high wage job vacancies are less likely to find a suitable worker.
Employers praise older workers for desirable qualities and skills.
Employers praise the procedure as an antidote to runaway litigation costs.
Employers praise the traits of Binghamton graduates.
Employers predict significant growth in Internet-based business.
Employers prefer a college education for management training positions.
Employers prefer a separate sheet of references.
Employers prefer applicants who have a high school diploma or equivalency certificate.
Employers prefer applicants who have finished at least two or three years of high school.
Employers prefer applicants who have practical experience with computer networks.
Employers prefer applicants who have previous experience in construction.
Employers prefer applicants who have strong math and science skills.
Employers prefer applicants who have taken college courses related to the specialty area.
Employers prefer applicants who have work experience and are in good physical condition.
Employers prefer applicants with a good driving record and some experience driving a truck.
Employers prefer applicants with a good driving record.
Employers prefer applicants with a high school education with some business courses.
Employers prefer applicants with at least a high school education.
Employers prefer applicants with computer skills.
Employers prefer applicants with formal training in electronics and computer repair.
Employers prefer applicants with specialized training.
Employers prefer apprentices with high school or vocational school diplomas.
Employers prefer candidates who are focused and directed.
Employers prefer candidates who have had recent experience.
Employers prefer candidates who show they really want a job.
Employers prefer candidates with a technical background and greater specialization.
Employers prefer candidates with some computer literacy.
Employers prefer drafting applicants who have completed post-high school training in drafting.
Employers prefer enthusiastic, goal-oriented, motivated people.
Employers prefer high school graduates with experience in maintenance.
Employers prefer high school graduates with some post-secondary business courses.
Employers prefer high school graduates.
Employers prefer mechanics who can perform a wide variety of tasks.
Employers prefer one-page resumes.
Employers prefer technical applicants who have completed post-high school technology training.
Employers prefer to hire and train workers with some basic knowledge of binding operations.
Employers prefer to hire applicants with some experience operating power sewing machines.
Employers prefer to hire fitness trainers and instructors who are certified.
Employers prefer to hire graduates of formal training programs.
Employers prefer to hire inspectors who have formal training as well as experience.
Employers prefer to hire people who have completed or are completing high school.
Employers prefer to hire people with experience, especially professional experience.
Employers prefer to hire people with formal training in appliance repair and electronics.
Employers prefer to hire young, well-educated men with some work experience.
Employers prefer to promote or hire skilled machinists or machine operators for programmer jobs.
Employers prefer to read only one page .
Employers prefer to see relevant work experience listed before education.
Employers prefer to view the r sum s of interested students prior to scheduling interviews.
Employers prefer workers who have a clean and neat appearance.
Employers prefer workers who have gone through an apprenticeship program.
Employers prescreen resumes and select students whom they wish to interview.
Employers prescreen their entire schedule.
Employers pride themselves on being equal opportunity employers.
Employers promise to buy more products and strengthen their subsidiaries in the East.
Employers promote critical thinkers.
Employers provide career training.
Employers provide extensive benefits to married couples.
Employers provide Internet access to facilitate communication, research and creativity.
Employers provide learning experiences at their work sites.
Employers provide learning experiences for students that develop broad, transferable skills.
Employers provide parking for most employees.
Employers provide release time for mentors to go to their local schools to meet with their mentees.
Employers provide students with valuable opportunities to gain experience in the workplace.
Employers provide the college with job descriptions to be posted.
Employers provide the rest of the wage.
Employers provide training that enables workers to complete a variety of tasks.
Employers provide uniforms and pay for recommended medical examinations.
Employers provide workers' compensation coverage for all workers.
Employers providing students with work-based learning opportunities know the value to the students.
Employers purchase all types of insurance to help covers risks that they are primarily liable for.
Employers purchase health benefits on a yearly basis.
Employers purchase or lease the vans and arrange for maintenance, insurance and administration.
Employers purchase regional transit vouchers for distribution to employees and receive tax benefits.
Employers purchase vouchers for employees to use towards VPSI service fares.
Employers pursue policies designed to promote equality of opportunity and treatment in employment.
Employers put always being late at the top of the list of undesirable traits in an employee.
Employers put lots of things in an employee manual.
Employers range from all levels of government and private industry to non-profit groups.
Employers range from large international corporations to smaller non-profit organizations.
Employers range from small local companies to large international consulting firms.
Employers rank only suitable applicants in order of preference.
Employers rank relevant experience highly when selecting future employees.
Employers rate communication skills as the foremost quality new hires can possess.
Employers rate gradates as needing better speaking and writing skills.
Employers rate our workers the best in the nation in productivity.
Employers react only to related specifics.
Employers read newspapers, they watch the news on TV and they keep their eyes and ears open.
Employers read scores of resumes.
Employers read the cover letter before they read the enclosed resume.
Employers readily pick up on feelings of defeat, self-doubt, and negativity.
Employers realize significant savings since costs are directly related to instruction.
Employers realize that veterans are mature, dependable employees with productive work habits.
Employers realize the full potential of the benefit they bestow on upon their employees.
Employers really do remember students- the good points and the bad.
Employers really have their hands tied.
Employers really have to sift through a lot of resumes.
Employers really look for that.
Employers really look highly upon major-related work experience.
Employers reap the benefits as well.
Employers receive a summary letter indicating who has been tested and whether they are fit for duty.
Employers receive a tax benefit.
Employers receive aggregate profile reports on the health of their workforce.
Employers receive an interview itinerary and resumes prior to the actual interview date.
Employers receive assistance in recruiting qualified students and alumni.
Employers receive automatic notification of expiring jobs.
Employers receive comprehensive utilization and satisfaction reports specific to their population.
Employers receive comprehensive utilization and satisfaction reports.
Employers receive current tax deductions for the entire cost of death benefits provided.
Employers receive hundreds of letters and resumes for each advertised position vacancy.
Employers receive hundreds of resumes daily and can only interview a small number of candidates.
Employers receive hundreds of resumes weekly.
Employers receive large numbers of inquiries and applications.
Employers receive management reports on recruitment efforts and responses.
Employers receive many more resumes than they have positions to fill.
Employers receive many resumes and are usually in a hurry.
Employers receive monthly checks in a very timely manner.
Employers receive payroll voucher statements for their employees as well as management reports.
Employers receive reports detailing applicant inventory.
Employers receive subsidies for the first six months equivalent to the wage paid.
Employers receive tailored services to meet hiring and training requirements.
Employers receive tax preferences for benefits furnished their employees.
Employers receive technical assistance in developing traffic mitigation plans.
Employers receive unsolicited resumes from many interested and qualified job seekers.
Employers receive voided payroll statements for their employees as well as management reports.
Employers recognise that competitive advantage comes increasingly from having the human edge.
Employers recognize action words.
Employers recognize an ABET accredited program and view it favorably.
Employers recognize CNAs as valuable corporate assets in today's information age.
Employers recognize form letters very quickly.
Employers recognize licensed schools as quality institutions.
Employers recognize that being mentally healthy is just as important as being physically healthy.
Employers recognize that master's graduates take initiative and responsibility.
Employers recognize that wages are essential to meeting employees basic needs.
Employers recognize that wages are essential to meeting employees' basic needs.
Employers recognize that wages are essential to meeting employers' basic needs.
Employers recognize that without skilled workers, there is no skilled work.
Employers recognize the certification as a standard of excellence in the profession.
Employers recognize the competitive value of educating their workforce.
Employers recognize they are well-served by our alumni.
Employers recognize they have an obligation to provide a diverse mix of choices for employees.
Employers recognize tickets as proof of competence.
Employers recommend that glaziers learn the trade through formal apprenticeship programs.
Employers recruit interns directly, so it is essential to check the web site on a regular basis.
Employers recruit qualified candidates to fill open positions in Greater Portsmouth, NH, and Maine.
Employers recruit through head-hunters and advertisements in local and international media.
Employers reduce hiring on the low end and concentrate on high skilled, capital intensive jobs.
Employers reduce office overhead.
Employers refuse sick-pay leave and engage in almost constant unfair dismissal practices.
Employers refuse to bargain, employ legal maneuvers, or use other stalling tactics.
Employers regain control of their health plan budgets and enjoy easier administration .
Employers regard our occupations as so-called common labor.
Employers regard the thesis as a differentiator when selecting students.
Employers register to get access to bulletin board.
Employers registration on site also.
Employers regularly furnish updated corporate profiles.
Employers regularly list internship and co-op opportunities with our office.
Employers regularly monitor and evaluate apprentices training for high quality performance.
Employers rely on our questionnaire or one similar.
Employers remain concerned about recent high school graduates' preparedness for jobs and careers.
Employers remain entitled to hire the best qualified applicants for their workforces.
Employers report a higher worker absenteeism among addicts.
Employers report an average degree of difficulty in finding qualified workers.
Employers report difficulty finding qualified job applicants.
Employers report difficulty finding skilled workers.
Employers report how many individuals they employ in each occupation.
Employers report low turnover and adequate supply of workers.
Employers report most favorably on our interns and graduates job performance.
Employers report that most recent new hires had a high school diploma or the equivalent.
Employers report that psychology majors are well-prepared for a variety of fields and positions.
Employers report that they are finding it difficult to find workers.
Employers report the number of employees in an occupation by wage intervals.
Employers report the number of employees in an occupation per each pay range.
Employers report the number of employees in an occupation per each wage range.
Employers report wage data and pay unemployment insurance taxes to ESC each quarter.
Employers request or require certification upon employment.
Employers request resumes based on certain criteria.
Employers request resumes from our former student database based on major and degree level.
Employers request the resumes from our database of student and active alumni files.
Employers require a good driving record.
Employers require applicants have a dependable vehicle and good driving record.
Employers require at least a four-year degree.
Employers require different kinds of hires throughout their organization's evolution.
Employers require engineers to maintain legible and well-documented notes.
Employers require from one to five years of secretarial experience.
Employers require or encourage membership.
Employers require reports and properly filled-out forms.
Employers require that applicants pass a physical exam and a drug screening test.
Employers require workers to upgrade their skills continually.
Employers resort to the injunction.
Employers respect candidates who do their research.
Employers respect employees who treat themselves with respect.
Employers respect it.
Employers respect mathematics majors.
Employers respect payroll certification.
Employers respect the initiative and drive it takes to get certified.
Employers respect workers who have learned the value of dedication.
Employers respond more favorably to students who know something about their organization.
Employers respond to changes in demand by increasing or decreasing production.
Employers respond to employees' use of such gossip sites in a variety of ways.
Employers respond to predicted shortages or surpluses of talent.
Employers respond to the applicants' ability to market themselves.
Employers retain full control of the interview and screening process.
Employers retain the certification document for their tax records.
Employers retain the right to set usual workplace standards of dress.
Employers re-train managers to be leaders.
Employers review a large number of resumes when filling a position.
Employers review candidates by job type and request introductions accordingly.
Employers review resumes prior to interview date for selection of individuals.
Employers review resumes submitted and select individuals to interview.
Employers review selected resumes and decide whom to interview and hire.
Employers review student records for campus interview pre-selection and direct contact.
Employers review the resume database and make direct contact with the candidate.
Employers review the submitted resumes and select students they wish to interview.
Employers reward team performance.
Employers risk criminal prosecution if they fall below the standards that are set.
Employers routinely provide some form of assistance in preparing for exams.
Employers routinely remove obstacles that prevent their employees from performing in the workplace.
Employers routinely use the threat of immigration raids to intimidate workers.
Employers routinely use the threat to move abroad as a club in contract negotiations.
Employers routinely waste time in interviews by asking the wrong questions.
Employers save as tax credits help defray payroll expenses.
Employers save compared to conventional raise or bonus.
Employers save jobs for our students each year.
Employers save money.
Employers save on payroll costs.
Employers save on payroll related taxes.
Employers save on payroll taxes as well.
Employers save on payroll taxes while employees save both income and payroll taxes.
Employers save payroll taxes on the amount employees set aside.
Employers save recruiting, screening and training costs.
Employers say attracting and retaining large corporations is a key to prosperity.
Employers say morale and performance improve as the result of having interns at the company.
Employers say one of the most important benefits of journalism schools is hands-on experience.
Employers say pension integration plans are valid.
Employers say people with disabilities are generally motivated, capable and dependable employees.
Employers say students are usually well-prepared.
Employers say the issue centers on ownership.
Employers say the programs are making a difference.
Employers say they also look at the applicant's dress to provide hints about their personality.
Employers say they are impressed by well-informed jobseekers.
Employers say they feel intense pressure from lawsuits of every sort.
Employers say they have good reason for the snooping.
Employers say they have no choice but to ratchet up observation.
Employers say they love to work with bright high school students.
Employers say they value practicums and internships.
Employers say they want a straight-forward resume.
Employers say they want employees who know what needs to be done without being told.
Employers say they want well-rounded employees with great interpersonal and leadership skills.
Employers say they're cheaper and even more conscientious than German workers.
Employers say they're looking for whatever protection they can get.
Employers say they've placed more emphasis on safety over the years.
Employers say younger people know the latest computer languages.
Employers scan most resumes within a few seconds and prefer one page.
Employers scan the database and call students who fit their criteria.
Employers schedule on-campus interviews for several weeks each term.
Employers schedule on-campus recruitment throughout the semester.
Employers screen job applicants by their health histories.
Employers screen through resumes and contact students about their specific employment opportunities.
Employers search candidates by skill for free and post listings for a nominal fee.
Employers search for candidates who are skilled in communicating with diverse populations.
Employers search for contract talent.
Employers search for graduates with strong written and oral skills.
Employers search for their most important criteria first the same way they write job listings.
Employers search free for specialist skills.
Employers search online resumes and post jobs.
Employers search our resume database for that new employee.
Employers search r sum s and post job openings for a monthly fee.
Employers search the database themselves.
Employers see health insurance as a benefits cost, albeit an important benefit.
Employers see increased motivation and efficiency of employees.
Employers see it as a way to develop the future workforce.
Employers see low literacy levels as an isolated problem occurring mainly in low-skill occupations.
Employers see preliminary rates, and they are enticed.
Employers see strong benefits from the quick restoration of harmony and morale in their workplaces.
Employers see telecommuting as a way to keep valued employees and recruit top-quality new staff.
Employers see the challenges of working full-time and attending college.
Employers see value in the passport proposal, too.
Employers see what their reservists do on weekend duty and annual tour.
Employers see workers come and go for a variety of reasons.
Employers seek accounting majors because of their dedication to excellence and hard work.
Employers seek adaptability and the ability to learn and work in teams.
Employers seek alert, highly motivated people who like to work with other people.
Employers seek candidates from all majors.
Employers seek candidates who can boost profits, lower costs and solve problems.
Employers seek candidates who have mechanical ability, agility, coordination, and good eyesight.
Employers seek competent, creative individuals.
Employers seek credit reports on job applicants for a variety of reasons.
Employers seek drivers who are responsible and self-motivated.
Employers seek employees they can trust.
Employers seek employees who can communicate both verbally and in writing.
Employers seek geographers for their unique analytical and technical problem-solving abilities.
Employers seek graduates with a broad background to better adapt to our constantly changing society.
Employers seek graduates with clearly demonstrated skills in written and verbal communication.
Employers seek individuals who know about fabrics and trends in the fashion world.
Employers seek job applicants prepared to fill a certain niche.
Employers seek job applicants who have an employment history combined with an academic record.
Employers seek mainly liberal arts and business majors.
Employers seek many of the capacities which the study of philosophy and religion develops.
Employers seek out persons who act on their interests and produce results.
Employers seek out persons who make full use of their character traits.
Employers seek people who have direction and motivation.
Employers seek skills of collaboration and communication in graduates.
Employers seek specific skills at a particular level.
Employers seek students who take responsibility for their lifelong learning.
Employers seek students who understand the business world.
Employers seek to fill both temporary and permanent positions in a variety of fields.
Employers seek to guide and change the behaviors of workers.
Employers seek to protect their companies and their employees.
Employers seek ways to increase productivity and retain workers.
Employers seek workers in all ranges of the skills spectrum.
Employers seek workers whose English and foreign language skills make their businesses profitable.
Employers seeking candidates can visit the center to review resumes on line.
Employers seeking help can find an expert, at no cost.
Employers seeking nursing professionals can also submit ads.
Employers seeking qualified candidates can also submit available positions via the website.
Employers seeking to locate a business have a way of contacting other employers.
Employers seem more receptive to the minister's calls.
Employers seem to agree.
Employers seem to be happier with the new, computer-literate workforce.
Employers seem to be reluctant to hire females due to their disability as well as their gender.
Employers seem to have a difficult time finding qualified candidates for entry-level positions.
Employers seem to have great difficulty with the concept of exceptional leave to remain.
Employers seem to recognize the value of the resume as a means of determining qualified applicants.
Employers select and hire youth apprentices.
Employers select candidates and interviews are scheduled off-campus by the employer.
Employers select candidates to be given priority in signing-up for interviews.
Employers select candidates whom they wish to interview.
Employers select interviewees based on resumes.
Employers select registrants for interviews based on a review of resumes submitted.
Employers select single presentations or a seminar series.
Employers select students based on a competitive interview process.
Employers select students to be interviewed and inform the Co-op office.
Employers select the date.
Employers select the students they want to interview.
Employers select the students they wish to interview.
Employers send job listings to colleges that are posted online by the campus career centers.
Employers send mixed signals to the academy.
Employers send specific internship listings which are stored in binders.
Employers set criteria for an open position and request resumes.
Employers share career and job-related information with PSU students and alumni.
Employers share information regarding career opportunities with their organizations.
Employers shoot themselves in the foot when they underestimate the complexity of disability.
Employers shoulder the greatest portion of the costs of disability.
Employers show a tremendous amount of respect for the program.
Employers show considerable prejudice in the placement of people with disabilities.
Employers show mercy.
Employers show the household workers what they want done and how.
Employers simply have to be aggressive in their efforts to locate good people.
Employers simply review resumes.
Employers sit up and take notice when Teamsters arrive on the scene.
Employers Speak Out.
Employers speak very highly of the college's internship program.
Employers speak very highly of the college's internship programs.
Employers spend a lot of money finding and training each new employee.
Employers spend untold fortunes on training and retaining personnel for positions in their company.
Employers sponsor commuting cost as a fringe benefit at no cost to the employee.
Employers sponsor their employees to ride to work at least four trips a week.
Employers stand to gain by using existing resources and employing qualified women's services.
Employers start demanding copyrights and eliminate residual payments.
Employers start here.
Employers start out by surveying their workforce to discover how they're doing.
Employers still buy time and brains and physical labour.
Employers still find earrings, long hair etc.
Employers still have the upper hand in most unionization battles.
Employers still have to take extra steps to seek out the candidates they most want to attract.
Employers still look for a good package of academics, extracurricular activities and job experience.
Employers stop giving candid job references.
Employers stress such qualities as initiative, drive, and creativity.
Employers strive for a diverse workforce.
Employers strongly prefer students with experience.
Employers submit detailed job descriptions to the co-op office.
Employers submit invoices at least once a month to be reimbursed.
Employers submit job requests for administrative and technical positions electronically or by phone.
Employers subscribe on HireNet.net.
Employers subsidize parking costs as a matter of business.
Employers supervise students, provide opportunities for real work, and evaluate student performance.
Employers supply uniforms and power tools, but mechanics buy their own hand tools.
Employers support recycling.
Employers surveyed overwhelmingly support the mission's approach.
Employers take a chance when hiring a new person.
Employers take advantage of a computerized library of applicants to fill jobs on momentary notice.
Employers take no responsibility to ensure a safe work environment.
Employers take note.
Employers take notice when all their staff speak in unison.
Employers take references seriously.
Employers take the objective observations of mystery shoppers very seriously.
Employers talk of having to teach people to read a bus timetable so they can get to work on time.
Employers Talk Supporting employees with work-family balance is a priority for many organizations.
Employers target potential workers through Web pages, community centers and job fairs.
Employers target specific schools for posting job ads.
Employers tell educators 'what work requires of schools'.
Employers tell employees to stay focused.
Employers tend to be flexible about hours.
Employers tend to be flexible and are willing to work around a student's class schedule.
Employers tend to be more skeptical of applicants who seem uncertain of their own capabilities.
Employers tend to be suspicious of anyone who has been out of work as long as six months.
Employers tend to categorize and label workers.
Employers tend to check up on their prospective employees thoroughly.
Employers tend to choose the least expensive package which covers essential services.
Employers tend to employ a small number of workers who have many years of experience.
Employers tend to frown upon that look.
Employers tend to generalize the similarities between countries of the same region.
Employers tend to have the right to screen applicants before hiring.
Employers tend to hire people who are pleasant, physically fit, and neat in appearance.
Employers tend to ignore survivors during a merger.
Employers tend to look for experience with well-known computer software programs.
Employers tend to raise their eyebrows when they see large time gaps on a resume.
Employers tend to regard decisions relating to internal training systems as their own prerogative.
Employers tend to side with employers.
Employers tend to think of the national firms first and overlook local suppliers.
Employers then access a candidate's resume by searc hing for key words.
Employers then access candidates by searching the database for qualifications.
Employers then conduct interviews to select the most qualified candidates to fill the positions.
Employers then contact students directly for interviews.
Employers then contact students directly.
Employers then contact the registrant directly.
Employers then make direct contact with students they select.
Employers then select which candidates they wish to call for an interview.
Employers then select which candidates they wish to call for interviews.
Employers then select which students to interview two weeks before the interview date.
Employers therefore have a key part to play.
Employers think of benefits as non-cash compensation.
Employers threaten or implement lockouts almost every day.
Employers thrive on a concept such as overtime.
Employers too can search for job openings and review candidates' submissions prior to the meeting.
Employers too deserve recognition for what they do.
Employers track office workers' Internet usage.
Employers track time and attendance from anywhere anytime through Internet technology.
Employers train to increase productivity and introduce workers to new equipment.
Employers truly understand the cost of hiring as well as the current demand for top performers.
Employers trust employees.
Employers trust university credentials completely.
Employers try out a prospective employee or an employee tries out a prospective job.
Employers try to accommodate student class schedules.
Employers try to help workers understand which is which and choose the appropriate option.
Employers try to hire close to the job site.
Employers try to offer as many benefits to the employees as possible.
Employers try to perceive an applicant's overall character.
Employers try to put their employees in a set routine without the employees realizing it.
Employers try to survive by cutting costs where and when they can to keep up with everyone else.
Employers turn down five of every six young job applicants because of inadequate job skills.
Employers turn off to applicants who are dishonest, negative, or lazy.
Employers type even personal notes, so follow suit.
Employers typically address general knowledge of things such as writing, math and science.
Employers typically assist interns in locating suitable housing.
Employers typically bear all or most costs of their company-wide celebrations.
Employers typically give more vacation time than sick time.
Employers typically pay at least two-thirds of the cost of medical insurance.
Employers typically pay some or all of an employee's premium.
Employers typically request three or more references.
Employers typically require physical therapist aides to have a high school diploma.
Employers typically see an immediate and positive impact.
Employers typically seek advice when they have been sued or a lawsuit has been threatened.
Employers typically spend only seconds scanning a resume in the initial screening.
Employers typically state a deadline for receipt of resumes.
Employers typically use resumes to screen candidates for employment.
Employers understand and expect students to do research on their organization.
Employers understand and make allowances for nervousness during interviews.
Employers understand and make allowances.
Employers understand that some students have minimal work experience.
Employers understand the positive results of allowing spirituality in the workplace.
Employers Update Our regular update for employers.
Employers use a variety of formats and techniques.
Employers use a variety of interview formats.
Employers use a variety of tools to identify and shortlist database resumes.
Employers use career fairs as a screening tool, too.
Employers use children because kids are cheap to hire and often uneducated.
Employers use college graduates in organizations.
Employers use cover letters and resumes to choose whom to interview.
Employers use cover letters as the initial screening tool in deciding whom to interview.
Employers use creative compensation methods.
Employers use e-mail for easy, direct contact with potential job candidates.
Employers use experiential education to combat recruiting blues.
Employers use many methods to hire for various positions.
Employers use many screening techniques in the hiring process, including salary history.
Employers use Oregon combined tax forms for reporting and payment of withholding taxes.
Employers use our services to recruit top talent for internships and full-time positions.
Employers use personnel records to build their case against a member.
Employers use phone interviews to eliminate people when they have too many candidates.
Employers use recruiters in a variety of ways.
Employers use resumes to evaluate job applicants.
Employers use schedules to get work done in the least expensive way.
Employers use several techniques to limit the number of resumes produced from a keyword search.
Employers use such information in hiring decisions.
Employers use tests at different stages in the recruitment process.
Employers use the computer to search for key words on each resume.
Employers use the credential as a basis for advancement.
Employers use the information to manage their workplace safety and health programs.
Employers use the information to manage workplace safety and health programs.
Employers use the list to fill apprenticeship vacancies as they become available.
Employers use the on-line resume to extend interview invitations.
Employers use the reports to assess whether job requirements have been satisfied.
Employers use the resume as a preliminary screening tool in evaluating applicants.
Employers use the service free of charge to find and hire temps.
Employers use the site as an alternative to traditional staffing resources.
Employers use the student intern program to reach students who are seeking employment.
Employers use their job templates to sort all qualified candidates' resumes.
Employers use video surveillance to protect property, staff and business interests.
Employers use writing samples to winnow down their list of finalists.
Employers user our resume system to search for students to fill their open positions.
Employers using a leasing firm can still make all of their own personnel-related decisions.
Employers utilize two basic approaches in regard to compensation offers.
Employers value candidates with demonstrable technical and interpersonal skills.
Employers value clear thinking and writing skills, too.
Employers value our students who come in and make valuable contributions.
Employers value the development of interpersonal skills and negotiation.
Employers value the discipline and motivation that it takes to get a degree part-time.
Employers value the expertise a diverse workforce provides.
Employers value the skills mastered by our students.
Employers value the speaking and writing skills that English majors develop.
Employers value the workers' skills, but when the job is done, workers have to move on.
Employers value their awareness of contemporary issues in a national and international context.
Employers value their high level of intellectual training.
Employers vary from traditional business organizations, governmental units, or service corporations.
Employers vary per event.
Employers vary their hiring processes according to their needs.
Employers verify resumes, so tell the truth.
Employers view career-related experience as an important prerequisite for employment.
Employers view e-mail, created on their time and with their equipment, as their property.
Employers view formal certification favorably.
Employers view internship candidates much the same way they view applicants for permanent positions.
Employers view job seeker listings, place openings, website links.
Employers view jobseeker listings, place openings, website links.
Employers view jobseeker resumes, place free job listings.
Employers view leadership abilities as being closely related to management potential.
Employers view resumes very quickly.
Employers view student activities as a key indicator of future success and leadership potential.
Employers view the integrative and applied nature of geography as one of the discipline's strengths.
Employers visit campus to interview students for full-time positions and internships.
Employers visit CLIS to interview graduating students.
Employers visit our site to learn and keep informed of any changes in the immigration laws.
Employers visit the campus throughout the academic year to inform and interview candidates.
Employers visit the campus to interview graduating students and alumni for possible employment.
Employers Visit the sites of some of our more frequent job posters.
Employers voluntarily offer health insurance benefits to their employees.
Employers voluntarily offer health plans to their employees.
Employers volunteer their time to assist students develop and improve their interviewing skills.
Employers wants everything.
Employers welcome information literate college graduate who possess such skills.
Employers welcome signs of acceptance of challenges.
Employers welcome the chance to hire cheap labor without fear of criminal liability.
Employers whip their employees back and forth between bidding HMOs in a war for the cheapest care.
Employers win because productivity improves.
Employers win by obtaining a better-educated worker.
Employers wish to determine if new graduates want to work or just get paid.
Employers wish to limit the following effects of drug abuse as much as possible.
Employers withhold different kinds of taxes.
Employers withhold personal income tax as a payroll deduction.
Employers withhold state income taxes from wages.
Employers withhold taxes from employees' paychecks and send the money to the government.
Employers wonder why so many employees are irresponsible.
Employers work to identify the educational and training requirements of their employees.
Employers work together to identify positions commensurate with new skills.
Employers work with their employees so that they can attend classes here.
Employers worry about costs.
Employers worry that the pool of qualified workers is drying up.
Employers wrongly believe that having children is an individual responsibility.
Employers always ask for personal references.
Employers always call in the police and they come and interrogate the workers.
Employers always demand proof of the kill before making full payment.
Employers always have authority to hold employees accountable for unsatisfactory work or misconduct.
Employers always look for evidence of skills learned.
Employers always pay our recruitment fees, there is never any cost to job seekers.
Employers always pay our recruitment fees.
Employers always prefer hands-on experience.
Employers frequently add matching contributions up to a set limit.
Employers frequently advertise but speculative approaches to suitable employers do work.
Employers frequently ask for a minimum of two years experience.
Employers frequently call faculty before hiring new graduates.
Employers frequently call in search of qualified applicants.
Employers frequently cite the internship program as their best means for pre-selecting future hires.
Employers frequently guarantee commissioned mechanics a minimum weekly salary.
Employers frequently guarantee commissioned mechanics and technicians a minimum weekly salary.
Employers frequently guarantee commissioned painters a minimum weekly salary.
Employers frequently guarantee commissioned workers a minimum weekly salary.
Employers frequently guarantee workers a minimum weekly salary.
Employers frequently look for more than just academic achievement in their prospective employees.
Employers frequently provide term life insurance policies for their employees.
Employers frequently run into problems trying to contact job applicants.
Employers frequently schedule interviews on campus well ahead of when they hope to fill positions.
Employers frequently send literature and videos for students to review before their interview.
Employers frequently use contractors to cope with extra demand.
Employers often allow employees to direct-deposit their paychecks into a credit union account.
Employers often ask for good communication skills.
Employers often ask questions in terms of superlatives.
Employers often ask that applicants supply character references.
Employers often assume that applicants have graduated from an accredited engineering program.
Employers often base employment decisions on their subjective reactions.
Employers often call PERS when hiring a new employee to determine the status of the individual.
Employers often check out what is stated on a resume as well as a job application.
Employers often choose the candidate who can provide concrete examples of their skills.
Employers often complain about the fact that more experienced people want more money.
Employers often complain that tech-savvy employees lack valuable personal skills.
Employers often contribute to the cost of continuing education.
Employers often cover the cost, which can be steep.
Employers often describe jobs in terms of competencies.
Employers often discriminate against someone who doesn t look like the rest of the team.
Employers often do background checks on applicants and get consumer reports during their employment.
Employers often encourage and pay for employees to pursue college degrees.
Employers often evade subjective opinions of an employee's performance.
Employers often evaluate candidates on whether they have done their homework.
Employers often extend health insurance, pension and other benefits on the basis of marital status.
Employers often face a bewildering array of laws and regulations.
Employers often fail to provide adequate drinking water for workers.
Employers often feel ill-equipped to respond properly to workplace drug crimes.
Employers often fill vacancies with well trained former volunteers.
Employers often find it difficult to understand and implement all of the requirements.
Employers often find talented students to assist with necessary and important tasks.
Employers often foot the bill.
Employers often give clues as to what they are looking for.
Employers often give preference to an applicant who has the proven ability to write for publication.
Employers often have difficulty with the quantity of responses.
Employers often have to draw workers from further away.
Employers often help their employees fight mis-managed care.
Employers often hire from a variety of majors to fill different positions.
Employers often hire referrals from their own employees.
Employers often interview inappropriate candidates.
Employers often keep statistics about where students work.
Employers often keep their summer hires on staff part-time during school months.
Employers often look abroad for the talent needed to help their businesses succeed.
Employers often look for candidates with very specific skills or experience.
Employers often look for people who can write well and think critically.
Employers often make bad hiring decisions.
Employers often make consultants run a gauntlet before awarding the contract.
Employers often make judgments based on the way people present themselves in the interview.
Employers often make up their mind from reading the initial summary and key skills.
Employers often match a percentage of an employee's contributions.
Employers often match employee contributions.
Employers often match part of an employee's contribution.
Employers often mentor students during their work experiences.
Employers often praise our students for their high levels of professionalism and maturity.
Employers often prefer references to be listed on a seperate reference sheet .
Employers often prefer that flexibility.
Employers often prefer to hire skilled machinists or tool and die makers.
Employers often prefer to hire students for internships who are several semesters from graduation.
Employers often promise slow but demand fast.
Employers often provide health insurance, frequently by sharing the cost with the employee.
Employers often provide power tools, testing equipment, and uniforms.
Employers often provide the benefit of credit union membership to their employees.
Employers often receive hundreds of responses from a single ad.
Employers often regard extracurricular activity as good evidence of initiative.
Employers often request that an employee evaluate the performance of a fellow employee.
Employers often require applicants to have relevant work experience.
Employers often require that applicants be bondable.
Employers often require training in computer courses in accounting, typing and bookkeeping.
Employers often review resumes and cover letters in less than one minute.
Employers often say that the time savings alone is worth the price of such software.
Employers often scan resumes very quickly, giving only ten to fifteen seconds of time to each.
Employers often send experienced automotive mechanics to manufacturer training centers.
Employers often send recently hired new graduates to career fairs.
Employers often sponsor group insurance plans for their employees.
Employers often state that one of the great weaknesses of college grads is their inability to write.
Employers often take into consideration the passion behind the designer.
Employers often think of workers' compensation claims as being inevitable.
Employers often try several ways of finding workers.
Employers often use a pre-select form.
Employers often use a rubric when they evaluate candidates for a job.
Employers often use cover letters as the initial screening tool in deciding who to interview.
Employers often use cover letters as the initial screening tool in deciding whom to interview.
Employers often use extensive background checks to uncover legal records of potential employees.
Employers often use fear and intimidation to fight workplace organizing efforts.
Employers often use gut instincts when hiring people, and they are very sensitive to attitudes.
Employers often use salary discussions to screen people out.
Employers often use the exchange setting to prescreen potential job applicants.
Employers often use videotapes as training tools for employees.
Employers often violate workers rights, while governments look the other way.
Employers often win their cases simply by hiring expert lawyers.
Employers sometimes ask questions that are technically improper.
Employers sometimes choose to provide pay.
Employers sometimes choose to serve refreshments to students attending information sessions.
Employers sometimes contribute to the madness also.
Employers sometimes inquire about the availability of registrants with specific qualifications.
Employers sometimes lack the knowledge of how to accommodate an individual's needs.
Employers sometimes lack the knowledge to develop and put that policy into effect.
Employers sometimes pay higher rates for night shifts and sometimes for holidays.
Employers sometimes require a master s degree.
Employers sometimes search our resume database to look out for talents.
Employers sometimes send experienced mechanics to special training classes.
Employers sometimes transfer employees working in other states to New York State.
Employers sometimes use personality tests to select people especially suitable for a specific job.
Employers usually agree to pay the full cost for each candidate they sponsor.
Employers usually allow employees to take their medication on site.
Employers usually aren t too impressed with multi-colored applications.
Employers usually begin negotiations at the lower end of what they can afford.
Employers usually choose to walk away from the candidate in question.
Employers usually claim innocence even if the papers appear obviously fabricated.
Employers usually end up with employees who feel it's unfair and frustrating.
Employers usually expect trainees to become members of the institute of management services.
Employers usually face a labor market in which th ere is a surplus pool of labor.
Employers usually get the employees they deserve.
Employers usually have limited experience with job applicants who have significant disabilities.
Employers usually have to set aside benefit funds for workers who belong to labor unions.
Employers usually interview for entry-level positions.
Employers usually interview students at their office.
Employers usually look for potential staff to have existing clientele.
Employers usually make their selections of candidates about one week before the interview date.
Employers usually match at least part of that contribution.
Employers usually offer a matching contribution, tied to the employee elective salary deferrals.
Employers usually pay for the students' tuition fees.
Employers usually pay most of the insurance premiums.
Employers usually pay time and one-half or double time for holidays.
Employers usually provide power tools and testing equipment.
Employers usually reimburse costs.
Employers usually require a high school diploma.
Employers usually require applicants to demonstrate mechanical ability.
Employers usually seek to retain the newly qualified tradesperson as an employee.
Employers usually set their employees' work hours.
Employers usually spend less than a minute reading over a resume.
All employers are subject to a special payroll tax on paid wages and other remuneration.
All employers are subject to the law.
All employers are union.
All employers are welcome to list job openings.
All employers are welcome to our monthly meetings which are great for networking.
All employers benefit when employees get essential business-skills training.
All employers contribute to a common fund.
All employers enter the negotiation process with a salary range in mind.
All employers expect a cost saving approach to managing their employee benefits programs.
All employers have a legal obligation to prevent sexual harassment.
All employers have a legitimate business interest in hiring objectively qualified employees.
All employers have an obligation to treat their maids humanely and decently.
All employers have employees who handle cash.
All employers have some type of salary range in mind.
All employers have the right to establish policies that call for drug-free workplaces.
All employers have to withhold income tax and social security payments from paychecks.
All employers indicate that recent new hires have high school or the equivalent education.
All employers know how hard it is to find and keep good people.
All employers now have a responsibility to assess the risk of fire to their employees.
All employers now seek other competencies in addition to academic excellence.
All employers pay a portion of the student wages and the federal government pays a portion.
All employers recognize the importance of providing a safe work environment for employees.
All employers require a formal policy for managing sickness.
All employers seek students with leadership and practical experience.
All employers wish to maximise their staff efficiency.
Any employer can get assistance to address workplace needs.
Any employer can have the access to their Web-based resumes.
Any employer can place a listing for a nominal fee.
Any employer can place a listing.
Any employer can take advantage of the new service.
Any employer has legitimate worries about providing references.
Any employer is eligible to join as a select employer group.
Any employer is welcome to post job openings here or on any other job pages .
Any employer knows that divulging too much about a former employee can mean trouble.
Any employer wants to feel confident that they employ professional people.
Every employer accepts and understands a resume organized chronologically.
Every employer also needs to know local, municipal, and territorial requirements.
Every employer appreciates the employee who carefully follows their directives.
Every employer attending is there to hire one or more workers.
Every employer faces the problem.
Every employer fears the discontented or unbalanced worker who commits a violent act.
Every employer has a duty of care to their employees.
Every employer has a duty to provide a workplace free from known dangers.
Every employer has a reasonable duty of care in whom they hire.
Every employer has immigration law compliance needs.
Every employer has the legal responsibility to keep employees safe from sexual harassment.
Every employer has the option of conducting interviews on-campus.
Every employer has to give employees a break.
Every employer is an ideal reference.
Every employer is at risk.
Every employer is obliged to provide a safe system of work.
Every employer is required to collect CPP contributions from each employee.
Every employer is required to have the appropriate wage orders posted at their workplace.
Every employer is required to have workers' comp insurance.
Every employer is required to implement a policy to prevent harassment in the workplace.
Every employer is required to pay all wages earned at least semi-monthly.
Every employer is required to take certain precautions prior to opening an excavation.
Every employer knows that monumental changes are taking place in the work world.
Every employer knows that sexual harassment can be a problem in the workplace.
Every employer knows the importance of controlling costs.
Every employer needs something different.
Every employer receives one free posting.
Every employer wants employees with solid communication skills.
Every employer wants the ability to provide the employees with simple, yet comprehensive statements.
Every employer wants to feel they have the best package.
Every employer wants to have a safe workplace.
Every employer wants to hire nurses who are team players and easy to work with.
Every employer wants to hire people who are able to communicate effectively.
Every employer wants workers who can do a good job.
Many employers actively discriminate against ex-military personnel.
Many employers adopt practices that insulate their workforces from the outside labor market.
Many employers advertise open positions on Web pages designed to aid job seekers.
Many employers agree to match personal donations with an equal or greater corporate contribution.
Many employers alert nearby schools that they are looking for after-school help.
Many employers already complain about the wave of new employment legislation rushing in from Europe.
Many employers already have alcohol and drug testing policies in place.
Many employers already provide pensions for their employees.
Many employers also contribute to their employees' tuition costs.
Many employers also hold golf outings as employee events.
Many employers also match the employee's own contributions up to a set limit.
Many employers also offer a flexible spending account for child care expenses.
Many employers also offer food and snacks and it also advisable to be aware of social manners.
Many employers also offer vision indsurance.
Many employers also participate in job fairs to actively solicit potential employees.
Many employers also provide tuition remission or assistance.
Many employers also provide uniforms, locker rooms and shower facilities.
Many employers also report that word processing skills are important.
Many employers also require completion of a formal training in cardiovascular technology.
Many employers also use job fairs and the internet.
Many employers also utilize the program as a recruitment tool for post-graduate employment.
Many employers appear to have no systematic arrangements for selecting among applicants.
Many employers are already aware of the benefits of employing a mature graduate.
Many employers are already desperate for qualified workers.
Many employers are anxious about the aspects of liability.
Many employers are anxious to take steps to reward employees, either monetarily or with flexibility.
Many employers are aware that their employees are overwhelmed.
Many employers are better off continuing, freezing or terminating their defined benefit plans.
Many employers are concerned about being found liable if they have employed illegal immigrants.
Many employers are concerned about their notary-employees notarizing certain types of documents.
Many employers are concerned, too.
Many employers are dependent upon certification credentials to make hiring decisions.
Many employers are familiar with the federal wage regulations.
Many employers are generous and encourage their employees to be equally charitable.
Many employers are happy to respond to such inquiries.
Many employers are inclined to pick and use employee handbooks prepared by other companies.
Many employers are interested in graduates who possess hands-on, applicable work experience.
Many employers are interested in helping educators develop curriculum.
Many employers are interested in interviewing alumni as well as graduating seniors.
Many employers are interested in the skills which chemistry majors tend to possess.
Many employers are interested in the skills which geography majors tend to possess.
Many employers are interested in writing samples.
Many employers are late in evaluating the performance of employees.
Many employers are leery about employees working from home.
Many employers are open to interviewing graduate degree candidates for positions in their companies.
Many employers are open to negotiating work arrangements rather than losing valued employees.
Many employers are providers of local and regional services.
Many employers are receptive to information about traffic safety.
Many employers are surprised to discover that often little or no accomodation is necessary.
Many employers are unable to continue to employ students if they exceed their work study award.
Many employers are unaware of illegal harassment until they receive a formal complaint.
Many employers are unaware of the new rules and their implications.
Many employers are union.
Many employers are very helpful and non-intimidating when asked for raises.
Many employers are well-trained to interview potential employees.
Many employers are willing to accept training as a substitute for experience.
Many employers are willing to hire applicants who have several years of experience.
Many employers are willing to match a gift made by an employee to a non-profit organization.
Many employers are willing to match a gift made by an employee to a nonprofit organization.
Many employers are willing to reimburse their employees for working toward an accredited degree.
Many employers are willing to wait.
Many employers are willing to work around things like school events, sports, and vacations.
Many employers are worried about a shortage of qualified workers.
Many employers ask applicants to provide salary expectations in the cover letter.
Many employers ask for and expect job applicants to present one.
Many employers ask for knowledge of bookkeeping.
Many employers ask for personal References from people outside of previous work positions.
Many employers ask for references.
Many employers attend job fairs and career fairs held on campus.
Many employers bar private use of workplace equipment.
Many employers believe that a compulsory course in preparation for life after college is prudent.
Many employers believe that employee committees foster more productive workplaces.
Many employers believe that employee referrals are the best way to recruit new applicants.
Many employers believe that injuries are the fault of careless workers.
Many employers believe that their turnover is the result of a higher salary elsewhere.
Many employers bemoan the tight job market but overlook disabled employees.
Many employers buy multi-machine licenses for programs and are happy to have employees work at home.
Many employers buy multimachine licenses for programs and are happy to have employees work at home.
Many employers buy multimachine licenses for programs, and are happy to have employees work at home.
Many employers call references after interviews have been conducted.
Many employers call the school directly looking for part-time workers.
Many employers can easily recognize workplace substance abuse.
Many employers check references in the evening and call home phone numbers.
Many employers choose to use certified or registered mail so that there is a record of the mailing.
Many employers choose video programs for sexual harassment training.
Many employers combine long and short disability with their sick leave policy.
Many employers come to campus to interview candidates.
Many employers come to the school seeking persons with computer training and experience.
Many employers complain of a shortage of first-rate secretaries.
Many employers complain of a shortage of formally trained veterinary technicians.
Many employers complain that youth seeking jobs are often unqualified.
Many employers conduct preliminary interviews over the telephone.
Many employers connect the amount of coverage to the worker's salary.
Many employers consider communication skills to be critical to the success of their organizations.
Many employers consider law review membership highly desirable.
Many employers consider personal qualities and skills more important than academic training.
Many employers consider postgraduates and undergraduates through the same recruitment process.
Many employers consider reliability and willingness to work more important than formal education.
Many employers consider volunteer experience as valuable as paid work experience.
Many employers contact the office to announce openings.
Many employers continue to beat the bushes for new graduates with construction-related degrees.
Many employers continue to pay employees during short absences grounded on illness.
Many employers continue wages for a specified time.
Many employers control their servants by holding their passports.
Many employers cover the annual dues as a fringe benefit.
Many employers customarily offer severance pay to all long-term employees.
Many employers decide to settle, just to get the matter over with.
Many employers depend upon Northland to provide training upgrades for their employees.
Many employers desire to have employees contracts placed in writing.
Many employers discard resumes with pictures to avoid charges of discrimination.
Many employers discontinue medical insurance for retirees.
Many employers discriminate.
Many employers do everything they can to hold down employment costs.
Many employers do more, especially when a job involves handling money or dealing with the public.
Many employers do offer more.
Many employers do offer training.
Many employers do provide good substance abuse insurance benefits.
Many employers do, however, make a matching contribution.
Many employers do.
Many employers don t begrudge workers a small amount of personal surf time.
Many employers electronically scan resumes into a database.
Many employers enforce a black letter interpretation of their employee manuals.
Many employers erroneously believe the solution to the labor shortage is to hire more recruiters.
Many employers evaluate applicants by the questions they ask.
Many employers expect a high grade of paper.
Many employers expect candidates to be familiar with their homepage.
Many employers expect new designers to be familiar with the use of the computer as a design tool.
Many employers fail to comply because they think it is complex, time consuming, and expensive.
Many employers fail to look for signs of burnout.
Many employers fear increased insurance costs.
Many employers feel that maintaining professional vitality is an individual responsibility.
Many employers feel that related course work is helpful in making their decision.
Many employers feel that the only support they can provide is expensive outplacement services.
Many employers feel their economic viability is being threatened by excessive assessment premiums.
Many employers fill openings by hiring referrals from colleges and universities.
Many employers fill openings by hiring referrals from employees.
Many employers fill positions with student interns.
Many employers find that attracting qualified candidates takes a unique recruiting strategy.
Many employers find that back-up care makes good business sense.
Many employers find that they can no longer compete for the best employees with salaries alone.
Many employers formally document the content of their jobs.
Many employers give candidates written tests to assess their clinical knowledge.
Many employers give employees the option of receiving their salaries by direct deposit.
Many employers give employees time off for tutoring and mentoring programs.
Many employers give higher salaries to bilingual employees.
Many employers give matching contributions only in company stock.
Many employers give out information about the required qualities of the job.
Many employers give preference in hiring applicants with certification.
Many employers go to the conference looking for young energetic employees for the future.
Many employers grant paid holidays and vacations.
Many employers have a cafeteria plan that includes tuition assistance.
Many employers have a formal policy against discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Many employers have a lack of awareness of domestic violence issues.
Many employers have a matching gift program.
Many Employers have a matching gift program.
Many employers have a reasonable duty of care in the hiring process.
Many employers have a set salary range for entry-level positions and others are more negotiable.
Many employers have a training program to ease the transition from school to industry.
Many employers have access to review our candidate resume database on-line.
Many employers have an especially difficult time with pregnancy-related leaves.
Many employers have anti-sexual harassment policies which include reporting procedures.
Many employers have comparative information on costs and coverage of health plans readily available.
Many employers have concerns about the amount of time their staff spend reading email.
Many employers have counselling and referral resources available for their employees.
Many employers have different benefits for part time and full time employees.
Many employers have difficulty matching the right person to the right job.
Many employers have employees who are required to travel as part of their jobs.
Many employers have employment offices which can be contacted about summer positions.
Many employers have fewer employees doing more work.
Many employers have formal training programs that can last up to two years.
Many employers have homepages.
Many employers have Internet access only through modems.
Many employers have links to their homepages where employment opportunities are listed.
Many employers have matching gift programs that equal employee donations.
Many employers have misconceptions about employment laws.
Many employers have neither the time nor expertise to address the issues that arise.
Many employers have no standing policy on employee privacy.
Many employers have only a few overseas employees.
Many employers have organizational home pages on the Internet.
Many employers have policies designed to prevent the employment of close relatives.
Many employers have policies that forbid employees from discussing their salaries with each other.
Many employers have programs to match gifts made to colleges and universities.
Many employers have programs to support the charitable endeavors of their employees.
Many employers have regulations about using e-mail at the work place.
Many employers have rules that prohibit their employees from discussing wages.
Many employers have scholarship programs for dependents of their employees.
Many employers have some flexibility in the benefits area, especially vacation.
Many employers have specific guidance on fieldwork.
Many employers have specific polices for handling discrimination problems.
Many employers have the misunderstanding that employing a non-U.S. resident is difficult.
Many employers have to train their people to their specific ways of doing things, anyway.
Many employers have training programs.
Many employers have tuition reimbursement plans.
Many employers have valid reasons why they prefer employees to work in the office.
Many employers have workplace violence protocols that encompass domestic violence.
Many employers hire applicants part time.
Many employers hire applicants part-time.
Many employers hire recruiters for a variety of reasons.
Many employers hire their co-op students into permanent employment after graduation.
Many employers hire their interns upon graduation.
Many employers hire through personal contacts.
Many employers host information sessions on campus the night before their interview date.
Many employers incorporate the concept of behavioral interviewing when selecting employees.
Many employers increasingly value employees who are sensitive to gender and diversity issues.
Many employers interview dozens of applicants.
Many employers issue dosemeters to staff even though there is no legal requirement to do so.
Many employers keep tabs on e-mail and Internet use with monitoring or auditing software.
Many employers keep their summer hires on staff part-time during school months.
Many employers know have websites on the Internet.
Many employers know that undergrad degrees have nothing to do with current jobs.
Many employers let their egos dominate their interactions with their employees.
Many employers like to offer their employees stock.
Many employers list internships on-line.
Many employers list job openings in newspaper ads.
Many employers list job openings on their web sites too.
Many employers list job openings with our placement services.
Many employers list job opportunities on their company web site.
Many employers list their entry-level openings in college placement offices.
Many employers list their openings here.
Many employers look at resumes without finding any that they are interested in.
Many employers look favorably upon additional accounting courses.
Many employers look favorably upon memberships and active participation in professional societies.
Many employers look for creativity and imagination when the job calls for it.
Many employers look for experienced workers.
Many employers look for Greek members because of their social mingling and leadership roles.
Many employers look for it and it is often a good icebreaker at the beginning of the interview.
Many employers look for people who have worked at a summer camp.
Many employers look for people with excellent communication skills.
Many employers look specifically for youth who demonstrate achievement, initiative, and maturity.
Many employers look upon the associate degree as a minimum requirement for skilled occupations.
Many employers look upon the associate degree as minimum requirement for skilled occupations.
Many employers make a contribution additional to or to match their employees' and pensioners gifts.
Many employers make assistance programs available to their employees, often without charge.
Many employers make credit union membership available as an employee benefit.
Many employers make decisions months in advance to allow ample time to interview students.
Many employers make it very easy to save for retirement through payroll deductions.
Many employers make job offers months before a candidate is actually available for employment.
Many employers make matching contributions to add to their employees' savings.
Many employers make the mistake of only asking about felonies .
Many employers manage and sort resumes in a resume database.
Many employers match employee gifts to higher education.
Many employers match employees gifts.
Many employers match gifts that employees make to colleges.
Many employers match the charitable contributions of their employees.
Many employers match the gifts of their employees.
Many employers match their employees' charitable gifts.
Many employers match their employees' gifts.
Many employers never advertise job vacancies but rely on being contacted by potential teachers.
Many employers now expect college graduates to have completed practical, work-related experience.
Many employers now favor hiring more highly trained engineers at the entry level of the profession.
Many employers now have home pages on the Internet.
Many employers now have separate policies for dealing with email.
Many employers now have web.
Many employers now monitor and keep copies of all email sent or received using employer's computers.
Many employers now monitor their employees' telephone conversations.
Many employers now offer long-term care insurance as an optional employee benefit.
Many employers now offer same-sex spousal benefits.
Many employers now offer sign-on bonuses and choices of shifts.
Many employers now offer their employees the benefit of tuition reimbursement.
Many employers now offer vision care coverage as part of their package of insurance benefits.
Many employers now prefer to put their graduate recruitment information on their websites.
Many employers now require certification for various technical and professional occupations.
Many employers now run extended selection centres as part of their recruitment process.
Many employers now seek buyers with three to seven years of experience.
Many employers now spell out their preferred formats.
Many employers now use email monitoring systems to keep track of email usage.
Many employers now use psychometric assessment tests as a selection tool.
Many employers now use psychometric tests as part of their selection procedure.
Many employers offer a cafeteria plan to their employees.
Many employers offer a charitable matching program to their employees.
Many employers offer a corporate gift matching program .
Many employers offer a matching gift program that can double or triple a donor's contribution.
Many employers offer a matching gifts program to their employees.
Many employers offer a tuition reimbursement benefit to qualified employees.
Many employers offer a variety of compensations for extraordinary work.
Many employers offer a variety of tuition reimbursement plans for their employees.
Many employers offer benefits, loans, and leave time to adopting parents.
Many employers offer bonuses.
Many employers offer bus pass discounts to employees.
Many employers offer company sponsored retirement plans.
Many employers offer direct deposit.
Many employers offer educational benefit opportunities.
Many employers offer educational benefits to their employees.
Many employers offer employee assistance programs which can provide confidential help at no cost.
Many employers offer employee assistance programs, and schools have counselors who can help.
Many employers offer financial assistance to their employees.
Many employers offer flexible work schedules, child care, and educational benefits.
Many employers offer flexible work schedules, child care, educational benefits and bonuses.
Many employers offer flexible work schedules, child care, educational benefits, and bonuses.
Many employers offer free or discounted child care to employees.
Many employers offer free or discounted childcare to employees.
Many employers offer health benefits only to full-time employees.
Many employers offer hefty signing bonuses to high-tech employees.
Many employers offer matching gift programs on behalf of their employees.
Many employers offer matching gift programs through their corporate affairs or foundation offices.
Many employers offer matching gifts or pledges on behalf of participating employees.
Many employers offer matching grants.
Many employers offer meals at subsidised prices or a free travel pass for public transport.
Many employers offer meals at subsidized prices or a free travel pass for public transport.
Many employers offer release time for employees who engage in citizen service.
Many employers offer retirement plans.
Many employers offer some form of dental coverage, yet many employers offer none.
Many employers offer special work schedules and reimbursement for courses completed.
Many employers offer students a chance to work in their career field while they're still in school.
Many employers offer summer employment opportunities to our students.
Many employers offer summer work placement.
Many employers offer the vaccine as an employee benefit.
Many employers offer their employees some form of tuition aid for enrollment in job-related courses.
Many employers offer their workers no real choice of plans or doctors.
Many employers offer training at work and provide tuition assistance programs.
Many employers offer tuition assistance or reimbursement programs.
Many employers offer tuition assistance plans.
Many employers offer tuition assistance to their employees as a benefit.
Many employers offer tuition payment or reimbursement plans to their employees.
Many employers offer tuition reimbursement as an employee benefit.
Many employers offer tuition reimbursement, scholarships, or loans.
Many employers only consider applicants who are certified or certification-eligible.
Many employers only hire one or two employees per year.
Many employers only hire people to work part-time.
Many employers only permit teleworking if there is no additional expense to the organization.
Many employers operate a simplified form, for example giving a choice of car versus cash.
Many employers operate discretionary bonus schemes.
Many employers pay a base salary wage plus commission, depending on type of financial services sold.
Many employers pay for their employees to attend classes.
Many employers pay for workers to attend classes about developments in the field.
Many employers pay membership dues for their secretaries and staff.
Many employers pay per delivery or by weigh bill.
Many employers pay tuition for employees who take additional job related courses.
Many employers pay vision and life insurance.
Many employers paying for the coverage are unaware of the reductions.
Many employers plan information sessions in advance, or in lieu of, an on-campus recruiting visit.
Many employers plan information sessions, often for the evening before their interview date.
Many employers plan to pay partial or full fees for their staff s training.
Many employers post information about themselves on the Internet.
Many employers post job openings on the Web.
Many employers post their job openings on their websites.
Many employers prefer a list of references rather than reference letters.
Many employers prefer an advanced degree and experience.
Many employers prefer applicants who have a liberal arts background.
Many employers prefer applicants with specialized training.
Many employers prefer applicants with training in a specialized area of the law.
Many employers prefer applicants with training in a specialized areas of the law.
Many employers prefer chemists with a Ph.D. to work in basic and applied research.
Many employers prefer completion of a certificate training program.
Many employers prefer graduates of formal training programs in diesel mechanics.
Many employers prefer graduates of two year technical programs.
Many employers prefer graduates with practical experience.
Many employers prefer graduates.
Many employers prefer high school graduates.
Many employers prefer hiring students who have relevant experience.
Many employers prefer jewelers with design, repair, and sales skills.
Many employers prefer students with broad intellectual experience and skills.
Many employers prefer that applicants possess an early childhood education certificate.
Many employers prefer that the employee call in sick.
Many employers prefer to do no outreach at all.
Many employers prefer to have a recruiter prequalify candidate contractors.
Many employers prefer to hire applicants who have experience in the field.
Many employers prefer to hire applicants with previous experience in the field.
Many employers prefer to hire high school graduates.
Many employers prefer to hire operators with specialized training.
Many employers prefer to hire people who are willing to be certified.
Many employers prefer to hire people who have experience with animals.
Many employers prefer to hire registered radiographers and sonographers.
Many employers prefer to hire registered technologists.
Many employers prefer to hire repairers who have several years of experience or training.
Many employers prefer to hire transcriptionists who have completed some college coursework.
Many employers prefer to pre-select candidates for their interview schedules.
Many employers prefer well-rounded jewelers with design, repair, and sales skills.
Many employers provide a retirement plan.
Many employers provide accommodation or accommodation subsidies for qualified staff.
Many employers provide assistance for employees or children of employees who wish to attend college.
Many employers provide financial assistance for graduate study.
Many employers provide for vacation, sick leave or medical or dental benefits.
Many employers provide full or partial tuition assistance as a benefit to their employees.
Many employers provide full or partial tuition assistance to their employees.
Many employers provide funding for continuing education.
Many employers provide health benefits to retired employees.
Many employers provide job-related training for their workers.
Many employers provide locker rooms and shower facilities.
Many employers provide lockers and shower facilities.
Many employers provide matching gift programs for their employees.
Many employers provide medical insurance and a paid vacation.
Many employers provide medical insurance and dental insurance.
Many employers provide medical insurance and vacation for full time staff.
Many employers provide medical insurance.
Many employers provide preretirement seminars.
Many employers provide retirement plans and discounts on dental work.
Many employers provide their employees with health insurance, paid vacations, and paid sick leave.
Many employers provide tuition assistance for people who are completing their degree.
Many employers provide uniforms and uniform cleaning allowances.
Many employers provide uniforms, locker rooms, and shower facilities.
Many employers provide vision, retirement and life insurance.
Many employers provide water, sewer, electric, laundry and cable.
Many employers prvide some benefits or scholarships.
Many employers rank law review and law journal experience as a high predictor of lawyering success.
Many employers read the first paragraph and then scan the rest.
Many employers read their employees' e-mail and monitor their Web surfing habits.
Many employers receive hundreds of cover letters and resumes each day.
Many employers receive hundreds of resumes per month.
Many employers recognise the high calibre of our students.
Many employers recognize the importance of making welfare reform work.
Many employers recognize the value of hiring certified engineering technology professionals.
Many employers recommend or require back belts to reduce employee injuries and injury claims.
Many employers recruit applicants through newspaper advertisements.
Many employers recruit students every year because the quality of our students is outstanding.
Many employers recruit through newspaper advertisements.
Many employers recruit USD students on a regular basis.
Many employers reduce their workforce for legitimate economic and business reasons.
Many employers reimburse employees for examination fees and study materials costs.
Many employers reimburse employees for tuition costs for courses that build career skills.
Many employers reimburse employees who are required to relocate in the course of their employment.
Many employers reimburse tuition and expenses for employees in approved programs.
Many employers rely on agencies to fill needs created when regular employees take vacations.
Many employers rely on contractors or consultants to help fill vacant positions.
Many employers report difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified Aboriginal people.
Many employers report how critical well crafted cover letters are in their selection process.
Many employers report that replacement costs are two to three times an employee's annual salary.
Many employers report that word processing skills are important.
Many employers report using employee referrals, newspaper ads, and private school referrals.
Many employers request information on available candidates.
Many employers request or require job applicant test results.
Many employers request that each applicant fill out a form about race, sex, age, and other subjects.
Many employers request to receive applications directly.
Many employers require a degree in addition to technical certification.
Many employers require a resume be sent as the first method of contact.
Many employers require a two-quarter commitment.
Many employers require advanced training.
Many employers require an application as the first step to employment.
Many employers require an associate degree.
Many employers require applicants to pass a physical examination as a condition of employment.
Many employers require applicants to supply their own tools.
Many employers require applicants to Take Tests prior to employment.
Many employers require basic knowledge of English, math, and writing.
Many employers require employees to use passwords to access their voice and e-mail.
Many employers require national certification.
Many employers require no experience.
Many employers require operators to pass a physical examination.
Many employers require or prefer completion of a certificate training program.
Many employers require or prefer six months to one year of public contact experience.
Many employers require rehabilitation counselors to be certified.
Many employers require several years of experience.
Many employers require some postsecondary training.
Many employers require students to complete a fourth year of study.
Many employers require students with non-business degrees to have some accounting knowledge.
Many employers require such a document as justification for the employee's official sick leave.
Many employers require testing to detect drug usage.
Many employers require that applicants for technology positions have experience in the field.
Many employers require that newly hired employees have some knowledge of a foreign language.
Many employers require their own applications be submitted when applying for a job.
Many employers require their service technicians to become certified.
Many employers return year after year to employ our placement students.
Many employers reuse old form release agreements in situations involving terminations.
Many employers routinely look at the credit histories of potential hires.
Many employers routinely require a test for illegal drug use from prospective employees.
Many employers say a major challenge they have is finding qualified employees.
Many employers say attitude is more important than experience or education.
Many employers say that it is hard to hire students because of their inflated salary expectations.
Many employers say they are having a hard time finding home health aides and nursing assistants.
Many employers say they recruit at the college level for the sake of efficiency.
Many employers schedule several candidates for visits each day.
Many employers see that children are a cheap and docile labour force.
Many employers seek out candidates with advanced degrees.
Many employers seek out students with degrees in English for management jobs.
Many employers send alumni representatives.
Many employers send application materials and additional information to our office.
Many employers send only the bottom section and save the top part as a summary or copy.
Many employers send representatives to campus to interview students.
Many employers share the cost with employees.
Many employers simply can t afford to contribute a portion of the premium.
Many employers speak about empowering their employees.
Many employers sponsor matching gift programs that can double or triple a contribution to Miami.
Many employers sponsor students through the programmes.
Many employers sponsor tuition assistance programs.
Many employers start recruiting in the Autumn term.
Many employers start recruiting interns early in the fall semester.
Many employers subscribe to the data bank and contact members directly.
Many employers subsidize lower income employees in addition.
Many employers support continuing education for their employees.
Many employers support work and family programs on compassionate grounds alone.
Many employers take advantage of the benefits offered by Co-op education.
Many employers take advantage of the ease of on-campus interviewing.
Many employers talk about balance.
Many employers test applicants for basic verbal, arithmetic, and abstract reasoning skills.
Many employers test applicants for basic verbal, math, and abstract reasoning skills.
Many employers then take people on to a second round of assessment exercises and interviews.
Many employers think in terms of how much they expect workers to earn in an hour.
Many employers think overall taxes have gone down, but most think the overall burden remains high.
Many employers think so.
Many employers think that psycometric tests hold the answers.
Many employers think well of such initiative.
Many employers too are unwilling to file applications for undocumented employees.
Many employers try to anticipate problems before they occur, and solve problems when they do arise.
Many employers underestimate what the student can do.
Many employers use a behavioral interviewing technique.
Many employers use a combination of salary, override and bonus.
Many employers use a learning lab where staff can work without interruption.
Many employers use a rating system to evaluate selected criteria during the interview.
Many employers use a wide variety of job listing services.
Many employers use agencies to supplement their recruiting efforts.
Many employers use aptitude tests as part of their selection procedure.
Many employers use education benefits to attract, retain, and develop employees.
Many employers use grades as a way to evaluate candidates.
Many employers use journeyworkers as management personnel.
Many employers use resumes as guides, asking for additional details during the interview.
Many employers use some form of drug screening in the employment process.
Many employers use some form of managed care.
Many employers use specific reference forms that can be sent to past employers and references.
Many employers use temporary agencies to obtain part-time or temporary help.
Many employers use temporary workers as tryout employees.
Many employers use the Labor Condition Application form itself for the posting.
Many employers utilise assessment centres as part of their recruitment process.
Many employers utilize the calendar method because it is the easiest to administer.
Many employers value a candidate's internship experience highly.
Many employers value the reliability and stability that a retired person can contribute.
Many employers view people with disabilities as an increase to their insurance costs.
Many employers view the list as evidence that workers have no legal immigration status.
Many employers violate minimum-wage laws.
Many employers visit campus to give presentations on the opportunities they offer.
Many employers visit the campus to interview PSU students for full-time employment or internships.
Many employers visit the campus to offer presentations to students and also to conduct interviews.
Many employers wait until the last minute to mail their reports.
Many employers welcome employee feedback and suggestions.
Many employers wish to receive resumes and contact students directly.
More employers are now willing to accept graduate applications for technician work.
More employers demand proof that they're getting value for their health care dollars.
More employers hire firms to look at worker's history.
More employers make elder care benefits available.
More employers now collect resumes online.
More employers offer health insurance to domestic partners.
More employers see the value of safety and health programs.
More employers see the wisdom of removing career obstacles.
More employers send senior officers to recruit on campus.
More employers value corporate culture and professional development than seekers.
Most employers always require previous work experience.
Most employers usually require prior experience.
Most employers accept applications.
Most employers accept two days as the standard amount of time between an offer and acceptance.
Most employers accept unofficial transcripts, so order unofficials and make copies.
Most employers act in good faith, but our laws are biased in favour of employees.
Most employers agree that people are their most important asset.
Most employers allow changes to contribution amounts every pay period.
Most employers allow their employees to sign up as soon as an initial probationary period ends.
Most employers also give pre-employment medical exams.
Most employers also offer additional benefits such as health insurance and paid vacations.
Most employers also offer dental insurance, retirement plans and life insurance.
Most employers also offer life and vison insurance and retirement plans.
Most employers also offer vision insurance.
Most employers also prefer applicants who have experience or formal training in woodworking.
Most employers also provide other benefits that add to the quality of a job, such as sick leave.
Most employers also provide vision insurance.
Most employers also require an applicant to have a high school diploma or the equivalent.
Most employers also require an applicant to have a high school diploma.
Most employers also require at least two years of training beyond high school.
Most employers also require formal education and training.
Most employers also require that guards be bondable.
Most employers also see computer-related experience as a top priority when hiring a new employee.
Most employers also see temporary experience as comparable to full-time job experience.
Most employers are aware of their employment discrimination responsibilities.
Most employers are compassionate and sympathetic.
Most employers are concerned about drug use within the past year.
Most employers are eager to interview qualified candidates as soon as possible.
Most employers are fair-minded and sensitive to harassment.
Most employers are familiar with the cost of living differences in various areas in the country.
Most employers are flexible in scheduling work hours around class schedules.
Most employers are happy to hire women, especially now that there's a shortage of technical hires.
Most employers are hungry for ideas that improve work conditions and employee morale.
Most employers are interested in interviewing all students.
Most employers are keen to help as long as the request is phrased politely.
Most employers are less heavy-handed.
Most employers are loath to include union-free statements in their employee handbooks.
Most employers are more concerned about career achievements than education.
Most employers are more interested in grades and experience than what college was attended.
Most employers are more willing to negotiate benefits than base salary.
Most employers are only interested in job- related details.
Most employers are pleasantly surprised.
Most employers are satisfied with the overall health and progress of the economy.
Most employers are simply unaware of what their human and financial costs are.
Most employers are suspicious when all the references speak in glowing terms.
Most employers are sympathetic and helpful.
Most employers are understanding and helpful.
Most employers are usually willing to let patients take time off for treatment or follow-up visits.
Most employers are very concerned about company property and confidential information.
Most employers are very helpful with housing information, so be sure to ask for information.
Most employers are well prepared for company visits by candidates.
Most employers are willing to accept training as a substitute for experience.
Most employers are willing to accommodate valued employees.
Most employers are willing to invest effort and money to enhance an employee's productivity.
Most employers are willing to train employees who want to learn.
Most employers are willing to work with employees if things are done in a reasonable manner.
Most employers ask for evidence of demonstrable transferable generic skills.
Most employers ask job applicants for references from former employers.
Most employers base the amount on how much business they did in the last six months or year.
Most employers begin at the first of the month and run through the remainder of the calendar year.
Most employers believe that all forms of discrimination in the workplace are illegal.
Most employers believe that juries are pro-employee.
Most employers believe that their liability extends only to employment of an unauthorized alien.
Most employers call if they are interested.
Most employers call to set up an interview.
Most employers can raise their prices, to pay their staff more.
Most employers check official motor vehicle records.
Most employers check references, including dates, titles and salary.
Most employers choose to have no severance plan at all.
Most employers choose to purchase stop loss coverage to protect against unexpected large claims.
Most employers choose to use progressive discipline as an attempt to coach performance.
Most employers conduct background checks of applicants in one form or another.
Most employers conduct careful research before setting salaries.
Most employers consider a reference over two years old to be invalid.
Most employers consider the first few months on the job as introductory.
Most employers consistently list writing and speaking skills as most desirable in new employees.
Most employers covered by the regulations can identify drug testing as a requirement.
Most employers currently have to remit their payroll deductions each month.
Most employers dislike gimmicks.
Most employers distribute a benefit booklet directly to their employees.
Most employers distribute complicated benefit booklet to new employees.
Most employers do base their offer on current salary.
Most employers do call former bosses for job information.
Most employers do follow the laws and make sure they're legal in every way.
Most employers do it.
Most employers do pay wages and commissions promptly.
Most employers do their homework and develop offers they feel are justified by the market.
Most employers emphasize personal qualities when hiring managers.
Most employers emphasize personal qualities.
Most employers encourage employees to update their skills.
Most employers encourage their summer associates and externs to participate.
Most employers expect a high school diploma and knowledge of basic business math.
Most employers expect a more personal touch.
Most employers expect at least three.
Most employers expect clerks to have at least normal strength and be able to stand for long periods.
Most employers expect new hires to know basic computer operations.
Most employers expect students to use members of staff as referees.
Most employers expect to be able to fire senior executives immediately if things go wrong.
Most employers expect to offer their employees a greater choice of voluntary benefits.
Most employers favor chronological resumes with the information in reverse chronological order.
Most employers file letters of resignation in case there's a problem down the road.
Most employers fill a job before they make a formal job posting.
Most employers fill openings by hiring referrals from colleges and universities.
Most employers fill openings by hiring referrals from employees.
Most employers fill openings by hiring referrals from schools and training programs.
Most employers fill openings by hiring unsolicited applicants.
Most employers fill openings through in-house promotion or transfer.
Most employers fill positions with people they meet before they officially have an open position.
Most employers finance college-level studies.
Most employers find objective statements helpful.
Most employers find they benefit from our placement programme as much as the students.
Most employers fire people without warning.
Most employers form a first impression during the first seven seconds of a meeting.
Most employers form an impression during the first seven seconds of a meeting.
Most employers gain an impression of maturity and judgement by examining overall appearance.
Most employers give slight pay increases with experience and added responsibility.
Most employers grant sick leave in hours rather than days.
Most employers grant stock options according to regular calendar cycles during the fiscal year.
Most employers have a lot to learn about managing their top talent.
Most employers have a probationary period during which a new employee is to be evaluated.
Most employers have an accident book.
Most employers have an employee handbook.
Most employers have an insurance carrier which handles compensation claims.
Most employers have an open enrollment period at some time during the year.
Most employers have diversity objectives in their college relations programs.
Most employers have emergency action plans to address a tornado.
Most employers have large, national operations and openings for all majors.
Most employers have literature describing their organization and opponunities.
Most employers have literature describing their organization and opportunities.
Most employers have no formal policy regarding supervisor-subordinate dating.
Most employers have no written policy at all on workplace romance.
Most employers have some flexibility to negotiate salary.
Most employers have their own attendance policy.
Most employers have to remit payroll deductions on a monthly basis.
Most employers have web sites that contain useful information regarding the organization.
Most employers have weekly or biweekly pay periods.
Most employers hire college graduates for property management positions.
Most employers hire only geologists with a master's degree or equivalent graduate studies.
Most employers hire only on-call, hourly workers and provide no benefits.
Most employers hire recent law school graduates directly on their own.
Most employers hiring for professional positions expect a cover letter with a resume.
Most employers ignore attachments.
Most employers institute age limitations to protect public safety.
Most employers interview for entry-level professional positions and internship positions.
Most employers keep payroll information and customer information in databases.
Most employers know a 'set answer' when they hear one.
Most employers know the Washington state discrimination law protects employees and job applicants.
Most employers know they can go for years without ever seeing a factory inspector.
Most employers let their workers choose from only a handful of plans.
Most employers like to meet people personally.
Most employers look for a vendor to handle drug testing requirements.
Most employers look for common strengths in the candidates.
Most employers look for common strengths in their candidates.
Most employers look for dependable people who are fast learners and eager workers.
Most employers look for proven writing and interviewing skills.
Most employers look for which free agent offers the greatest value .
Most employers look for workers who are proficient with the equipment they use.
Most employers look for workers who have at least two years experience working in an office.
Most employers maintain personnel files on employees.
Most employers make a real effort to give summer staff one or two days off per week.
Most employers make an effort to have the apprentice work as steadily as possible.
Most employers make significant investments in their employees.
Most employers never see that many in a week or a month, let alone a day.
Most employers now call references for verification and clarification.
Most employers now expect college graduates to have completed at least one internship.
Most employers now require at least a two-year degree .
Most employers offer a choice of several different plans to their employees.
Most employers offer all three.
Most employers offer at least one such option.
Most employers offer automatic electronic deposits of paychecks.
Most employers offer days off with pay for full-time employees.
Most employers offer employees very few health plans.
Most employers offer flexible hours to accommodate students' class schedules.
Most employers offer flexible hours to accommodate the schedule of the student.
Most employers offer food and beverage discounts during an employee's shift.
Most employers offer highly competitive salaries to lure the best talent before they graduate.
Most employers offer medical and dental insurance and vacation.
Most employers offer on the job training.
Most employers offer paid vacation and sick leave.
Most employers offer paid vacation, sick leave and medical insurance.
Most employers offer payroll deduction to their employees.
Most employers offer some level of group coverage and often cover some portion of the cost.
Most employers offer some short-term sick leave, lasting from a few days to six months.
Most employers offer sound business reasons for offering health benefits to workers.
Most employers offer standard benefits and a few pay for child care, either at work or off-site.
Most employers offer support for short courses and occasionally for a higher degree.
Most employers offer training for little or no charge.
Most employers offer vacation plans, health insurance, and sometimes educational benefits.
Most employers offer various payroll deduction plans.
Most employers offer wellness programs simply because they think the benefit is worth the cost.
Most employers offer working conditions that range from decent to great.
Most employers only advertise as a last resort to finding a new employee.
Most employers only offer one choice of plan.
Most employers open their positions up to the public only as a last resort.
Most employers organize their presentations through our office.
Most employers pay a death in service benefit to the dependants of employees.
Most employers pay both a federal and a state unemployment tax.
Most employers pay both a state and federal unemployment tax.
Most employers pay both federal and state unemployment tax under the Federal Unemployment Tax Act.
Most employers pay close attention to student athletes.
Most employers pay drivers while they complete the Washington State comprehensive school-bus course.
Most employers pay for vacation, sick leave and medical insurance.
Most employers pay their employees while they're on jury duty.
Most employers place an emphasis on personal qualities.
Most employers prefer a one-page resume.
Most employers prefer an associate degree or a four-year college degree.
Most employers prefer applicants who are familiar with computers and their applications in banking.
Most employers prefer applicants who are good drivers and have sales ability.
Most employers prefer applicants who have at least a high school diploma.
Most employers prefer applicants with a BA degree.
Most employers prefer applicants with an associate degree in engineering technology.
Most employers prefer applicants with formal training in electronics.
Most employers prefer applicants with previous travel agency experience, but some hire trainees.
Most employers prefer apprentices who have completed high school.
Most employers prefer buspersons who have a clean appearance and show a willingness to learn.
Most employers prefer candidates for electronics assembler positions to be high school graduates.
Most employers prefer chronological resumes to other types of resumes.
Most employers prefer completion of a certificate training program.
Most employers prefer graduates with experience, and an internship provides valuable experience.
Most employers prefer guards who are high school graduates.
Most employers prefer helpers who have a clean appearance and show a willingness to learn.
Most employers prefer high school graduates.
Most employers prefer high-school graduates.
Most employers prefer informal and personal methods of identifying employees.
Most employers prefer it.
Most employers prefer outlines, diagrams, flow charts, etc.
Most employers prefer people who are neat, clean, trustworthy, and in good health.
Most employers prefer people who are open, honest and speak straight across, person to person.
Most employers prefer questions to assumptions.
Most employers prefer some training in business machine operations.
Most employers prefer speaking personally with references.
Most employers prefer students to call and set up an interview.
Most employers prefer that a resume be mailed with a letter of introduction.
Most employers prefer that applicants have a bachelors degree.
Most employers prefer that nursing assistants and aides have a high school diploma or equivalent.
Most employers prefer that their employees are nonsmokers.
Most employers prefer the apprentice to have completed high school.
Most employers prefer to call candidates directly for interviews at the employers place of business.
Most employers prefer to hire animal scientists with farm experience and graduate degrees.
Most employers prefer to hire certified or registered technologists.
Most employers prefer to hire certified radiographers.
Most employers prefer to hire certified technologists.
Most employers prefer to hire certified therapists, however, certification is voluntary in Florida.
Most employers prefer to hire college graduates for real estate management positions.
Most employers prefer to hire graduates of formal programs in medical assisting.
Most employers prefer to hire individuals who are accredited.
Most employers prefer to hire landscape architects that have completed at least one internship.
Most employers prefer to hire licensed technologists.
Most employers prefer to hire locally.
Most employers prefer to hire people who have at least a high school education.
Most employers prefer to hire students from an accredited program.
Most employers prefer to hire students who have blocks of available time.
Most employers prefer to train people already in the health care field, nursing aides, for example.
Most employers prefer to train their own personnel.
Most employers prefer to use other sources for recruiting candidates.
Most employers prefer workers who are computer-literate.
Most employers prorate benefits to their part-time workers.
Most employers provide aides clinical training on the job.
Most employers provide both medical benefits for a specified period and outplacement services.
Most employers provide coverage for prescription medications and vision care.
Most employers provide few benefits.
Most employers provide fingerprint cards, however if needed, cards are available at the Barrack.
Most employers provide furnished accommodation.
Most employers provide housing, benefits, and competitive salaries.
Most employers provide in-service training such as seminars and workshops.
Most employers provide internal ridematch services to all employees.
Most employers provide medical insurance and a paid vacation.
Most employers provide medical insurance and dental insurance.
Most employers provide medical insurance and other benefits, including a vacation and sick leave.
Most employers provide medical insurance, sick leave and vacation.
Most employers provide medical insurance.
Most employers provide medical treatment for their employees through company clinics.
Most employers provide new bachelor's degree chemists with additional training or education.
Most employers provide new graduates additional training or education.
Most employers provide paid vacation, sick leave, and medical insurance.
Most employers provide some type of life insurance in their benefits package.
Most employers provide their employees with some level of life and disability insurance.
Most employers provide training on the job.
Most employers rank end-results as more important than lowest cost .
Most employers rank qualifications second or third in importance.
Most employers realize that it's unwise to ban all office romances.
Most employers realize that negotiation can be an art form.
Most employers really care about improving working conditions for their employees.
Most employers receive hundreds and even thousands of applications a year.
Most employers recognize that the workers' compensation laws are socially beneficial.
Most employers recognize that there is conflict from time to time with managers and employees.
Most employers recognize the benefits of wellness programs.
Most employers recommend an apprenticeship as the best way to learn carpentry.
Most employers recommend taking high school driver's training.
Most employers recruit applicants through newspaper advertisements.
Most employers recruit through employee referrals.
Most employers recruiting on our campus give a similar profile when they describe their ideal hire.
Most employers regard a good negotiator as more valuable.
Most employers regard conservative dress as a sign of good judgment.
Most employers regard that commitment as an empty promise.
Most employers rely almost exclusively on the employment interview to assess candidates.
Most employers report no difficulty in finding inexperienced or experienced staff.
Most employers report that recent new hires have completed high school or the equivalent.
Most employers report that students are positive, valued workers.
Most employers report that word processing and spreadsheet skills are important.
Most employers report that word processing skills are important.
Most employers report that word processing, spreadsheet and database skills are important.
Most employers report the employment of librarians has been declining.
Most employers require a conservative appearance.
Most employers require a high school diploma or equivalent.
Most employers require a technical or science degree.
Most employers require applicants to have passed at least one actuarial exam.
Most employers require at least a degree in graphic design.
Most employers require certification.
Most employers require experience and proven proficiency.
Most employers require health plans to keep employee records confidential.
Most employers require high school graduation or the equivalent.
Most employers require job seekers to provide a list of credible references.
Most employers require knowledge of word processing, spreadsheet, and database management programs.
Most employers require one.
Most employers require or prefer completion of a certificate training program.
Most employers require prior experience.
Most employers require that mechanics be licensed to drive, and be bondable.
Most employers require the employee to sign a release in exchange for severance payments.
Most employers require tuberculosis screening at time of hire.
Most employers require U.S. citizenship or permanent residence.
Most employers require work experience and a college degree.
Most employers require workers to be physically able to perform the work.
Most employers respect confidentiality and privacy.
Most employers say no.
Most employers say the tight labor market is the reason for the change in candidates.
Most employers say they want their employees to take a break for lunch.
Most employers say they want workers with skills in reading, writing, and computation.
Most employers secure coverage by purchasing workers' compensation insurance.
Most employers seek applicants who have already succeeded in other fields.
Most employers seek computer skills, business training, and public-speaking ability.
Most employers seek employees with computer skills related to the specific projects assigned.
Most employers seek graduates with some overseas or global experience.
Most employers seek out four-year graduates with a degree in a specific area of concentration.
Most employers seek persons who have a master's degree in city planning or urban design.
Most employers seek persons who really understand photography.
Most employers seem to be happy.
Most employers send their assistant managers or top employees to station the booth.
Most employers show their superannuation contribution as part of the total wage.
Most employers specify their desired format for sending resumes and work samples.
Most employers spend less than one minute on each resume initially.
Most employers spend more than that daily on their copy machine.
Most employers start new hires in the helper or laborer jobs in the power plant.
Most employers still offer a choice between at least two health care options.
Most employers still prefer a mailed resume on good quality resume paper to e-mailed resumes.
Most employers stress communication skills as their number one requirement.
Most employers stress the importance of experience.
Most employers take a very negative attitude toward employees receiving collection calls at work.
Most employers take resumes twice per year.
Most employers tend to find it easier to put people in boxes.
Most employers think that it always represents an award for postgraduate study.
Most employers try to be as specific as possible when posting a job on a board.
Most employers try to talk workers out of organizing.
Most employers try to underpay their employees if they can.
Most employers use a combination of methods.
Most employers use a combination of salary and commission or salary plus bonus.
Most employers use computer systems that are tied to a central computer.
Most employers use ESOPs as a financial or benefits tool.
Most employers use the co-op concept as a recruiting tool.
Most employers use the Co-op concept as a recruiting tool.
Most employers use the full interview only as a secondary interview.
Most employers use their existing equipment.
Most employers value related work experience and real world skills more than a particular major.
Most employers view technological proficiency as a major asset.
Most employers welcome any and all interested students.
Most employers withhold a portion of workers' pay to submit to the government periodically.
Most employers work with state transportation departments to provide employees with discount passes.
Most employers write or telephone approximately two weeks later.
Some employers accept a combination of education and experience.
Some employers accumulate allotments for all of an employee's bonds at the same time.
Some employers actually provide the equipment to the teleworker and still come out way ahead.
Some employers administer personality and interest inventories to job applicants.
Some employers administer plans themselves.
Some employers agree through the contract of employment to make payments.
Some employers allocate a mentor as well as a supervisor.
Some employers allow employees to work flexible hours to accommodate child care needs.
Some employers allow retirees to retain group medical coverage in retirement.
Some employers allow their staff to send and receive email from friends and family.
Some employers already put hearing protection as a top priority, with good reason.
Some employers already support employee-volunteering schemes.
Some employers also allow new moms to bring their babies to work, nursing on demand when needed.
Some employers also contribute.
Some employers also give inducements for going quickly.
Some employers also have better equipment and technology than academic institutions.
Some employers also have limited understanding of what an employment-related disability involves.
Some employers also have particular requirements for employment.
Some employers also have profit sharing plans and tuition reimbursement plans.
Some employers also make use of child labour.
Some employers also offer employee stock option plans and education reimbursement plans.
Some employers also offer employee stock option plans.
Some employers also offer installment payments.
Some employers also offer profit-sharing, stock purchase plans, and bonus programs.
Some employers also offer retirement plans.
Some employers also offer scholarships and system transfers.
Some employers also offer stock options, profit-sharing plans or pay annual bonuses.
Some employers also offer trainee schemes to enable staff to obtain professional qualifications.
Some employers also offer tuition reimbursement programs.
Some employers also offer tuition reimbursement.
Some employers also pay at least partial dental, vision, and life insurance.
Some employers also pay for vision, life insurance, and retirement plans.
Some employers also pay for work related training and provide uniforms.
Some employers also pay for work-related training and provide uniforms.
Some employers also permit individuals to make cash withdrawals while they are still employed.
Some employers also provide benefits to retirees, particularly long-term workers.
Some employers also provide tuition reimbursement benefits for employees and their dependents.
Some employers also provide uniforms.
Some employers also require a personal interview before accepting the student.
Some employers also require drug testing or background checks prior to employment.
Some employers also require mandatory drug testing prior to employment.
Some employers also sponsor plans that cover retired workers and their spouses.
Some employers also test for alcohol.
Some employers also visit such schools personally and interview prospective employees on-site.
Some employers answer their own phone when a secretary or receptionist is unavailable.
Some employers are afraid of handbooks.
Some employers are also confused about who is entitled.
Some employers are careless, some are devious - and some just outright lie.
Some employers are interested in speaking with alumni as well as current students.
Some employers are more understanding than others.
Some employers are particularly interested in recruiting minority candidates.
Some employers are reluctant to hire people who have mental illnesses.
Some employers are reluctant to provide paid work opportunities for students.
Some employers are satisfied with the partners signing a written statement of their relationship.
Some employers are self-insured.
Some employers are suspect of grades, and with good reason.
Some employers are under the mistaken belief they can only ask about felonies.
Some employers are unilaterally relaxing standards.
Some employers are union, although most jobs are non-union.
Some employers are union.
Some employers are vastly more susceptible to competition from non-union competitors.
Some employers are very flexible about who they with speak with.
Some employers are very unfair on their treatment of staff.
Some employers are willing to accept training as a substitute for experience.
Some employers are willing to go out on a limb and accept people who simply exude a tech aura.
Some employers are willing to purchase or assist in the purchase of equipment for employees.
Some employers arrange for employees to be offered health advice.
Some employers ask for a resume.
Some Employers ask for continuous listings throughout the semester.
Some employers ask for it by name.
Some employers ask that other requirements be met before approving reimbursement.
Some employers ask that their matching contribution remain unrestricted.
Some employers assist with locating housing.
Some employers assist with the travel and living arrangements for distant locations.
Some employers automatically delete e-mails with attached resumes.
Some employers automatically di scharge anyone who tests positive.
Some employers automatically discharge anyone who tests positive.
Some employers believe that a drug-free workplace program and drug testing are the same.
Some employers choose an information seminar prior to interviews.
Some employers choose to contact students directly.
Some employers choose to follow models that have proven successful elsewhere.
Some employers choose to interview on campus.
Some employers choose to interview their selected applicants by phone.
Some employers choose to make photocopies of all forms for their files.
Some employers choose to match part or all of the employee's contribution.
Some employers choose to misrepresent their history instead.
Some employers choose to send whole groups of promising employees.
Some employers claim impressive results.
Some employers conduct college campus interviews for entry-level positions.
Some employers conduct interviews by phone.
Some employers conduct preliminary interviews on campus.
Some employers conduct reference checks as far back as ten years or more.
Some employers consider it a privacy issue.
Some employers contact students as soon as individual resumes arrive.
Some employers cross categories.
Some employers deny training, promotions and fringe benefits to employees with disabilities.
Some employers develop their own labeling system.
Some employers dictate notes onto cassette tapes that transcriptionists listen to and type up.
Some employers discourage electronic cover letters because they take up too much computer space.
Some employers dismiss surface sampling on legal advice.
Some employers do but others maintain that it is too costly.
Some employers do hire based upon a persons's characteristics, outside their skills.
Some employers do it automatically.
Some employers do offer some form of disability insurance for their employees.
Some employers do permit their employees to respond to emergencies during the work day.
Some employers do provide limited benefits.
Some employers do provide medical and other benefits.
Some employers do provide sick pay.
Some employers do provide whole life insurance or other insurance that accumulates cash value.
Some employers do so to reward employees for their contributions and accomplishments.
Some employers do so to reward workers for their contributions and accomplishments.
Some employers do, however, allow employees to shift schedules daily as personal needs require.
Some employers drop insurance or require employees to care more of the cost.
Some employers encourage training towards chartered status.
Some employers encourage vanpooling by offering incentives to riders.
Some employers equate every one percent of absenteeism to one percent of lost profits.
Some employers establish a mentor for the co-op student.
Some employers even allow employees to work at home.
Some employers even have housing available at no cost to the students.
Some employers even know how many minutes employees spend in the rest room.
Some employers even neglect to point out the bathroom.
Some employers even offer study time on the clock and scholarship opportunities.
Some employers even offer tuition reimbursement for workers to continue their education.
Some employers even pay for 'an extra pair for home' right up front.
Some employers even pay for the remaining two years.
Some employers even post brief notices that appear when the employee accesses the system.
Some employers expect a degree in business studies, economics, computing or engineering.
Some employers face particularly complicated state income tax situations.
Some employers fear, though, that publicity for an ailment prompts people to think they have got it.
Some employers feel it is acceptable to ask it, others feel it is inappropriate.
Some employers feel that sharing the fare is the fairest way to handle commute costs.
Some employers feel that such a policy is too difficult to enforce.
Some employers find difficulty in attracting good candidates into production areas.
Some employers find reasons to suspend or fire employees if their wages are garnished.
Some employers forbid smoking anywhere in the office.
Some employers furnish cars, while others reimburse appraisers for private car use.
Some employers furnishing statements want to reduce costs and modernize business processes.
Some employers give a general presentation prior to the interview.
Some employers give applicants typing tests.
Some employers give examinations prior to hiring.
Some employers give hiring preference to honor society members.
Some employers give job-related tests and physical examinations.
Some employers give severance money without requiring the employee to sign anything.
Some employers go out of their way to emphasize cultural and religious diversity.
Some employers grant employees the right to keep private some or all of their computer information.
Some employers hate parchment paper.
Some employers have a gift matching program.
Some employers have a lot to answer for.
Some employers have a particular dress code.
Some employers have additional requirements.
Some employers have age requirements.
Some employers have campus recruiting programs for students and recent graduates.
Some employers have deadlines in the fall for summer positions.
Some employers have eligibility criteria that guide the rehire decision.
Some employers have excellent direct arrangements with faculty and academic departments.
Some employers have formal training programs and give certificates to employees who complete it.
Some employers have information sessions.
Some employers have in-house training programs and choose to do the training themselves.
Some employers have matching gift programs.
Some employers have mentoring programs that match new workers to women on the job.
Some employers have misconception that people who have disabilities are difficult to accommodate.
Some employers have performance related pay schemes.
Some employers have policies for handling a dispute regarding a family or medical leave.
Some employers have several different offices.
Some employers have strict guidelines regarding the acceptance of tips.
Some employers have strong purchasing power.
Some employers have ten times as many workers' compensation claims as others.
Some employers have three-ring notebooks with more extensive information.
Some employers have too much trust in the manufacturer or distributor of equipment they purchase.
Some employers have yet to feel the pinch.
Some employers help employees pay for college.
Some employers help make up that cost by contributing money from their training budget.
Some employers hire a consultant, while others elect to conduct their own evaluations.
Some employers hire graduates with other majors.
Some employers hire part time.
Some employers hire persons without formal training as helpers.
Some employers hold drop in days, and some hold test sessions on campus.
Some employers hold information sessions on campus well in advance of the resume drop-off date.
Some employers hold interviews while on-campus.
Some employers hold vacation work presentations with specific information about their schemes.
Some employers honor spouse and retiree contributions.
Some employers inappropriately use public funds to pay the union busters.
Some employers increase pay when people attain certifications.
Some employers indicate that their offers are nonnegotiable.
Some employers indicate that they hire through newspaper advertisements.
Some employers insist on a written communication.
Some employers intentionally introduce odors into the workplace to create moods.
Some employers interview on campus for internships.
Some employers know very little about epilepsy.
Some employers like to collect resumes and screen candidates at job or career fairs.
Some employers like to fax reference forms, others like to call or utilize e-mail.
Some employers like to see a very specific objective.
Some employers link EAPs with the company's drug testing program.
Some employers list openings in newspaper want ads.
Some employers look askance at online degrees.
Some employers look beyond the paycheck.
Some employers look favorably upon matching stationery and envelopes.
Some employers look for evidence of a well-rounded individual.
Some employers look for hires and recruit many months in advance of the anticipated work-start date.
Some employers maintain toll-free job lines listing openings at the company.
Some employers make campus recruitment visits during the spring term.
Some employers make employees very accountable for time spent away from work.
Some employers make in-home assessment available to their employees.
Some employers make matching contributions, enabling a persons gift to be doubled.
Some employers make no mention of drug testing in advance.
Some employers match employee contributions to charitable organizations.
Some employers match gifts dollar for dollar, or even more.
Some employers match the amount that an employee puts in the plan.
Some employers now accept resumes by e-mail.
Some employers now monitor all phone, pager, and Internet use.
Some employers now offer more than one dental plan to their employees.
Some employers now use word-scanner programs to screen r sum s for specific skills.
Some employers obtain consent or give advance notice.
Some employers obtain vans for interested employees to use for vanpooling.
Some employers offer a way to give to charities through their payroll department.
Some employers offer an advance to pay for such prejob expenses.
Some employers offer an array of benefits known as cafeteria plans.
Some employers offer assistance with housing.
Some employers offer benefits and supports that help their employees with child care needs.
Some employers offer cash bonuses to employees who improve their grades or earn As.
Some employers offer child-care benefits to employees.
Some employers offer classes partially during paid hours.
Some employers offer clerks stock purchase and profit sharing plans.
Some employers offer commission pay in addition to base salaries.
Some employers offer co-ops paid sick and holiday leave.
Some employers offer counseling to employees dealing with job-related stress.
Some employers offer courses to develop management skills.
Some employers offer coverage to retirees at group rates.
Some employers offer disability coverage at reduced rates as part of their benefits package.
Some employers offer educational assistance to their employees.
Some employers offer e-file services for their employees.
Some employers offer free or discounted transit passes.
Some employers offer group coverage.
Some employers offer health benefits to their employees without buying private health insurance.
Some employers offer it free as an employee benefit.
Some employers offer mammograms at the work site for their employees.
Some employers offer matching funds for workers who contribute to company savings plans.
Some employers offer membership in credit unions, retirement, and profit-sharing benefits.
Some employers offer more than one health coverage option.
Some employers offer more than one retirement option and pay differently depending on the program.
Some employers offer only one health insurance plan.
Some employers offer opportunities for a part-time MSc in a relevant subject.
Some employers offer payroll deduction for fare payment after the vanpool is stable.
Some employers offer premium parking spaces for carpoolers and vanpoolers.
Some employers offer programs which pay a portion of their employees down payment or closing costs.
Some employers offer retirement plans.
Some employers offer retirement programs or profit sharing, as well.
Some employers offer scholarships for employees.
Some employers offer scholarships in addition to paid internships, especially in science fields.
Some employers offer seminars and workshops to help workers improve upon or learn new skills.
Some employers offer seminars during paid work time.
Some employers offer sponsorship for relevant MSc courses.
Some employers offer sponsorship.
Some employers offer study incentives, tutoring opportunities or pay increases for improving grades.
Some employers offer subsidies to employees who rideshare.
Some employers offer subsidized housing or provide a housing allowance.
Some employers offer such inducements as company-supplied cars to lure prospective employees.
Some employers offer such supplemental insurance as a perk.
Some employers offer support for continuing education.
Some employers offer their co-ops and interns jobs at graduation.
Some employers offer to write a good letter of recommendation as part of their severance package.
Some employers offer tuition reimbursement for job-related courses.
Some employers offer tuition reimbursement.
Some employers offer workers credit and financial advising.
Some employers only come once a year.
Some employers only hire managers who have a college degree.
Some employers only reimburse their employees for credit courses.
Some employers operate a matched payroll giving scheme.
Some employers opt for physical examinations rather than verbal inquiries about applicants' fitness.
Some employers opt for the more old-fashioned logic problems, while others prefer actual games.
Some employers partially fund costs for employees continuing their education.
Some employers pay a cash bonus after harvest or at year's end.
Some employers pay employees less during probationary periods.
Some employers pay for vision care and life insurance.
Some employers pay hourly, some pay hourly plus incentive, some are production based.
Some employers pay Merchandisers per store visited.
Some employers pay more, some pay less.
Some employers pay sick leave.
Some employers pay the fees for their employees - others share fees with their employees.
Some employers pay twice a month according to the calendar month.
Some employers pay vision and dental insurance.
Some employers perceive employees as more dedicated to the company if they also own shares.
Some employers place as much emphasis on general and people skills as on class of degree.
Some employers play down the importance of Web protests on their policy making.
Some employers prefer a degree in communications, journalism, or English.
Some employers prefer a graduate degree.
Some employers prefer a masters degree in accounting.
Some employers prefer a resume and others require an application form.
Some employers prefer a well-written letter of introduction.
Some employers prefer advanced degrees.
Some employers prefer an associate degree.
Some employers prefer applicants who have a college degree.
Some employers prefer candidates who lack gaming industry experience.
Some employers prefer completion of a certificate training program.
Some employers prefer co-ops to work on a parallel plan.
Some employers prefer graduates of accredited programs.
Some employers prefer people who have at least a high school diploma.
Some employers prefer persons who have experience or training on power sewing machines.
Some employers prefer the employee to take the initiative in explaining employment gaps.
Some employers prefer to employ children because they can be cheaper, and more docile than adults.
Some employers prefer to hire certified technologists.
Some employers prefer to hire workers licensed in multiple disciplines.
Some employers prefer to interview candidates at the employer's place of business.
Some employers prefer to train new employees in the specifics of their jobs.
Some employers prefer to use private employment agencies.
Some employers prefer working with contingency firms and some with retained firms.
Some employers prohibit the use of luminol.
Some employers promote medical record clerks to medical record technician positions.
Some employers provide a matching gifts program, also.
Some employers provide a retirement plan.
Some employers provide a vacation.
Some employers provide assistance, which is appreciated.
Some employers provide benefits for part-time employees.
Some employers provide bike parking, lockers and shower facilities for bicyclists.
Some employers provide coverage to their employees through a self-insured health care plan.
Some employers provide employees only with a few options, while others offer dozens.
Some employers provide financial assistance to their employees who complete college-level work.
Some employers provide financial support with tuition fees and associated costs.
Some employers provide generous health insurance schemes, while others offer their own facilities.
Some employers provide group disability insurance.
Some employers provide group health insurance for their employees that carry over into retirement.
Some employers provide group term life insurance.
Some employers provide health insurance coverage for their employees.
Some employers provide housing for their co-op students.
Some employers provide in-service training.
Some employers provide life insurance and health and dental insurance.
Some employers provide life insurance and vision care plans.
Some employers provide matching grants for contributions to the Hudson River Maritime Museum.
Some employers provide medical insurance and a retirement plan.
Some employers provide medical insurance and a vacation.
Some employers provide medical insurance and dental insurance.
Some employers provide medical insurance and vision insurance.
Some employers provide medical insurance.
Some employers provide new bachelor's degree chemists with additional training or education.
Some employers provide office equipment for home use.
Some employers provide paid time off for employees who adopt.
Some employers provide the service as a courtesy to their employees.
Some employers provide training for newly hired counselors.
Some employers provide training programs.
Some employers provide training to help welders improve their skills.
Some employers provide tuition assistance and other education benefits, uniforms and parking.
Some employers provide vision insurance.
Some employers question the analysts' role.
Some employers receive a wage subsidy to offset training costs.
Some employers recommend a maximum of four paragraphs.
Some employers recruit only at the top schools.
Some employers recruit students with any major.
Some employers recruit through newspaper classified ads.
Some employers recruit trainees from training programs.
Some employers refuse to hire women who are planning to have children.
Some employers regularly monitor e-mail correspondence.
Some employers reimburse a student for the registration fee.
Some employers reimburse for non-business related classes and books.
Some employers reimburse full or partial tuition for graduate study.
Some employers rely heavily on intern positions as a way to identify future hires.
Some employers rely on their intern pool for future permanent hires.
Some employers rely on verbal agreements of employment.
Some employers report difficulty finding enough qualified applicants.
Some employers report that database and word processing skills are important.
Some employers report that database skills are important.
Some employers report that Internet and web publishing skills are becoming increasingly important.
Some employers report that spreadsheet skills are important.
Some employers report that word processing and database skills are important.
Some employers report that word processing skills are important.
Some employers require a drug screen as part of an employment or pre-employment physical.
Some employers require a drug test as a condition of employment.
Some employers require a graduate degree.
Some employers require a high school diploma.
Some employers require a high school education.
Some employers require a higher grade point average than required by Co-op.
Some employers require a letter grade for tuition reimbursement.
Some employers require a master s degree.
Some employers require a two-year college degree in law enforcement or sociology.
Some employers require applicants to pass a physical exam.
Some employers require applicants to take a polygraph examination or a psychological profile.
Some employers require attendance at a social function the night before the interview.
Some employers require certification as a condition of employment.
Some employers require certification.
Some employers require clerical experience and the ability to use standard office machines.
Some employers require completed applications before an interview.
Some employers require completion of a training program.
Some employers require drug screening tests.
Some employers require drug tests and credit history as a part of background investigation.
Some employers require employees to execute noncompete agreements before beginning employment.
Some employers require employees to file complaints in writing.
Some employers require employees to read and sign job descriptions before beginning work.
Some employers require experience handling cash or working as a service station attendant.
Some employers require forklift certification.
Some employers require individuals to be certified.
Some employers require mandatory drug testing prior to employment.
Some employers require office experience.
Some employers require one in addition to the standard resume, cover letter and transcript.
Some employers require outcomes data.
Some employers require paper receipts for business travel expense reports.
Some employers require postsecondary training.
Some employers require product knowledge and sales experience.
Some employers require resumes in addition to a job application.
Some employers require students to include their scores with job applications.
Some employers require students to receive credit for the internship.
Some employers require students to receive credit in order to qualify for internships.
Some employers require that entry-level engineers receive certification as professional engineers.
Some employers require that property managers have additional credentials.
Some employers require that they be bonded.
Some employers require the applicant to take an aptitude test.
Some employers require the application as the first step in the selection process.
Some employers require the smaller card format or their own authorization forms.
Some employers require their employees to write their own descriptions.
Some employers require their engineers to pursue advanced degrees.
Some employers require their servicers to be bonded.
Some employers require transcripts as well as resumes for the pre-screening process.
Some employers require transcripts before or at the time of the interview.
Some employers require transcripts before or on the day of the interview.
Some employers require women workers to meet youthfulness or physical attractiveness standards.
Some employers resist hiring court-involved youth because they fear losing their customer base.
Some employers resort to quick fixes like paying bonuses for overtime work.
Some employers save thousands of dollars by taking workers comp claims into their own hands.
Some employers say they are more productive.
Some employers scan resume for key words that pertain to the position.
Some employers scan resumes into their data bases.
Some employers schedule on-campus interviews to discuss opportunities with students.
Some employers screen out potential interviewers by what they hear on the phone.
Some employers search their employees' clothing, purses, or desks at the workplace.
Some employers see dogs at work as a morale booster.
Some employers seek applicants with field experience, so a summer internship is often helpful.
Some employers seek applicants with field experience.
Some employers seek out employment firms to support part time, temporary, or remote work needs.
Some employers seek specific majors, while others are seeking all majors.
Some employers select employees in a particular job classification for layoffs.
Some employers send employment agreement letters.
Some employers simply generate more work than others.
Some employers simply purchase commercial insurance for their employees.
Some employers simply replace the glue-shop workers before symptoms appear.
Some employers sincerely care about their employees welfare and promptly correct problems.
Some employers specifically request non-occupational coverage only, which is of course available.
Some employers specify that they want students to have taken intermediate accounting.
Some employers sponsor training programs to help their workers become more productive.
Some employers state when the position is available in the additional information section.
Some employers still fail to see the benefit of hiring women.
Some employers still view older workers as frail, unmotivated and set in their ways, advocates say.
Some employers take advantage of irregular situations to avoid work contracts and withholding taxes.
Some employers tend to focus on the problem of worker-generated violence in the workplace.
Some employers test whether applicants can read and follow a bus schedule.
Some employers think personal web use has made their employees more efficient.
Some employers train only journey-level machinists or toolmakers.
Some employers try to cover damages caused by an employee by using a wage deduction.
Some employers try to get workers to enter into sham 'sub-contract' agreements.
Some employers try to prevent the workers from joining a union.
Some employers use assessment centres, or selected activities, in addition to standard interviews.
Some employers use encryption to protect the privacy of their employees' electronic mail.
Some employers use hybrids of the two systems.
Some employers use instant test kits that are similar in operation to a home pregnancy test.
Some employers use psychological and aptitude tests to aid in selecting applicants.
Some employers use temps as a way of finding reliable, competent staff.
Some employers use tests or other assessment tools as part of their screening process.
Some employers use the open sign-up procedure.
Some employers use the term dossier to refer to a placement file.
Some employers using arbitration make it mandatory for all workers.
Some employers waive college requirements when candidates have suitable work experience.
Some employers wish to control the lifestyles of employees outside the workplace.
Some employers wish to use the established PINs already assigned to employees.
Some employers wonder about hiring former military members.
Some employers wonder whether they are bound to take the action requested by a victim of harassment.
Employers liability is the second coverage that is a part of every workers compensation contract.
An employment agency is an agency
Employment agencies are agencies.
Employment agencies are also a typical source used by employers.
Employment agencies are another way to locate jobs.
Employment agencies are businesses that are paid when they find an employee to fill a position.
Employment agencies are good when a company needs to hire someone in a hurry.
Employment agencies are one possibility.
Employment agencies can also be useful.
Employment agencies Develop strong writing and speaking skills.
Employment agencies do receive good jobs.
Employment agencies fill jobs on behalf of their clients.
Employment Agencies Get in touch with employment agencies that specialize in forestry.
Employment agencies have a large abundance of potential career opportunities.
Employment agencies have a major role to play in the workplace.
Employment agencies have funds set aside for job-training programs.
Employment agencies offer some unique advantages.
Employment agencies operate in most towns.
Employment agencies report that the demand for temporary workers has been consistently high.
Employment agencies serve as intermediaries between employers and job seekers.
Employment agencies spend thousands of dollars each month for a beautiful downtown office.
Many employment agencies charge money for their service.
Many employment agencies have long-term positions and skills training available.
Most employment agencies handle jobs that are clerical or task oriented.
Most employment agencies work with temps, office help, labor etc.
Some employment agencies charge fees only to the employer.
Employment agreement is a contract
Employment agreement outlines the terms and conditions of employment.
Employment agreements are contracts for personal services.
Employment agreements are for a one year period.
Employment agreements including non-competition covenants also help keep the entrepreneur focused.
Employment Agreements Put the terms and conditions of an employment relationship in writing.
All employment agreements are one year in duration.
Many employment agreements address the issue of termination.
Employment application blanks always ask who is to be notified in case of an emergency.
Employment application blanks always ask who is to be notified in case of emergency.
Employment applications are available at all Park District facilities during operating hours.
Employment applications are available at any of our branch locations .
Employment applications are available at any one of our six locations throughout Trumbull County.
Employment applications are available at the front desk.
Employment applications are available at the store service counter.
Employment applications are available for each job classification.
Employment applications are available online in .pdf format.
Employment applications are under the Application Information and Forms headline.
Employment applications can be an effective tool in preventing workplace problems.
Employment applications follow the descriptions.
All employment applications go directly to the agencies.
Some employment applications require a short, handwritten self-evaluation or biographical sketch.
Employment benefits are subject to change.
Employment compensation is based on each nanny s unique experience and qualifications.
An employment contract is a contract
Employment contract is for three-quarter time, ten months per year.
Employment contract is renewable every year by judgement of research leaderes.
Employment contracts are contracts.
Employment contracts are for one or two years and often renewable.
Employment contracts are for two years and often renewable.
Employment contracts are no better because they simply create another set of win-lose dynamics.
Employment contracts are often contracts of adhesion.
Employment contracts are quite common in the entertainment, media, and retail industries.
Employment contracts can differ.
Employment contracts provide significant benefits to both employers and employees.
Employment contracts require mediation as a first step in resolving work place disputes.
All employment contracts are to be agreed directly between employer and student.
Many employment contracts provide for a consolidated wage and housing allowance.
Many employment contracts provide for arbitration of disputes.
Most employment contracts range from a one to three year term.
Employment counsellors advise employers on human resource and other employment-related issues.
Employment counsellors can expect to have increased demands for their services.
Employment counselors are also available for individual appointments.
Employment counselors help individuals make wise career decisions.
Employment counselors help minors make the transition from school to a job.
Employment counselors help people locate and apply for jobs.
Employment counselors staff the office about twice a month.
Most employment counselors work for state and local governments, which are often short of money.
Employment creation is a primary tool to support growth.
Employment creation is key to promoting workers' rights.
Employment creation remains the most effective route out of poverty.
Employment discrimination based on sexual orientation violates the central principle of fairness.
Employment discrimination claims.
Employment discrimination is a serious problem facing low-income women .
Employment discrimination is another concern.
Employment discrimination is examined in the broader context of workforce diversity.
Employment discrimination is hard to prove.
Employment equity enhances the competitive edge.
Employment equity is a factor in the selection process.
Employment equity is about making sure the opportunities are there for everybody.
Employment equity is about respecting differences.
Employment equity is essential to an egalitarian society.
Employment equity is mandatory in all government departments, crown corporations and agencies.
Employment equity is the foundation upon which diversity and inclusiveness can be built.
Employment equity levels the playing field for all workers.
Employment equity tries to eliminate all barriers to the designated groups in employment.
Employment growth depends on states.
An employment interview is an interview
Employment interviews are formal in Germany.
Employment interviews serve as the basis for almost every decision in the hiring process.
Employment law can be a procedural minefield.
Employment law can be a tricky thing.
Employment law encompasses a wide range of issues and concerns in the workplace.
Employment law gives employers latitude to set standards.
Employment law has a real human interest side, as well as being intellectually challenging.
Employment law is a complex and constantly changing area of the law.
Employment law is a complex area of law.
Employment law is a complex matter and the laws differ significantly from state to state.
Employment law is a fast-changing and complex area.
Employment law is a very complex area.
Employment law is a very special field.
Employment law is complex.
Employment law is dynamic .
Employment law is one of the fastest-developing areas of law.
Employment law is statutory and, as such, is subject to frequent amendment.
Employment law is the law which governs the relationship between employer and employees.
Employment law is very complicated and there are numerous pitfalls.
Employment law offers an opportunity to think about the nature of law in a different way.
Employment law tries to balance the interests of both parties, but it can get pretty complicated.
Employment law updates.
Employment laws continue to become more complex.
Employment laws provide rudimentary health and safety standards for the workplace.
Employment laws vary in different jurisdictions.
Employment laws vary significantly from state to state.
Some employment laws vary by state.
Employment legislation is very thorough and protects both employer and employee.
Employment rates are excellent.
Employment rates are more favorable for minorities.
Employment rates are much lower than the average among people from ethnic minority backgrounds.
Employment rates can be an even better indicator of the state of the economy in different areas.
Employment rates refer to women of working age.
Employment rates vary greatly between types of disability.
Employment references are acceptable if the applicant has had a substantial period of employment.
Employment references are acceptable if the applicant has had some years of full-time employment.
Employment references are former employers or direct supervisors.
Employment screening is a simple, cost-effective measure to prevent mishaps from occurring.
Employment screening promotes a safe and profitable workplace.
Employment sites work in different ways.
Some employment sites offer their services to both job candidates and employers for free.
Employment testing is only one step of the hiring process .
Employment Testing Is Our Specialty.
Employment tribunals cope very satisfactorily with awarding compensation and still remain informal.
Employment actually falls if unemployment benefits are taxed and price indexed.
Employment agreements Australian workplace agreements and contracts for service.
Employment allows a student to earn money to offset educational expenses.
Employment allows businesses to utilize their Web sites as a vehicle to attract job candidates.
Employment allows students to work and to earn money for educational needs.
Employment also exists within commercial companies in sales or within contract service agencies.
Employment also fall when depends on good economic conditions which boost construction activity.
Employment also goes up in export industries.
Employment are services such as job training and job placement that are free or low cost.
Employment based immigration is divided into five preference categories.
Employment based petition often take more than three years.
Employment based policies serve the function of spreading the costs among the healthy and the sick.
Employment Be a part of our exceptional staff.
Employment Become part of our team.
Employment begins after work authorization has been granted and certification issues are resolved.
Employment begins immediately after the completion of the training.
Employment begins immediately.
Employment begins to move to the suburbs.
Employment begins with a formal orientation process.
Employment brings respect.
Employment can also have an impact on single fathers and their concept of self-worth.
Employment can be a rewarding experience.
Employment can be a source of financial and psychological rewards or distress for employees.
Employment can be direct or on a subcontracting basis.
Employment can be for singles, couples and even groups.
Employment can be full or part time with staggered shifts to cover the entire day.
Employment can be on a part-time basis and an employee is able to take time off when desired.
Employment can be on campus or off campus of a participating employer.
Employment can be part-time or full time.
Employment can be seasonal and cyclical.
Employment can come from without.
Employment can contribute to productivity and happiness.
Employment can give an individual a great sense of pride and self-esteem.
Employment can have positive or negative effects on children.
Employment can range from a few months to continuing one to three years.
Employment changes at most other companies are fairly small.
Employment Check out our current job openings .
Employment Check the employment page for job openings and information about our internship program.
Employment classifieds and position-wanted ads for computer jobs around the country.
Employment classifieds by category.
Employment Classifieds Find jobs online from the Web's top employment sites.
Employment classifieds for college and university administrators and faculty.
Employment classifieds Online newpaper classifieds sections.
Employment classifieds right from the newspaper.
Employment classifieds searchable by category and keyword.
Employment Come join our winning team.
Employment comes as a result of knowledge.
Employment comes from fast-growth companies.
Employment continues through summer.
Employment continues through the last day of finals each semester.
Employment continues through the summer.
Employment continues to be a central concern throughout the survey.
Employment continues to edge forward even in a period of tight labor markets.
Employment continues to fall.
Employment continues to increase as it becomes recognized by professionals and clients.
Employment continues to increase as it is recognized by professionals and clients.
Employment contracts for services abroad.
Employment covers broadcasting and media, festivals, concerts, journalism, education and promotion.
Employment covers employees and self-employed.
Employment dates Include full time, part time, temporary, volunteer, and internship experiences.
Employment deals with problem solving, accomplishments and results.
Employment depends almost entirely on demonstrated competence.
Employment depends largely on the level of construction and remodeling activity.
Employment depends on contracts and fluctuates.
Employment depends on several factors, one being willingness to relocate.
Employment depends whether jobs are available.
Employment determines income, quality of life, and reflects education and empowerment.
Employment develops many necessary leadership and occupational skills.
Employment directories and company profiles.
Employment disputes Our work covers every aspect of employment law.
Employment enables recipients to work and earn money.
Employment ends when specific projects are completed.
Employment estimates .
Employment exists in a broad area of both local and domestic horticultural related businesses.
Employment extends to most areas of college activity.
Employment figures for the state of Texas and other helpful information.
Employment figures represent inspection field employees only.
Employment Fill out on application.
Employment Find a new job or new employee.
Employment Find out about our exciting and rewarding employement opportunities.
Employment Find that new job.
Employment fluctuates somewhat over the course of the year.
Employment fluctuates with the work load.
Employment gains through multiplier effects are typically grossly exaggerated.
Employment generally continues at high levels, with many Districts reporting labor shortages.
Employment Get a job, or find a new one.
Employment Get a job.
Employment Give a complete record of all employment and reasons for periods unemployed.
Employment gives workers self-esteem.
Employment gives workers with little education or experience an opportunity to cultivate new skills.
Employment guides from non-profit and proprietary sources and college career centers.
Employment has a very good comprehensive plan lead.
Employment has characteristics.
Employment has other impacts as well.
Employment Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Employment help incl.
Employment Help others get a job Be a virtual volunteer for an employment-related nonprofit.
Employment Here is a list of our current employment opportunities.
Employment here is as fun as possible for our employees.
Employment here is defined as the paid subset of work.
Employment here is paternal in nature.
Employment includes a comprehensive benefits package.
Employment includes accepting money or any other form of compensation for work or services.
Employment includes all employment and membership in professional and employee organizations.
Employment includes apprentices and workers of all kinds including the self employed.
Employment includes enviornmental engineers, nature and wetlands scientists, geologists, etc.
Employment includes hospitals, secondary healthcare facilities and industry.
Employment includes jobs, both on and off campus.
Employment includes payroll employees and proprietors.
Employment includes self employed persons, except for the UK where it related to employees only.
Employment includes workers involved in labor-management disputes.
Employment involves earning money either on or off campus during the academic year.
Employment involves providing a service for compensation on campus during the academic year.
Employment is a big problem in the cities of the South.
Employment is a comprehensive resource for researching and finding career information.
Employment is a contract, but it's also more than that.
Employment is a critical issue too.
Employment is a crucial area.
Employment is a job
Employment is a key ingredient in reducing recidivism.
Employment is a key issue in ensuring minority communities have a sustainable future.
Employment is a lagging indicator.
Employment is a local school district responsibility.
Employment is a losing battle.
Employment is a matter of common concern.
Employment is a profession which has few heroes, celebrations, or awards.
Employment is a source of many issues for people with hearing loss.
Employment is actions.
Employment is adequate and public services are abundant.
Employment is aid based on an hourly rate for work performed.
Employment is also a good time to begin a portfolio of reference letters.
Employment is also an important contributor to individual and community health and well being.
Employment is also an option.
Employment is also available by contracting.
Employment is also available during summer and semester break.
Employment is also available in a number of related technical fields that draw heavily on physics.
Employment is also available in tooling in small to medium sized tool and die companies.
Employment is also dependent upon a satisfactory fingerprint check and tuberculosis examination.
Employment is also depends on good economic conditions which boost construction activity.
Employment is also diverse.
Employment is also heavily concentrated in Manufacturing to the U.S. regional averages.
Employment is also obtainable which increases a person's earning potential and quality of life.
Employment is also obtainable, increasing a person's earning potential and quality of life.
Employment is also part of an urban village.
Employment is also related to the area of engineering.
Employment is also widespread amongst women with young children.
Employment is always important to think about.
Employment is an entree into society.
Employment is an especially pressing consideration.
Employment is an important but secondary consideration.
Employment is an important element of raising living standards for Chinese citizens.
Employment is an important focus of clubhouse programs.
Employment is an important goal for most individuals, with or without a disability.
Employment is an integral part of the educational process.
Employment is an on-going relationship and requires constant adjustment on all sides.
Employment is an ongoing relationship.
Employment is another changing aspect of retirement.
Employment is another concern.
Employment is another way students can get additional money.
Employment is at a near-record high.
Employment is at an all time high.
Employment is at record high levels and crime is down.
Employment is at record levels and inflation is the lowest in Europe.
Employment is at record levels and rising, and incomes are rising throughout the country.
Employment is authorized for a specific job only.
Employment is authorized.
Employment is available both on and off campus.
Employment is available during periods of enrollment.
Employment is available for UCSD students during the fall, winter, spring, and summer quarters.
Employment is available in allied fields such as sales representatives or product technicians.
Employment is available in beauty salons and related businesses.
Employment is available in beauty salons, and related businesses.
Employment is available in related industries.
Employment is available in the form of teaching and research assistantships.
Employment is available in the trucking, construction, grading, and paving industries.
Employment is available on campus or at participating off campus agencies.
Employment is available on campus or off campus as a reading tutor in a local elementary school.
Employment is available.
Employment is based on any work done for an hour during the reference week.
Employment is based on assessment and interests of the students.
Employment is based on scheduling needs and compensation is per unit.
Employment is based on the location of the employer.
Employment is by place of work.
Employment is by written agreement which spells out the job, the rates and expectations.
Employment is central to keeping homes and families together.
Employment is central to social status, one of the most powerful predictors of health outcomes.
Employment is certainly one.
Employment is characterized by placement of one person with one job.
Employment is conditional upon a satisfactory background investigation.
Employment is conditional upon satisfactory reports from background check and drug testing.
Employment is conditional upon the applicant's receiving a negative drug test result.
Employment is contigent upon proof of the legal right to work in the United States.
Employment is contingent on authorization of the suitability of the applicant for the position.
Employment is contingent on categorical funding.
Employment is contingent on course enrollment and budget.
Employment is contingent on meeting the medical standards of the position.
Employment is contingent on passing a company paid drug test.
Employment is contingent on proof of eligibility to work in the United States.
Employment is contingent on proof of the legal right to work in the United States.
Employment is contingent on satisfactory completion of a physical examination.
Employment is contingent on the applicant successfully passing the drug screen.
Employment is contingent on the employee passing a pre-camp physical exam.
Employment is contingent upon a criminal background investigation for the selected applicant.
Employment is contingent upon a negative result on a pre-employment drug test.
Employment is contingent upon a negative test result.
Employment is contingent upon a positive recommendation from our physician.
Employment is contingent upon a successful background investigation .
Employment is contingent upon a successful background investigation.
Employment is contingent upon a successful completion of a criminal record check.
Employment is contingent upon acceptable results of the inquiry.
Employment is contingent upon certification of legal driving status in Washington State.
Employment is contingent upon completion of a post-job offer physical exam. .
Employment is contingent upon completion of successful background check.
Employment is contingent upon confirmed student enrollment.
Employment is contingent upon course enrollment and budget.
Employment is contingent upon eligibility to work in the United States.
Employment is contingent upon funding.
Employment is contingent upon meeting above minimum qualifications.
Employment is contingent upon meeting the above minimum qualifications.
Employment is contingent upon our meeting expectations for our enrollment.
Employment is contingent upon passing a pre-employment drug test.
Employment is contingent upon passing the drug screening.
Employment is contingent upon proof of eligibility to work in the United States.
Employment is contingent upon proof of legal right to work in the United States.
Employment is contingent upon proof of the legal right to work in the United States.
Employment is contingent upon successful background investigation.
Employment is contingent upon successful background verification.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a criminal record check.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a drug screen and background investigation.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a drug screen.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of criminal background check.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of pre-employment drug screening.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of records check.
Employment is contingent upon sufficient student enrollment.
Employment is contingent upon the final results of the background investigation.
Employment is contingent upon the information received from both state and national checks.
Employment is contingent upon the information received from both the state and national checks.
Employment is created.
Employment is critical for economic and social independence for persons with disabilities.
Employment is currently available at a number of upstate New York thoroughbred farms.
Employment is currently small, and employment growth has been negative.
Employment is defined as the provision of services, with or without pay.
Employment is dependent on satisfactory completion of a drug screen.
Employment is determined by labor productivity, output, and the length of the work year.
Employment is distributed by work site.
Employment is distributed geographically much the same as the population.
Employment is distributed geographically, much the same as the population.
Employment is distributed in much the same way as the population.
Employment is dominated by knowledge work.
Employment is during the summer, normally for three months.
Employment is either full or part time, depending on the needs of the student and the employer.
Employment is encouraged and rewarded through work incentives.
Employment is essential for the resident who is capable of working.
Employment is essential.
Employment is essentially a chaotic process, as in many creative environments.
Employment is essentially freelance and precarious.
Employment is essentially subject to order and discipline, as in many bureaucratic environments.
Employment is for one year, with the possibility of extension.
Employment is forecast for the following sectors.
Employment is found as trainee assistant designers, quality controllers and technologists.
Employment is found in both the public and private sectors.
Employment is found in government, the private sector, and nonprofit organizations.
Employment is found in government, the private sector, universities and nonprofit organizations.
Employment is found in hospitals, clinics, private offices and industry.
Employment is found in hospitals, nursing homes, and in-home health care environments.
Employment is found wherever residential, commercial or industrial equipment is used.
Employment is full time with generous salary plus benefits package.
Employment is generally contingent upon the needs of the local industry.
Employment is generally difficult to find, even more so in the arts.
Employment is generally in heavy industry in metropolitan areas.
Employment is generally level.
Employment is generally well supervised.
Employment is given to four skilled mechanics and prompt service is afforded all.
Employment is high and offers a broad range of opportunities.
Employment is high by comparison with other countries.
Employment is high, masking for the moment the rot beneath.
Employment is high, salaries are up and the industry is making money.
Employment is high.
Employment is highly seasonal with unemployment rates lowest during summer.
Employment is highly seasonal.
Employment is immediate.
Employment is important for distribution for two reasons.
Employment is in agriculture and mining.
Employment is in agriculture, mainly tea and cotton.
Employment is in agriculture, oil, mining, rubber and food processing.
Employment is in mining and subsistence farming.
Employment is in oil and natural gas, steel and agriculture, nearly all of which is on Trinidad.
Employment is in oil, palm oil, cocoa, bananas, pineapples and rubber.
Employment is in professional offices, education, government, businesses, and industries.
Employment is in subsistence farming, cash crops and iron ore.
Employment is in television and radio stations, production houses, and in various allied fields.
Employment is in the thrall of cultural differences as much as any other part of society.
Employment is insecure and employers often fail to sign labour contracts.
Employment is just a click away.
Employment is just one part of adult living.
Employment is just one way the agency is working to reach out to diverse communities and people.
Employment is limited to jobs located on campus.
Employment is limited to the jobs available.
Employment is limited, with regards to hours, as above.
Employment is lowest for people with mobility impairments.
Employment is mainly full-time.
Employment is mainly in agriculture.
Employment is mainly in tourism, with some agriculture, fishing and industry.
Employment is matched with skills and interests.
Employment is measured at the end of the reference quarter.
Employment is measured by place of residence.
Employment is measured on the last day of the month.
Employment is moderately seasonal.
Employment is monitored and the work force has expanded from three to over eighty.
Employment is more difficult to determine.
Employment is more diversified, including manufacturing, farming, and timber related industries.
Employment is more important than heritage.
Employment is more than a job.
Employment is most concentrated in restaurants, groceries, institutions, and hospitals.
Employment is most people's link to security.
Employment is much higher than elsewhere in agriculture where productivity is very low.
Employment is no different, and most churches acknowledge that.
Employment is no longer just a right, but a necessity for both single and married women.
Employment is no longer secure, nor are incomes.
Employment is now a matter of common concern.
Employment is occupations.
Employment is off campus and in some cases within walking distance.
Employment is off campus and in within walking distance.
Employment is off campus.
Employment is often available thereafter in library work or research.
Employment is often cyclical.
Employment is often determined on the basis of actual interviews with prospective employers.
Employment is often very difficult and can be too demanding.
Employment is on a conditional basis pending completion of a state and national background check.
Employment is on a first-come first served basis.
Employment is on an hourly basis and includes no fringe or leave benefits.
Employment is on campus.
Employment is one of the fields in which it aims to achieve that goal.
Employment is one of the most complicated areas of business.
Employment is one way to earn money for graduate school expenses.
Employment is one.
Employment is only a nice thing to have.
Employment is otherwise subject to current rule and regulations.
Employment is permitted only during the validity dates of the approved petition.
Employment is position, employer, and date specific.
Employment is possible after completion of certain courses.
Employment is possible in state and federal agencies, with limited positions in private industry.
Employment is primarily by industry, rather than academia or government.
Employment is primarily industrial, medical, and service related.
Employment is primarily with government agencies at the local, county, state or federal level.
Employment is probationary until the qualification requirements are fulfilled.
Employment is projected to grow faster than average.
Employment is projected to grow in offices of health practitioners.
Employment is projected to grow much faster than average.
Employment is projected to recover after short term job losses.
Employment is protected by a collective agreement excluding dismissal for economic reasons.
Employment is rated high on the coolness scale, low on the burnout scale.
Employment is readily available.
Employment is relationship between employer and employees.
Employment is reported to be either increasing moderately or holding steady.
Employment is reported to be either steady or increasing in line with sales.
Employment is reported to be holding steady on a same-store basis.
Employment is required as well as continued education or job training.
Employment is restricted.
Employment is rewarded through simplified work incentives.
Employment is rounded to nearest hundred.
Employment is said to be either increasing moderately or holding steady.
Employment is said to be either increasing or holding steady.
Employment is said to be holding steady.
Employment is scarce.
Employment is seasonal due to construction slowdowns, the economy, and weather conditions.
Employment is secured on merit.
Employment is selected by random.
Employment is spread across Canada, with highest concentrations in larger urban areas.
Employment is states.
Employment is still high.
Employment is strong and the cost of living is very reasonable.
Employment is subject to a criminal history check which takes four to six weeks.
Employment is subject to a criminal records check and possible fingerprinting.
Employment is subject to drug testing by urinalysis.
Employment is subject to the successful completion of a one-year probationary period.
Employment is supported rather than penalized.
Employment is the area where all forms and grounds of discrimination exist.
Employment is the area where all forms of discrimination exist.
Employment is the best way of tackling poverty.
Employment is the key.
Employment is the largest single source of income for American families with poor children.
Employment is the leading source of health insurance coverage.
Employment is the main goal.
Employment is the main source of income.
Employment is the most basic link between social and economic development.
Employment is the most cited reason for school completion.
Employment is the most common and frequently encountered scenario.
Employment is the opportunity to earn money that the student can apply to their college cost.
Employment is the principal source of income for most people.
Employment is the raison d etre for the vast majority of men.
Employment is the second way of becoming a permanent resident.
Employment is the sine qua non, the indispensable condition, of vocational rehabilitation.
Employment is to be effective as soon as possible following completion of the selection process.
Employment is to be found with environmental firms who clean up and monitor pollution problems.
Employment is ultimately the responsibility of the government.
Employment is uncertain and poorly paid.
Employment is uncertain.
Employment is unrestricted except in a few instances where citizenship is required.
Employment is up and so are new company starts.
Employment is up and so are wages.
Employment is up substantially from a year ago and job gains appear to be accelerating.
Employment is up to seven and sales are increasing.
Employment is up, and more opportunities are available everyday.
Employment is up, population growth and commuter traffic are up.
Employment is up.
Employment is used to fund college expenses.
Employment is usually off-campus, and there is no charge to the student or the employer.
Employment is varied, steady and strong.
Employment is very hard to find in the area.
Employment is very high and the wages are good.
Employment is very stable with very little seasonal variation.
Employment is vital to family economic security.
Employment is way up, at all levels.
Employment is way up.
Employment is widespread across both private and governmental organizations.
Employment is work in exchange for money or other compensation.
Employment is work, in exchange for money or other compensation.
Employment is yet another concern.
Employment isa state.
Employment keeps businesses from expanding and hiring people who are out of work.
Employment largely depends on overall economic conditions.
Employment Learn how to become employed on campus in a wide variety of jobs.
Employment link for the field of education.
Employment listings at large companies.
Employment listings for affiliated organizations.
Employment listings for CPAs at all levels of their careers.
Employment listings for every career level.
Employment listings for jobseekers and human resource professionals.
Employment lists current job oppurtunities with our company.
Employment lists other Internet and print resources for finding jobs in environmental education.
Employment Lists recent openings and federal pay grade for each.
Employment means permanent fulltime work by an employee for an employer other than oneself.
Employment means pride, dignity and independence being empowered to achieve one s maximum potential.
Employment offer ads without a guaranteed wage or salary statement.
Employment Offers and placements.
Employment offers are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, including drug testing.
Employment offers are contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation.
Employment offers are subject to a drug test, physical, and background investigation .
Employment offers The summer associate program is designed to fill the bulk of our hiring needs.
Employment offers vary by region, company, and amount of experience.
Employment offers worldwide.
Employment Only submit sites devoted to employment of positions within the insurance industry.
Employment only works when a worker is producing more value than the worker is paid.
Employment opportunities A wide range of employment opportunities is available to graduates.
Employment opportunities off campus are also available through community service employment.
Employment plays a central role in raising of average living standards.
Employment practices decisions.
Employment practices legal actions often require a quick response.
Employment practices liability coverage is included.
Employment practices liability insurance.
Employment practices liability is the hottest product for the next year.
Employment practices with entry-level workers.
Employment promotes empowerment and choice.
Employment prospects Employment prospects are excellent in the early childhood fields.
Employment provides stability, livelihood, and meaning in an individual's life.
Employment provides wages for part-time employees.
Employment qualifies the employee for the following benefits.
Employment queries Visit our recruitment section for further details.
Employment ranges across a wide spectrum of organisations and employment sectors.
Employment ranges from internships to full-time professionals.
Employment really is the key to freedom in our lives.
Employment records assistant.
Employment records for school employees who are also current or former students.
Employment references with telephone numbers and drug screening required.
Employment refers to domestic rather than national employment.
Employment refers to positions that require a wildlife and fisheries education background.
Employment register A free recruitment service for members looking for temporary posts.
Employment Related Claims Claims for wrongful termination are the most frequent type of claim.
Employment related services include job readiness activities and job placement.
Employment relationships in today's environment are partnerships .
Employment remains healthy.
Employment remains high in the Treasure Valley.
Employment remains strong.
Employment remains the leading source of health insurance coverage.
Employment remains the worry number one.
Employment remains unacceptably high, but it is starting to subside.
Employment reports on gender and ethnicity.
Employment represents a simple measure of labour demand.
Employment Resources Our own page for the uninitiated.
Employment rises more in non-gold.
Employment says a lot about a community.
Employment See our enormous collection of ads in the following categories.
Employment see post Companies looking for new employees post their listing here.
Employment See what job openings are currently available on campus.
Employment seems favorable over the next two to five years.
Employment seems more important than public safety.
Employment seems to be a functional activity especially vulnerable to the effects of aging.
Employment seems to be picking up in all sectors and employee turnover is increasing.
Employment skills goals.
Employment skills portfolios.
Employment stands at the highest levels in the history of our Nation.
Employment stops at the end of each engagement.
Employment strikes, bad weather, and petrol shortages make getting to work neigh on impossible.
Employment Suggest a website to the directory.
Employment supports directives have blue tabs.
Employment Take a moment to sign our guest book.
Employment tends to have a major impact on real disposable income growth.
Employment then contacts Benefits for calculations of allowable service.
Employment typically is in a high technology company in the area of research and development.
Employment varies between three and seven persons.
Employment varies depending on the project.
Employment varies from positions in business and government to jobs in planning and education.
Employment varies from the one man self-employed electrician to firms employing hundreds.
Employment View a list of our affiliates web sites.
Employments are subject to approval by the commissioners court.
Employment always is a phenomenon of productivity and cost.
Employment often provides no relief from homelessness.
Employment usually requires a master of Ph.D. degree.
All employment is contingent upon a review and verification of such documents.
All employment is contingent upon passing a pre-employment drug test.
All employment is continued on that basis.
All employment is for current Fiscal Year only.
All employment is subject to a student's financial aid eligibility and availability of positions.
All employment is subject to review by the administration.
All employment is undertaken after consultation with, and approval from, the major adviser.
All employment offers are contingent on the results of physical assessment and drug testing results.
All employment offers are contingent upon successful completion of a drug screen.
All employment offers are contingent upon successful completion of our pre-employment drug test.
All employment offers are subject to successful completion of substance screening.
All employment passes are valid for the period of time as approved for the post.
Any employment invalidates a person's claim to incapacity.
More employment leads to more consumer spending, further business activity, and still more jobs.
Most employment has characteristics.
Most employment is in downtown or in industrial areas located near the railroad.
Most employment is in smaller businesses which range across a broad spectrum of industries.
Most employment is in the manufacturing and retail trade.
Most employment is on the periphery of the town, clearly separated from the town's neighborhoods.
Most employment is out of the community.
Most employment is service jobs with minimum wages.
Most employment is through the school, clinic, post office, store and village council.
Most employment therefore is in the service and retail fields.
Some employment increases resistance.
Some employment is offered by the local school.
Some employment provides evidence.
Empowered employees are able to respond quicker to the needs of the marketplace and to customers.
Empowered employees are more motivated to take action.
Empowered individuals are more positive, more confident and more effective.
Empowered individuals are more positive, more confident, and more effective.
Empowered students are enthusiastic learners with a positive attitude and sense of pride.
Empowered students learn to take initiative in their own learning process.
Empowered workers have a stake in the success of their firms.
Empowered youth are unlikely to choose early parenthood or to fail to protect themselves.
Empowerment evaluation has three steps.
Empowerment evaluation is given a nod but is quickly integrated.
Empowerment of women comes from dreams and passion.
Empowerment of women is thus an achievable and effective goal in itself.
Empowerment zones are like a car without a motor.
Empowerment acknowledges employee skills and demonstrates management's trust in employees.
Empowerment allows individuals to share knowledge, experience and ideas.
Empowerment allows students to adapt the acquisition of concepts and data to their learning style.
Empowerment also occurs at various levels, such as individual, group, and community.
Empowerment becomes possible with information technology.
Empowerment becomes the chief cornerstone of policies that enhance resiliency.
Empowerment can cause motivation and spirit for group workn process efficiently.
Empowerment can do wonderful things.
Empowerment can never entail suppression.
Empowerment can only come from knowledge.
Empowerment combines hope, excitement and energy to influence our professional practice.
Empowerment comes from knowledge, networking and support .
Empowerment comes from their ability to understand.
Empowerment comes from true freedom.
Empowerment comes from visualizing and experiencing the music, the spectacle, dance.
Empowerment comes from within a woman.
Empowerment comes through particiaption.
Empowerment comes with access to public transportation.
Empowerment comes, in part, from control over satisfaction of basic human needs.
Empowerment completes the set of leadership skills.
Empowerment Continue to increase staff input into the decision making process.
Empowerment directly impacts on the development of independent judgment skills.
Empowerment embodies vertical teamwork between managerial and non-managerial personnel.
Empowerment enhances that ability.
Empowerment entails a more fundamental change than mere delegation.
Empowerment evolves as an outcome from a range of carefully planned and synchronised processes.
Empowerment facilitates full participation of all cultural groups in today's schools and society.
Empowerment facilitates transformation and transformation never occurs in a vacuum.
Empowerment flows from motivation for learning.
Empowerment flows from relationship.
Empowerment follows from believing in oneself, in one s family, in one s heritage.
Empowerment fosters feelings of confidence and also provides opportunities for self-growth.
Empowerment fulfills dreams.
Empowerment gives others the autonomy and confidence to act independently.
Empowerment goes a long way in the journey of survival.
Empowerment goes both ways.
Empowerment happens while people interact in ways of mutual respect, tolerance and social support.
Empowerment has a healthy, positive ring to it.
Empowerment has a rippling effect.
Empowerment helps build confidence and aids in relationship management.
Empowerment includes capacity building and strengthening in various dimensions.
Empowerment increases ownership of outcomes, and reduces the burden on management.
Empowerment involves an approach to programming rather than applying simple techniques.
Empowerment involves delegation.
Empowerment involves shifting responsibility to employees further 'down' the management hierarchy.
Empowerment is a central theme associated with the Study Circle process.
Empowerment is a choice.
Empowerment is a concern because of time, cost and lack of funding for staff time.
Empowerment is a contagious thing.
Empowerment is a fourth component to leadership.
Empowerment is a giving of power that also provides for underpinning and support.
Empowerment is a heady experience quickly tempered by the reality of responsibility.
Empowerment is a hollow promise, though, without education and economic growth.
Empowerment is a key feature of the harm reduction approach.
Empowerment is a logical strategic goal for nurses' professional development.
Empowerment is a lot like costs or profit.
Empowerment is a natural extension of employee involvement.
Empowerment is a powerful motivational tool.
Empowerment is a powerful tool of leaders.
Empowerment is a privilege to be revoked at the least excuse.
Empowerment is a process that challenges our assumptions about the way things are and can be.
Empowerment is a socio-political concept and it goes beyond political participation.
Empowerment is a struggle even within families.
Empowerment is a term that means different things to different people.
Empowerment is a vague expression.
Empowerment is a very important part of our orientation.
Empowerment is a very strong word.
Empowerment is about being able to change things.
Empowerment is about government being the people s servant.
Empowerment is about power, which can be defined as the ability to get intended effects.
Empowerment is also a key aspect in providing motivation and direction to others.
Empowerment is also women's overdue reward for filling the planet with humans.
Empowerment is an essential process for women's advancement.
Empowerment is an important condition, but empowerment without focus is anarchy.
Empowerment is an important metaphor for leadership.
Empowerment is an overused and under-practiced term.
Empowerment is an overused word and an underused process.
Empowerment is authority that is given with the ability to choose where to spend productive time.
Empowerment is awesome .
Empowerment is critical to making and keeping the agreements essential to effective IPTs.
Empowerment is critical.
Empowerment is defined as the means to enable and the ability to make possible a change.
Empowerment is emphasized.
Empowerment is freely available only to the biggest of the big dogs.
Empowerment is how respect is implemented within the framework of a software company.
Empowerment is just another word and nothing else.
Empowerment is key.
Empowerment is management
Empowerment is multi-dimensional, social, and a process.
Empowerment is now a widely-used sociological term.
Empowerment is on the move.
Empowerment is one of the greatest gifts to give oneself.
Empowerment is one of the key ingredients to getting more done with fewer resources.
Empowerment is one of the keys to institutionalization.
Empowerment is positive.
Empowerment is real.
Empowerment is shared to the fullest.
Empowerment is simply a new, different, and effective way of working together.
Empowerment is the act of shifting authority and responsibility for work.
Empowerment is the aim of social interaction in the context of public health.
Empowerment is the bottom line.
Empowerment is the buzzword of the week.
Empowerment is the goal of a good self-defense program.
Empowerment is the goal.
Empowerment is the hallmark of a town hall meeting.
Empowerment is the instrument of change.
Empowerment is the issue.
Empowerment is the key to motivation.
Empowerment is the key.
Empowerment is the preferred salve for society's wrinkles.
Empowerment is the process of authorizing the union of the angelic and human together.
Empowerment is the right thing to do, but the wrong people are being empowered.
Empowerment is the transforming and liberating character of participation.
Empowerment is the word, and it is an idea whose time has come.
Empowerment is the word.
Empowerment is too often synonymous with abdication by management.
Empowerment is useful treatment.
Empowerment is useless and meaningless without purpose.
Empowerment lifts the able.
Empowerment Listen to the human story that accompanies the blood pressure screening.
Empowerment means authorizing and enabling workers to do their jobs.
Empowerment means choices.
Empowerment means clear and shared goals.
Empowerment means decision making at lowest level of organization is supported.
Empowerment means empowering parties to define issues and to seek solutions on their own.
Empowerment means giving people responsibility and support to actualize that responsibility.
Empowerment means helping someone regain a sense of being in charge.
Empowerment means independence.
Empowerment means little or nothing without guidelines for using power.
Empowerment means more authority.
Empowerment means permitting employees to make choices and decisions as they deem appropriate.
Empowerment means proper use and nurturing of needed core competencies.
Empowerment means that every person has a voice and a responsibility.
Empowerment occurs when individuals or groups have opportunities and authority to take action.
Empowerment requires competence, sharing of information and ongoing learning.
Empowerment requires mentoring.
Empowerment scares regulators and politicians.
Empowerment seems inconsistent with the mediator's impartial role.
Empowerment sows seeds of social unrest.
Empowerment starts with an articulated mission and specific objectives at the unit level.
Empowerment stems from open free technology.
Empowerment takes many forms.
Empowerment takes more than a minute.
Empowerment Takes More than a Minute.
Empowerment therefore involves notions of employee involvement in decision making.
Empowerment works in nature.
Empowerment works with people.
Empowerment Always take the risk.
Empowerment often begins by involving participants in the design and management of the program.
Much empowerment takes place in the home.
An empress is an emperor
Empress allows data to be fully distributed across the network.
Empress dynamically allocates space when storing bulk data.
Empress has a large and complex product line.
Empress has offices all around the Beltway, the region and maybe the planet.
Empress has two ships sailing in our area.
Empress is a pressure-molded ceramic that was prepared from a wax pattern.
Empress jumps off the top rope and hits the opponent with a spinning wheel kick.
Empress offers a wide variety of data types.
Empress uses a two-phase commit to prevent damage from an interrupted transaction.
Empresses are emperors.
Empresses are monarchs.
Emptiness causes fear and confusion.
Emptiness does have power.
Emptiness gives birth to form.
Emptiness is a condition
Emptiness is conditions.
Emptiness is connection.
Emptiness is created by forms.
Emptiness is form.
Emptiness Is Form.
Emptiness is hunger.
Emptiness is located in space.
Emptiness reaches out to emptiness, tearing through flesh and illusion alike between.
Emptiness refers to the ultimate nature of all things.
Empty argument is interpreted as null value.
All empty arrays are the same.
Empty bait buckets on land before leaving the waterbody.
Empty bait buckets on land.
Empty bait buckets on shore.
Empty bars crop up all over the place in the course of editing.
Empty barges present their own problems.
Empty barrels make the most noise.
Empty barrels rattle the loudest.
Empty barrels stand near the counter.
Some empty battens are available for scenic use.
Empty beaches are plentiful and wildlife abounds.
Empty beauty is just empty in the end.
Empty bottles can serve as containers for beverages obtained from the dining hall.
Empty bottles roll along dismal streeets, and ulcered gums lose blackened teeth.
Empty boxes can make sounds louder.
Empty boxes indicate dates that are available.
Empty boxes make excellent miniature hothouses.
Empty boxes perform double duties.
Empty boxes perform duties.
Empty boxs are located in garages.
Most empty boxes perform double duties.
Most empty boxes perform duties.
Empty branches become affluent.
Empty buckets nest easily for storage.
Empty buildings are eyesores in the community, regardless of the reason for the vacancy.
Empty buildings dot both sides of the street.
Empty bullets indicate a link that is coming soon.
Empty buses pass by bus stops where people wait and wait.
Empty busses have more traction.
Empty calories can contribute to being malnourished or overweight.
Empty calories do nothing positive for the body.
Empty calories tend to backfire.
Empty cans are great little organizers in the home and the workshop.
Empty cans are located in trash.
Empty cans buried up to the lip and partially filled with beer can be effective slug traps.
Empty cans can go in the garbage.
Empty cans slide across the cockpit.
Empty carts fold for convenient, space saving storage.
Empty cartridges are also available.
Empty categories access their antecedent during comprehension.
Empty categories access their antecedents during comprehension.
Empty cells are acceptable in a table.
Empty cells provide space for new sties to be added.
Empty cells represent no data for analysis.
Empty chairs create a bad impression.
Empty circles represent our photometric data.
Empty classrooms are also available.
Empty classrooms are also good possibilities.
Empty Commands Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Empty compartment holds transmitter board.
Empty compliments can hurt.
Empty constructor creates a sequence with zero rules.
Empty constructor creates zero-length list of alternatives.
Empty constructor sets the rule and tag to null .
Empty constructor sets token text to null .
Empty container is hazardous.
Empty container retains vapour and product residue.
Empty containers are as readily available as clear perfume or wine bottles.
Empty containers can be back-hauled to suppliers to close the distribution loop.
Empty containers can be hazardous if store toxic, flammable, or reactive materials.
Empty containers can be hazardous since they often hold residues that can burn or explode.
Empty containers can contain flammable vapors.
Empty containers can have residues and mists and are subject to proper wasate disposal as above.
Empty containers can have residues, gases and mists and are subject to proper waste disposal.
Empty containers can have residues, gases, and mists, and are subject to disposal laws.
Empty containers can have residues, gases, and mists, and are subject to proper disposal.
Empty containers can have residues, gases, and mists, and are subject to proper waste disposal.
Empty containers can have residues, gasses, and mists, and are subject to proper waste disposal.
Empty containers contain residue.
Empty containers offer ideal transportation opportunities for stowaways.
Empty containers retain material residue.
Some empty containers hold water.
Empty contrition is an abomination.
Empty creativity is a problem in public relations as much as in advertising.
Empty cubicles await new workers, some of whom already are in training.
Empty cylinders are to be picked up at the time of each regular delivery.
Empty element indicates that an element is empty.
Empty elements get their value from their attributes.
Empty elements have no end tag.
Empty elements have only a start tag and have no content.
Empty elements have to use the correct syntax.
Empty elements require either an end tag or a termination.
Empty entries indicate error.
Empty fields are empty like that.
Empty fields are skipped.
Empty fields match all values.
Empty fields produce a comma on output, so it is possible to have several commas in a row.
Empty fields represent components for which there exist no data.
Empty fifths flow futilely along.
Empty flowerpots hang from a ceiling mottled with peeling, yellowed paint.
Empty folder is created when logon denied.
Empty folders take up relatively little space, but it can add up.
Empty follicle changes into corpus luteum.
Empty footsteps fill the hall within trudging on over and over again.
Empty hands can receive as well as give.
Empty heads have long tongues.
Empty homes create opportunities for claims.
Empty hours can lead to inappropriate exploration.
Empty hours can lead to unhealthy explorations.
Empty houses are attractive to squatters or thieves.
Empty houses are everywhere.
Empty Houses Do.
Empty houses have doors.
Empty houses have front doors.
Empty houses meet the eye on every side, and desolation reigns supreme.
Most empty houses have doors.
Most empty houses have front doors.
Empty housing is hard to find throughout Minnesota, except for a few counties in northern Minnesota.
Empty input is a valid test case.
Empty land is rare and goes for premium prices.
All empty legs are subject to change.
Empty line ends the record.
Empty lines indicate paragraph break.
Empty lines mark the end of one graph and the beginning of the next.
Empty lists are invalid.
Empty lists are lists.
Empty location indicates plot directly to terminal.
Empty lots are available.
Empty lots are sure targets for new development in desirable areas.
Empty lots dot their street where homes once stood.
Empty lots serve as reminders of neighbors or businesses that moved away.
Empty mailboxes are a sad sight.
Empty mailboxes are now correctly visible in the open mailbox dialog box.
Empty Matrices Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Empty messages dilute the quality of information offered here.
Empty miles are a fact of life for freight carriers.
An empty nester is a parent
Empty nesters can scale down, while young families can buy their first home.
Empty nesters remain an important though small segment of the market.
Empty nits are white in appearance.
Empty number is valid.
Empty objects show up as normal text, rather than boldface.
Empty pails indicate delayed satisfaction.
Empty pockets are an acceptable part of the deal and an incentive to stop spending.
Empty pockets make empty heads.
Empty prayer is like sounding brass or tinkling cymbal.
Empty prefixes are illegal.
Empty pride is a symptom of mental sickness.
Empty products are no longer a hazardous waste and can be disposed of normally.
Empty promises are evident.
Empty promises are likely.
Empty promises regarding financial matters are evident.
Empty property is a consequence rather than a cause of low demand.
Empty purse makes slow purchase.
Empty rooms show every flaw.
Empty search returns the entire list.
Empty seats are a rarity for most plays.
Empty seats are available in the courtroom and there is no line to get inside.
Empty seats do no justice to such exciting matches.
Empty seats equal empty minds.
Empty seats have no aesthetic value.
Empty seats have no artistic value.
Empty sections are valid.
Empty sermons produce empty professions.
Empty shelves are bad shelves.
Empty shells are a valuable part of the ecosystem, and they get recycled many times.
Empty slogans dominate politics.
Empty slots occur to the right of the peak, collisions to the left.
Empty space adds impact.
Empty space contains more energy than any being, or the aggregate of all beings.
Empty space creates an empty feeling.
Empty space is a terrible thing to waste.
Empty space is empty like that.
Empty space is essential to balance the amount of information on a page.
Empty space is illusory and perhaps the clearest example of the possibilities inherent in creation.
Empty space is in itself a primordial substance and shares in the nature of divinity.
Empty space is located in beds.
Empty space is represented in the display by white space.
Empty space is the solid.
Empty space takes on the color of jewels.
Empty spaces allow air leakage, quickly reducing the effective R-value.
Empty spaces appear where plants have gone dormant or died.
Empty spaces are available almost always for student parking, particularly in the large lots.
Empty spaces are bad.
Empty spaces are white.
Empty spaces can also include vacant lands.
Any empty space is inked in with stems.
Empty spoons hang at our waists and necks.
Empty spots are most likely to be found near the top of the structure.
Empty stomachs lead to new governments.
Some empty stomachs cause diarrhea.
Some empty stomachs fill with blood.
Empty stores abound and are a testament to the strictly enforced parking regulations.
Empty stores are a hard sell Retail behemoths leave behind acres of useless space for towns.
Empty storefronts give way to sidewalks that are uncommonly quiet, even for a small town artery.
Empty storefronts mean depressed commercial property values.
Empty streets are dangerous.
Empty strings are significant.
Empty systems have no defending forces.
Empty tags get a terminating slash.
Empty tags use the special XML syntax .
Every empty tag has a slash at the end.
Empty taxi display a red light inside the windscreen on the passenger's side.
Empty taxis cruise the narrow streets, past stores that are selling little.
Empty threats are a loss of control.
Empty threats are poor policy tools.
Empty threats do nothing for the parent or the child.
Empty threats have no power.
Empty tissue boxes perform double duties.
Empty tissue boxes perform duties.
Empty tradition is far different from tradition based in fact.
Empty trails offer hassle free riding with no long lines of snowmobiles to follow.
Empty trains do the same in reverse.
Empty traps reopen in a day or so.
Empty trash can in kitchen.
Empty trays are available.
Empty triangles are bad.
Empty trucks are harder to control and the brake connections are more likely to come loose.
Empty trucks can bounce and lock up their wheels.
Empty trucks have less wind resistance.
Empty trucks have more traction.
Empty trucks have the best braking.
Empty trucks require greater stopping distances, because an empty vehicle has less traction.
Empty vesicles remain where virus once existed.
Empty vessel bears cryptic clue, making police officer crack it.
Empty vessels leave trails of tears.
Empty vessels make the most noise.
Empty vessels make the most sound.
Empty vials are to be disposed of as dry and semi-solid radioactive waste.
Empty volumes are white and filled volumes are black.
Empty wagons make the most noise.
Empty warehouses are more preferable to lining the pockets of the surplus inventory brokers.
An empty is a container
Empties are containers.
Empties cause empties.
Empties come back the same way.
Empties curbside book and video drops.
Empties drums, using bung-wrench, and turns valves to admit liquid ingredients into tanks.
Empties go back the same way.
Empties pencils sharpeners, empties waste baskets, and disposes of trash.
Empties slag pans from furnace, using hoist.
Empties trash by remote control.
Empties trash containers and removes debris.
Empties waste baskets and trash boxes.
Empties waste baskets.
Empties waste cans and ashtrays.
Empties waste receptacles and disposes of waste.
Emptying are removals.
Emrys technology is ideal for organizations with mixed connectivity and client-side requirements.
Emtek quality ensures a lifetime of carefree operation.
Emu leather is perfect for designer apparel, handbags, boots, etc.
Emu leather is soft and pliable, yet durable to withstand daily use.
Emu meat adapts well to many recipes.
Emu meat compliments the diets of health conscious people the world over.
Emu meat is a healthy alternative to beef for red meat.
Emu meat is a heart healthy, red meat.
Emu meat is a heart-healthy alternative to conventional red meat.
Emu meat is a mild flavored meat that accepts most seasonings.
Emu meat is an excellent alternative for health-conscious consumers who love the taste of beef.
Emu meat is delivered in freezer containers to a variety of outlets.
Emu meat is free from growth hormones and antibiotics.
Emu meat is high in iron, high in protein, and low in fat.
Emu meat is low in fat and cholesterol, and high in protein.
Emu meat is low in fat, calories and cholesterol.
Emu meat is low-fat, high in protein, and high in iron.
Emu meat is similar in taste and texture to that of lean beef.
Emu meat is the healthy choice.
Emu meat is today's delicious and heart healthy red meat choice.
Emu meat is very lean, so it really benefits from a marinade.
Emu meat is very low in cholesterol and very high in protein - an alternative to red meat.
Emu oil has anti-inflammatory properties and easily penetrates the skin, making it an ideal remedy.
Emu oil has anti-inflammatory properties and helps combat the effects of the aging process.
Emu oil has diverse applications ranging from cosmetics, soaps, and shampoos to analgesics.
Emu oil has the ability to quickly penetrate the skin and carry other ingredients with it.
Emu oil helps combat the effects of the aging process.
Emu oil incorporates easily into soap blends, adding no unusual behavior to the soap making process.
Emu oil is a bio-available source of essential lipids, known to be necessary for healthy skin.
Emu oil is a natural substance, only recently discovered by modern man.
Emu oil is a natural, environmentally friendly product.
Emu oil is a powerful moisturizer that penetrates deep into the skin.
Emu oil is also a natural moisturizer and healing agent.
Emu oil is an excellent skin moisturizer which penetrates deep into the many layers of the skin.
Emu oil is anti-inflammatory.
Emu oil is applied directly to the skin.
Emu oil is derived from the fat locacted under the skin along the back.
Emu oil is great for sunburns as well.
Emu oil is high in essential fatty acids.
Emu oil is one of the fastest natural skin-penetrating agents known today.
Emu oil is one of the most powerful transdermals known.
Emu oil is used to promote healing and to prevent scarring in burn patients.
Emu oil lacks long chain fatty acids which makes it conducive to a long shelf-life.
Emu oil lacks phospholipids and the human skin is phospholipid deficient.
Emu oil lacks phospholipids.
Emu oil provides a unique nutritional value unknown to other oils.
Emu oil seems to be able to reduce joint pain and swelling.
Emu oil spoils more easily than commonly rendered animal fats like lard and tallow.
An emu is a bird
Emu isa unit.
Many emu begin producing in their second year.
Some emu are free fed.
Emulated hardware is designed such that it is indistinguishable to the application software.
An emulation is an ambition
Emulation allows programs to run between incompatible systems.
Emulation also has a practical side.
Emulation can be both of hardware and software.
Emulation consists of designing hardware and software that emulate the old system.
Emulation demands preparation and commitment from the start of the project.
Emulation done in software is terminal simulation .
Emulation has the advantage of keeping the old representation around as long as possible, however.
Emulation increases latency, but very little.
Emulation involves the use of special hardware to assist in the verification process.
Emulation is a convoluted topic that has to do with different types of computers and keyboards.
Emulation is a great skill because it is even transferable from one career to another.
Emulation is a requirement.
Emulation is a spur to action.
Emulation is actually quite hard both for hardware and for software.
Emulation is also the recommended approach for the software testing phase.
Emulation is at best a workaround.
Emulation is conceptually simple.
Emulation is here to stay, dammit.
Emulation is important to validate the content of the title before it is replicated.
Emulation is inevitable.
Emulation is necessary especially when new cabling is involved.
Emulation is nothing but competition itself.
Emulation is now much more precise.
Emulation is possible because of the increased power of today's microprocessors.
Emulation is the catalyst.
Emulation is the process of imitating something.
Emulation provides a backup capability.
Emulation provides an alternative to full functional testing.
Emulation refers to the ability to introduce the simulator into a live network.
Emulation requires a lot of horsepower.
Emulation runs slower than actual software.
Emulation sparks interest in modern games.
Emulation uses a layer of software to maintain binary compatibility.
Emulation uses special Emplant board which is promised to emulate other platforms as well.
Emulations are ambitions.
Emulations are imitation.
Emulations are techniques.
Emulations constitute theories about human performance.
Emulations means jealousy and the uncontrolled desire to have what others have.
An emulator is a person
Emulator communicates with host computer by special PC card.
Emulator is a software tool that runs on a PC platform as an application in the host environment.
Emulator is copyrighted but freely distributed.
Emulator Link to most recent software.
Emulators also can be very slow.
Emulators also provide reset, single step, break points etc.
Emulators are a bottleneck to swift performance.
Emulators are application programs.
Emulators are available.
Emulators are basically software programs that can act like hardware.
Emulators are computer hardware.
Emulators are nothing without ROMs or disk images, because they are the actual copies of games.
Emulators assist game companies by reviving interest in their back catalogue of games.
Emulators can be powerful debugging tools.
Emulators can now store what system the emulator emulates.
Emulators can serve many other purposes.
Emulators come very close to displaying the game, but the controls are where they come up short.
Emulators evoke great memories.
Emulators exist for almost every game system and home computer, leaving very few systems unemulated.
Emulators integrate with the tutorial for hands-on practice of each task.
Emulators mirror the environment of one OS on another platform.
Emulators promote piracy.
Emulators provide full visibility only with limited depth, or with greatly reduced speed.
Emulators require a lot of processing power for best performance.
Emulators typically operate at a speed far less than the final design.
Emulators use disk-images for a totally different purpose.
Emulators Welcome to our links section.
Any emulator tries to be all things to all people.
Many emulators are also a bit buggy.
Many emulators exist today.
Most emulators are freeware.
Most emulators can emulate a number of games.
Most emulators capture only bus cycles.
Most emulators emulate one specific target, on one specific host.
Some emulators also emulate other hardware, such as link-port speakers.
Some emulators are better than others.
Some emulators require ROMs to do anything useful.
Emulex shares have a history of being very volatile.
Emulsifiable concentrates are liquids.
Emulsifiable concentrates are the best formulations for treatment of carpets and rugs.
Emulsifiable concentrates become milky looking when mixed with water.
Emulsifiable concentrates have less residual toxicity to bees than wettable powders.
Most emulsifiable herbicides increase the activity of flowables by acting as a spraying oil.
Emulsifies fats for ease of transport by the circulatory system.
Emulsified asphalt is a mixture of finely ground asphalt suspended in water by stabilizing agents.
Emulsified mixtures are usually thick and satiny in texture.
Emulsified oil appears to coat feathers even more completely than regular crude oil.
Emulsified oil is often the dominant form of chronic oil pollution.
Emulsified oils can produce much thicker residues.
Emulsified oils containing little or no asphalt content are generally no danger to the environment.
Emulsified water represents tiny water droplets in oil, typically dispersed by high shear mixing.
Emulsified wax is a water-based resist.
Emulsifier forms affect functionality.
An emulsifier is a chemical agent
Emulsifiers also affect droplet size of the oil spray.
Emulsifiers are agents which coat the hydrophobic particle.
Emulsifiers are complex molecules which have both water and fat soluble regions in their structure.
Emulsifiers are complex substances that are used in all types of food production.
Emulsifiers are liaisons between the two liquids and serve to stabilize the mixture.
Emulsifiers are substances that promote the suspension of one liquid in another.
Emulsifiers break dirt and grease into small particles.
Emulsifiers help solubilize hydrophobic molecules.
Emulsifiers keep foods from separating.
Emulsifiers keep the skin care product from separating.
Emulsion polymerization is a process used to produce many plastic resins, elastomers and latexes.
Emulsion is a colloid
Emulsion is a gelatin made of millions of light-sensitive silver halide crystals.
Emulsion is a light sensitive material which consists of a suspension of silver halides in gelatin.
Emulsion is a photosensitive solution that reacts to UV light.
Emulsion is a special photosensitive coating similar to photographic film.
Emulsion is best, as it dries quickly and can be blended or diluted.
Emulsion is coating.
Emulsion is colloids.
Emulsion is liquids.
Emulsion is perceived in different ways by different industries.
Emulsion isa colloid.
Emulsions are a type of solution in which surface tension plays a role.
Emulsions are dispersions of very small drops of bitumen in water.
Emulsions are generally more economical for use since they are lower silicone content.
Emulsions are heat processed fish by-products.
Emulsions are liquid-liquid colloids, tiny liquid droplets suspended in another liquid.
Emulsions are milky in appearance and solubilised oils, for example - are clear to the eye.
Emulsions are orders of magnitude better.
Emulsions are stable mixtures of two immiscible liquids.
Emulsions are ubiquitous throughout the food industry.
Emulsions are usually thick in texture and satiny in appearance.
Emulsions can be in liquid form or in capillary film form.
Emulsions contain millions of microscopic oil droplets suspended permanently in water.
Some emulsion becomes gels.
Some emulsion consists of water.
Emus noses are well-adapted for saving water.
An en is a linear measure
EN can be heat-treated to produce hardness values equivalent to hard chrome.
En die grijsaard is verliefd.
EN is a reaction pattern elicited by many different diseases.
EN is de standaard.
EN is in contact with their people.
EN is seen more frequently in erythema nodosum, erathema, nodosa Clinical manifestations and course.
EN is the particle of negation.
EN is used for English.
Ens are rivers.
Enable board interrupts at the appropriate time.
Enable cells are active low.
Enable comments feature.
Enable Device Turn on the device and get it to a known state.
Enable hardware interrupts again.
Enable high is used, the only thing holding the object is a slight residual magnetism in the motor.
Enable input enables driver output.
Enable mouse look.
Enable software facilitates the exchange of data with our clients in virtually all formats.
Enable style sheets Click the OK box.
Enable style sheets Continue or wait for redirection.
Enable title streaming To view all directives use the command shout -h .
An enactment is legislation
Enactment comes after engrossment.
Enactment is considered highly likely.
Enactment Make sure students stay in role, and proceed.
Enactment requires a three-quarters majority vote.
Enactments are legislation.
Enamel layers present absorption.
Enamel rings have features.
Most enamel rings have features.
Enamel finish for carefree maintenance.
Enamel is a substance
Enamel is coating.
Enamel is compounds.
Enamel is paint.
Enamel is part of crowns.
Enamel isa substance.
Enamel peel on front.
Enamels also are available in spray cans, many matching bottled paints in the same line.
Enamels are easiest to use here.
Enamels are easy to apply and come in a wide assortment of colors.
Enamels are especially tough and washable.
Enamels are generally smoother and dry to a harder surface than other interior paints.
Enamels are great on metal.
Enamels are oil varnishes with pigment added.
Enamels are oil-based paints and they require paint thinner to thin and clean up.
Enamels are petroleum-based paints.
Enamels are transparent.
Enamels can be latex or oil-based and can come in any finish.
Enamels give greater moisture resistance and are easier to clean.
Enamels mix with the same binders and in the same procedure.
All enamel work in tact.
All enamel work is in tact.
Some enamel covers surfaces.
Some enamel covers upper surfaces.
Some enamel has appearances.
Some enamel has mechanical properties.
Some enamel has properties.
Some enamel is part of fangs.
Some enamel is part of incisors.
Some enamel is part of molars.
Some enamel is part of teeth.
Some enamel is part of tusks.
Some enamel peel on back.
Some enamel wear.
Some enamels use other glass producing substances, such as phosphates.
Enameled regions allow for marking.
Enantiomer is a compound
Enantiomer is a well focused publication dedicated to the chemistry and biochemistry of enantiomers.
Enantiomer means non-superimposable, mirror images.
Enantiomers are alike in all respects but one.
Enantiomers are compounds with identical chemical composition that are mirror images of each other.
Enantiomers are mirror image stereoisomers.
Enantiomers are molecules having non-superimposable mirror images.
Enantiomers are non-superimposable mirror image structures.
Enantiomers are nonsuperimposable mirror images.
Enantiomers are one type of stereoisomer.
Enantiomers are stereoisomers whose molecules are nonsuperpoable mirror images of each other.
Enantiomers can exhibit diffrent chemical properties, such as very different rates of reaction.
Enantiomers come in pairs.
Enantiomers have different properties in chiral environments .
Enantiomers have identical chemical properties except toward optically active reagents.
Enantiomers have mirror image structures, so they bind unequally to a given site.
Enantiomers have molecular structures which are mirror images of each other.
Enantiomers have the same molecular weight, connectivity and dipole moments.
Enantiomers have the same physical and chemical properties.
Enantiomers interact differently with the two forms of light.
Enantiomers rotate the plane by equal amounts in opposite directions.
An enation is kinship
Enations are small flaps of tissue without vascularization.
Encad prints hold their color for months, even in substantial light.
Encampment commanders are responsible for compliance.
Encampment name meets day at time .
An encampment is a site
Encampment is a great time to meet people.
Encampments are possible for larger groups.
Encantos products contain no mineral oils, synthetic colorings, or artificial preservatives.
Encapsulated behavior allows certain degree of context-based polymorphism.
Encapsulated curatives keep the adhesive stable at ambient conditions.
Encapsulated endings are enclosed by groups of cells of varying complexity.
Encapsulated foam lasts longer and helps keep fragments from polluting waterways.
Encapsulated tumors are generally benign and have a favorable prognosis.
Encapsulation allows code and data to be packaged together.
Encapsulation allows the user of an object to view it as a black box that provides services.
Encapsulation also allows developers to reuse code, saving time and resources.
Encapsulation also places an intrusive barrier between the researcher and the item.
Encapsulation also protects objects that use the encapsulated object.
Encapsulation can also narrow the size distribution of core particles.
Encapsulation can mask the off-tastes of minerals, vitamins, and some pharmaceuticals.
Encapsulation can open the door to the immune-protected use of cells from various species.
Encapsulation closely parallels the concept of information hiding.
Encapsulation Consider the following class declaration.
Encapsulation covers the lead.
Encapsulation creates new data types by combining characteristics and behaviors.
Encapsulation describes the way data moves from layer to layer.
Encapsulation eliminates corrosion and insulation deterioration.
Encapsulation enforces an abstraction barrier.
Encapsulation enforces modularity and reduces problematic dependencies between objects.
Encapsulation gives the designer flexibility in providing for a template's reuse.
Encapsulation has a drawback, however.
Encapsulation has many advantages over other strategies.
Encapsulation hides the data from external entities, forcing data access to occur through methods.
Encapsulation hides the private information.
Encapsulation involves adding a header and a trailer to the existing packet to create the new frame.
Encapsulation involves hiding data of a class and allowing access only through a public interface.
Encapsulation involves placing the paper between two pieces of polyester film.
Encapsulation is a language facility, whereas information hiding is a design principle.
Encapsulation is a legal method of containing lead paint hazards under the Massachusetts Lead Law.
Encapsulation is a physical process
Encapsulation is a recent technique used for preservation of loose documents.
Encapsulation is also appropriate for flat paper items such as posters.
Encapsulation is also important, with the layering of complexity done at lower levels.
Encapsulation is also relatively quick and easy.
Encapsulation is an excellent tool for mitigating complexity.
Encapsulation is an implementation option.
Encapsulation is blown.
Encapsulation is by class definitions linked via single inheritance.
Encapsulation is conditions.
Encapsulation is done at the wafer level, on bumped wafers, using a new transfer molding technique.
Encapsulation is negotiated during initialization.
Encapsulation is processes.
Encapsulation is the ability to hide the internal workings of an object's behavior and it's data.
Encapsulation is the method by which foo's tcp can talk directly to bar's tcp.
Encapsulation is the packaging together of the data and operations of a class.
Encapsulation is the principle of object-orientation that enables seamless distribution.
Encapsulation is the process of packaging upper-layer protocol information and data into a frame.
Encapsulation is the wrapping of data in a particular protocol header.
Encapsulation is thus a given.
Encapsulation is what produces the private tunnel through the public network.
Encapsulation keeps an object's data and methods that use the data together as part of the object.
Encapsulation keeps clusters and virtual processes apart.
Encapsulation maintains the integrity of the data in a program.
Encapsulation makes an object reusable because it is totally self-sufficient.
Encapsulation makes the data and methods private within an object.
Encapsulation means hiding the details of an object from the other parts of a program.
Encapsulation means that a high degree of functionality is integrated, or bundled, into each object.
Encapsulation occurs when a protective system completely seals the surfaces of a concrete member.
Encapsulation places a protective shell around the program code.
Encapsulation protects against shock, vibration, and humidity.
Encapsulation protects items for handling.
Encapsulation protects the dye from the environment.
Encapsulation protects the item from wear and mishap.
Encapsulation refers to the bundling of data with the methods that operate on that data.
Encapsulation requires adding information to each packet, which increases the packet size.
Encapsulation seals out all moisture and air, eliminating corrosion and insulation deterioration.
Encapsulation sounds good, but gads, what a task.
Encapsulation sports bras work by supporting each breast individually up against the chest.
Encapsulation often is the best option when dealing with insulation on heating systems and ceilings.
Encapsulation often is the best option when dealing with insulation on heating systems.
Encapsulation usually takes two weeks.
All encapsulation happens at network or ethernet speeds where it is less noticeable.
An encasement is an enclosure
Encasements are an economical alternative to discarding infested beds.
Encasements carry a lifetime warranty and offer the very best in durability and quality.
Encaustic paint cools in minutes, which means additional layers can be added almost immediately.
Encaustic painting is the ancient painting medium using colored bees-waxes on different surfaces.
Encephalitis is a symptom
Encephalitis is one of the most misunderstood and hard to diagnose illnesses there are.
An encephalocele is a congenital abnormality
Encephaloceles usually are in the midline scalp, either hairless or with a collarette of hair.
Enchant weapons enhance ability.
Most enchant weapons enhance ability.
Enchanted children are birds groaning in flight.
Enchanted Fountains are a product of . . .
An enchanter is an occultist
Enchanters also excel in stun spells.
Enchanters are sorcerers.
Enchanters can enchant the metal giving the jewelry magic bonuses.
Enchanters have a large variety of utility spells as well.
Enchanters have trouble getting into a group earlier on, but at higher levels are the most valuable.
Enchanters specialize in illusion and charm spells.
Enchantment is a liking
Enchantments are resistant to fusarium, verticillium, nematodes and bacterial speck.
All enchantments are mind-affecting spells.
An enchondroma is a tumor
Enchondromas are asymptomatic and can be located in any bone, especially in the hands and feet.
Enchondromas are benign tumors.
Enchondromas are difficult to differentiate from low grade chondrosarcoma by radiology.
Enchondromas are radiolucent with amorphous radiodense nodules.
Enchondromas are usually long and oval and have well-defined margins.
Enchondromas have chondrocytes without atypia inside hyaline cartilage.
Encircled numbers indicate the estimated size of the audiences.
An enclave is a district
Enclaves are districts.
Enclaves consist of a small group of individuals with disabilities working within a business.
Enclaves is a software framework for building such group applications.
Enclaves provide an intermediate level of employment between sheltered and competitive employment.
Enclaves provide work for groups of adults at a local industry or business.
Enclaves provides an abstract layer of secure multicast.
Enclaves receive supervision and training from qualified TARC staff.
Some enclaves are now on Belgian territory.
Enclose chambers contain particles.
Most enclose chambers contain particles.
An enclosure is an area
Enclosure also discourages criticism from outside and inside.
Enclosure cheapens both life and labor.
Enclosure enables insiders to monopolize deals, and takes various forms.
Enclosure implies a beginning and end.
Enclosure inextricably links two concepts into a third, different concept.
Enclosure is a rare word in that it is pretty neutral.
Enclosure is built to engineer's standards.
Enclosure is finished in textured black.
Enclosure is made of heavy gauge impact resistant aluminum.
Enclosure is provided with rainproof vents and a ground fault protected electrical outlet.
Enclosure is silver inside and black outside.
Enclosure is small but adequate for a short time.
Enclosure is walnut vinyl.
Enclosure protects internal components against theft and tampering.
Enclosure refers to being surrounded or boxed in by the surrounding objects.
Enclosure underlines the local autonomy of community.
Enclosures also offer the perfect reprieve from cabin fever and the wintertime blahs.
Enclosures are all nicely 'furnished' with branches, logs, rocks, plants, pools, etc.
Enclosures are also available.
Enclosures are areas.
Enclosures are available in satin finished black, satin brass or stainless steel.
Enclosures are available to meet all indoor and outdoor location requirements.
Enclosures are clean.
Enclosures are compatible with most optical tables.
Enclosures are corrosion resistance suitable for harsh marine or severe weather locations.
Enclosures are documents.
Enclosures are dust and moisture resistant.
Enclosures are generally big, and there is ample space for development.
Enclosures are high-bandwidth so use the sparingly.
Enclosures are insertions.
Enclosures are insulated to minimize heat load to the facility.
Enclosures are necessary in some areas to keep deer from browsing seedlings.
Enclosures are space.
Enclosures are stainless steel, designed to withstand the conditions of an industrial environment.
Enclosures are the small cards included with the invitation.
Enclosures can also be handmade.
Enclosures can be from open wire all around to closed on all sides with a wire front.
Enclosures can sometimes impede their progress.
Enclosures come with cable access ports, heavy-duty steel hinges, dual key locks.
Enclosures download Each accessible for download.
Enclosures exist solely for the purpose of accommodating the woofer.
Enclosures help maintain high humidity.
Enclosures incorporate a unique design that can be tailored to meet any particular requirement.
Enclosures range from dust-tight, vapor tight and extra tight enclosures.
All enclosures are custom made for each individual customer.
All enclosures are plastic and all controls and connectors are on the rear of the sub.
All enclosures are zipper sealed.
Most enclosures are spacious.
Most enclosures differ in size and form.
Most enclosures have a small pool in which the birds can bathe.
Encode enzymes involve in degradations.
Encode insulin binds proteins.
Encoder adaptation modulates the visual responses of crayfish interneurons.
An encoding is a writing
Encoding actually makes the result larger than the original.
Encoding allows each part of a record to be set off from every other part.
Encoding allows to convert text in a uniform format so it can be safely moved between platforms.
Encoding are cryptography.
Encoding can be a very rapid way of expressing lengthy messages.
Encoding can take place either with or without a mapping model.
Encoding can take place in several parts of the brain.
Encoding can take several minutes if the file is large.
Encoding is a complex, technical and highly specialized skill that requires a dedicated focus.
Encoding is a compression optimized for a locale.
Encoding is a method by which large files can be sent in a form acceptable to the Internet.
Encoding is a process that prepares music for downloading.
Encoding is a systematic means of changing a binary file to a text file of some sort.
Encoding is a very important aspect of the media presentation.
Encoding is a way of splitting files into text that is safe to pass through the email system.
Encoding is always a dubbing process.
Encoding is blazingly-fast.
Encoding is charged per minute of audio being encoded.
Encoding is divided into translating and reviewing.
Encoding is either undefined or contains an encoding string.
Encoding is important.
Encoding is shown at the bottom of the window.
Encoding is the act of putting an idea or a thought into a code while decoding is. . . .
Encoding is the compression of normal sound or video files.
Encoding is the compression of the audio or video into a format that can be streamed.
Encoding is the encoding of the specific type used.
Encoding is the name of the process and an encoder is the software used in the process.
Encoding is the point where every Internet audio and video project begins.
Encoding is the process of converting text data into a numbering system that computers recognize.
Encoding is the process of converting video and audio content into a digital format.
Encoding is the process of inserting the caption data onto a video tape, DVD or laser disc.
Encoding is the process whereby information is put into long-term memory.
Encoding lacks some words.
Encoding makes it possible to send binary files via mail.
Encoding provides the means of identifying and individuating abstract objects.
Encoding seems more complex than a simple boot sequence.
Encoding seems particularly vulnerable to problems among the elderly.
Encoding uses a dictionary consisting of a root-array of all characters, a node tree, and a history.
Encoding uses CPU cycles.
Encodings are a weakness in the HTML spec.
Encodings are for the external world, such as data stores and communication protocols.
Encodings Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Encodings Provides information about encodings.
Every encoding contains letters of several similar alphabets.
Many encodings are possible.
Most encodings has only one representation for every character.
Some encoding is automatic.
An encopresis is a mental disturbance
Encopresis can lead to other problems.
Encopresis is a serious disorder that have various medical and emotional causes.
Encopresis is more common in boys than in girls.
Encopresis occurs when loose stool leaks around the fecal mass and presents at the anoderm.
Encopresises are diseases.
Encopresises are mental disorder.
Encopresis frequently is associated with constipation and fecal impaction .
Encopresis frequently is associated with constipation and fecal impaction.
An encore is performance
Encore attracts active, mature adults.
Encore consists of five subject areas that rotate every seven weeks.
Encore participates in at least one competition or festival yearly.
Encore provides indepth practice and fun activities to improve typing skills and speed.
Encore publishes music for all brass instruments, woodwinds, strings.
Encore specializes in clothing less than two years.
Encore supports work on multiple staves and in multiple voices.
Encores are albums.
Encores are performance.
Encores are singles.
An encounter is a fighting
Encounter comes from contaminated feces from recently infected pigs or carrier animals.
Encounter is a complex product which consists of several components.
Encounter is a large group study and worship for all students to attend.
Encounter is a project open to all.
Encounter is a spiritual emphasis week that is developed around our student's schedules.
Encounter is already an exception that enables a special kind of talking to each other.
Encounter is used.
Encounter proves a success .
Encounters are casual, carefree and often careless.
Encounters are detrimental to the rabbits and beneficial to the foxes.
Encounters are inherently collaborative.
Encounters are joining.
Encounters are magazines.
Encounters are open to all faiths and cultures.
Encounters are rare.
Encounters are through writing, through voice and other means.
Encounters can be close and contact is made on occasion.
Encounters can provide moments of insight into how cultures work.
Encounters explores diversity in language, diversity through language and diversity about language.
Encounters happen when they happen, and most of the time it is of the bear's choosing.
Encounters holds various social events through out the semester such as parties and dances.
Encounters involve vocal exchanges and chest-beating.
Encounters range from a brush or bump to serious bites.
Encounters therefore have aspects of both the general and the specific.
All encounters are subject to change without notice.
All encounters require a note in the chart.
All encounters serve as ways to learn about responsibility.
Every encounter brings immense depth and spiralling, potentially deadly possibilities.
Every encounter has a beginning, but never An ending.
Every encounter here is surely an experience of total luxury and friendly service.
Every encounter is a bit different.
Every encounter is a learning.
Every encounter is an adaptation to the other body in the bed.
Every encounter is an element of the larger whole.
Every encounter is an opportunity for learning.
Every encounter is an opportunity to gain a new customer and please an existing one.
Every encounter is an opportunity to give.
Every encounter is dramatic, every eternal love meddled with by an evil outsider.
Every encounter is fraught.
Every encounter is pervaded with suspicion of alien infiltration.
Every encounter is rich with meaning.
Every encounter is unique and individual, just like any meeting between two persons.
Every encounter is unique.
Many encounters develop during the growth period in marriages.
Most encounters are very brief and non- violent.
Most encounters begin with eye contact.
Most encounters cause temporary pain and localized redness.
Some encounters are brief, even fleeting, but their impact lasts a lifetime.
Some encounters are momentary but have a lasting impact on the writer nonetheless.
Some encounters are pleasant.
Some encounters are so powerful that the person's life becomes permanently changed.
Encouraging compliance can include many types of activities.
Encouraging curiosity is well worth the effort.
Encouraging dialogue is good, but there have to be tangible results too.
Encouraging efforts are underway.
Encouraging emails are very welcome.
Encouraging fluids is helpful for a child with a tracheostomy.
Encouraging fluids is the initial step, provided the client is able to tolerate oral intake.
Encouraging ingenuity is key to students' educational growth.
Encouraging innovation is crucial for Sycamore.
Encouraging land uses that reduce demand on the transportation infrastructure is a good investment.
Encouraging news abounds.
Encouraging predation is another way to reduce vole populations.
Encouraging secrecy is another good indication that the email is a fraud.
Encouraging signs are apparent.
Encouraging signs are the strength of volunteers from the upscale audience.
Encouraging students is an important part of teaching.
Encouraging trial is a key to keeping a large selection of beer turning quickly to ensure freshness.
Encouraging variety is also a long-term strategy that works better than banning some food forever.
Encouraging words can go a long way toward easing someone's pain.
Encouraging words can go a long way.
Encouraging work is neither discriminatory nor punitive.
Encroachment can have significant negative impacts on operating capacity for the industrial users.
Encroachment continues long beyond initial settlement as an almost continuous process.
Encroachment is an entrance
Encroachment is when a defensive player makes contact with an offensive player prior to the snap.
Encroachment means honoring and maintaining space.
Encroachment means to trespass by placing improvements on or over another person's land.
Most encroachments are slight and unintended and therefore, unnoticed until a survey is done.
Encryption algorithms are nothing but sophisticated mathematics.
Many encryption algorithms depend on the use of a random-number generator.
Encryption key is installation dependent.
Encryption key is long.
Encryption keys are short-lived and certified by the user's signature key.
Encryption keys can be any combination of letters, words, numbers or phrases of any length.
Encryption software can also use keys in different ways.
Encryption software encodes data for sending then decodes it for reading.
Encryption software generates a random numerical code.
Encryption software is another possibility.
Encryption software is available from a number of popular software companies.
Encryption software is in ever greater demand as e-commerce begins to take off.
Encryption software is necessary.
Encryption software is the last and most important barrier in information security.
Encryption software protects data by making it unreadable.
Encryption software protects privacy by scrambling information into unreadable text.
Encryption software secures customer transactions.
Encryption software uses an algorithm to scramble data.
Encryption software uses complex mathematical formulas to scramble information stored in computers.
Encryption strength is determined by key length.
Encryption strength is determined by the length and complexity of the key.
Encryption strength is measured by the size of the numbers used in the keys.
Encryption strength is measured in bits, and a higher bit level is more secure.
Encryption adds another level of security to documents.
Encryption allows information to be translated into un-decipherable code.
Encryption allows people to use electronic envelopes to protect their speech.
Encryption allows potentially sensitive data to be hidden from the general public.
Encryption allows secure communication over an insecure channel.
Encryption allows the modem to receive the essential data and ignore the rest of the clutter.
Encryption also allows secure communication over an otherwise insecure channel like the Internet.
Encryption also ensures data integrity.
Encryption also gives criminals and terrorists the means of keeping their nefarious plans secret.
Encryption also helps secure online financial transactions.
Encryption also protects the user from the intruder making changes to information being sent.
Encryption also raises some eyebrows inside corporations.
Encryption also requires that all users employ the same encryption engine used to scramble the file.
Encryption appears twice here.
Encryption assures that only authorized units in the system can listen to transmissions being made.
Encryption brings to mind all sorts of visual images.
Encryption can also add value to the customer's ownership phase.
Encryption can also be important when other confidential information is being shared.
Encryption can also threaten the work of national security agencies.
Encryption can be a complex and sophisticated approach to protecting confidential data.
Encryption can be a mis-leading illusion.
Encryption can be a solution.
Encryption can be an answer.
Encryption can be complicated and expensive to use.
Encryption can be much more secure than physical security.
Encryption can exist in many different forms.
Encryption can help keep data and communication confidential.
Encryption can help keeping data and communication confidential.
Encryption can protect data while it is in transit, from one party to another.
Encryption can provide a means of securing information.
Encryption can save our democracy, and ensure the privacy of every citizen.
Encryption can solve the first issue.
Encryption causes the files to be many times larger than they actually are.
Encryption changes information into an unreadable format.
Encryption changes readable format data into an unreadable format.
Encryption changes the equation.
Encryption comes in many strengths, and strong encryption carries a price.
Encryption comes in two levels, Private and Protected.
Encryption depends on the existence of a session.
Encryption depends upon application.
Encryption depends upon the use of keys.
Encryption ensures that no one can access or use personal information in an unauthorized manner.
Encryption ensures that only intended recipients can read a message.
Encryption ensures that such requirements are met.
Encryption ensures the privacy of all inbound transactions and outbound responses.
Encryption ensures the privacy of information on any transport or storage medium.
Encryption ensures voice and signaling security for individual transmissions.
Encryption ensures votes remain secret.
Encryption essentially means the data is scrambled before it is sent and unscrambled when received.
Encryption exists now and is necessary for commerce.
Encryption exists to be defeated .
Encryption exists to be defeated.
Encryption fits the bill.
Encryption gets a brief review in chapter three.
Encryption gives Internet transactions reasonable protection from prying eyes.
Encryption happens to be available worldwide.
Encryption has a long tradition in the military defence field.
Encryption has applications in many areas, including electronic commerce and message authentication.
Encryption has many benefits.
Encryption helps many innocent people and businesses keep their information private.
Encryption helps prevent cyber crime and promotes our national security.
Encryption helps prevent cyber crime.
Encryption helps prevent cybercrime.
Encryption helps prevent data from being interpreted by anyone other than an authorized recipient.
Encryption helps prevent unauthorized reading of packet contents.
Encryption helps protect it from interception by a third party.
Encryption helps protect private data from interception by a third party.
Encryption increases the cost of the unique health identifier proposal.
Encryption insures order accuracy.
Encryption involves encoding the information thus making it unreadable.
Encryption involves making data unintelligible to all but the sender and intended recipient.
Encryption involves the encoding of material such that the information is relatively inaccessible.
Encryption involves the scrambling of data through a hardware or software embedded algorithm.
Encryption involves the viral code being either encrypted, or modified, by a set pattern or patters.
Encryption is a basic technology that is in great demand.
Encryption is a better method.
Encryption is a big advancement for privacy.
Encryption is a built-in feature requiring no control panels.
Encryption is a complex technology.
Encryption is a complicated issue, and changes occur frequently.
Encryption is a costly operation, both in terms of processing power and time.
Encryption is a critical technology for securing information as it passes through the Internet.
Encryption is a field for healthy debate.
Encryption is a fundamental building block of the information age.
Encryption is a good example.
Encryption is a good security measure against the threat of intercepted frames.
Encryption is a good thing for a democratic society.
Encryption is a growing and important issue.
Encryption is a huge effort for little risk.
Encryption is a joke.
Encryption is a lot like evolution.
Encryption is a mathematical mechanism designed to protect sensitive information.
Encryption is a matter of clicking on a button or pressing a hot key.
Encryption is a means of scrambling information for transmission between computer systems.
Encryption is a means of scrambling information for transmission.
Encryption is a means of scrambling information to protect it as it travels across the Internet.
Encryption is a means to achieve that privacy.
Encryption is a means to ensure confidentiality.
Encryption is a method for scrambling data in order to make electronic communications more secure.
Encryption is a method of disguising data so that no outsiders can read it.
Encryption is a method of scrambling information to prevent others from intercepting it.
Encryption is a modern form of computer deletion for redaction purposes.
Encryption is a process of mathematically scrambling data.
Encryption is a process of turning written language into a scrambled, unrecognizable form.
Encryption is a secret code that scrambles all data and every message sent to and from the server.
Encryption is a secure means of transferring sensitive files.
Encryption is a subject of vital importance to our industry.
Encryption is a technology that employs complex mathematical algorithms to encode data.
Encryption is a very important role in computer privacy.
Encryption is a very reliable process.
Encryption is a way of protecting the content of messages.
Encryption is a way of scrambling data so that only users with the right key can read the data.
Encryption is a way to rewrite something in a code, which can be decoded later with the right key.
Encryption is a way to write something in code, which can be decoded later with the right key.
Encryption is a writing
Encryption is accomplished by simply dragging and dropping files.
Encryption is addressed again in Sec.
Encryption is advised for any data that is ultrasensitive.
Encryption is all about helping honest people protect their information from bad people.
Encryption is almost always cumbersome and difficult.
Encryption is also available for video and audio streams.
Encryption is also available.
Encryption is also important on the database that contains the biometric information.
Encryption is also readily available.
Encryption is an easy way to protect vital data.
Encryption is an effective way to achieve data security.
Encryption is an equally difficult issue.
Encryption is an essential component of information security.
Encryption is an essential part of the right to human expression protected under the Constitution.
Encryption is an important element in our search for internet security.
Encryption is an important tool in combating such fraud.
Encryption is an ongoing sore spot.
Encryption is another method used to provide data security on the net.
Encryption is another type of security measure used to protect data and information.
Encryption is applied at the client.
Encryption is applied to both the control and data channels.
Encryption is at the heart of most digital commerce done over the Internet.
Encryption is at the heart of the growing Internet economy.
Encryption is available for credit card information.
Encryption is available for most newer e-mail clients.
Encryption is available for telephones, facsimile machines, computers, and video transmissions.
Encryption is available globally and puts U.S. business at a competitive disadvantage globally.
Encryption is available to keep documents sealed that are in electronic format.
Encryption is available today.
Encryption is available upon request.
Encryption is available, as well as flexible login and rights options.
Encryption is based on a key that has two different parts.
Encryption is based on factoring numbers into a product of primes.
Encryption is based on public and private key technology.
Encryption is based on the kind of mathematical calculations that fill a blackboard.
Encryption is based on the mathematical scrambling and unscrambling of messages.
Encryption is best solution.
Encryption is both the first and last line of Internet security.
Encryption is bound to play a bigger part in wireless computing in the future.
Encryption is built in to for security.
Encryption is built into every web browser right now.
Encryption is built into many security products today.
Encryption is completely transparent to end users.
Encryption is complex, so encrypting a hash is much faster than encrypting the whole document.
Encryption is compromised when the key is compromised.
Encryption is critical to the future of on-line privacy.
Encryption is currently the most appropriate means to ensure security.
Encryption is designed for transmission security.
Encryption is discussed below.
Encryption is done at the client workstation.
Encryption is done by an EncryptedOutputStream.
Encryption is done with the personal secret key of the PC user.
Encryption is done.
Encryption is essential to a secure remote access or VPN solution.
Encryption is essential to hundreds of billions of dollars of e-commerce.
Encryption is essentially high tech scrambling.
Encryption is even illegal in some places.
Encryption is extraordinarily powerful.
Encryption is extremely important for passwords.
Encryption is frightening to the government because it makes transactions hard to trace.
Encryption is here to stay.
Encryption is implemented at transport layer and is thus transparent for applications.
Encryption is important in protecting client message data.
Encryption is important to our member companies for several different reasons.
Encryption is intended to make the data accessible only to the intended readers.
Encryption is internal to the radio and is implemented in both hardware and software.
Encryption is just another facet of data compression .
Encryption is like putting a letter in an envelope.
Encryption is like the spy decoder rings that used to come in the cereal boxes.
Encryption is limited in other respects as well.
Encryption is lumped into two categories, weak and strong.
Encryption is most useful when coupled with a polymorphic strategy.
Encryption is much the same.
Encryption is necessary due to the lack of trust.
Encryption is negotiated along with the type of the authentication.
Encryption is no better than wispering in someones ear.
Encryption is no longer the business of just government and spies.
Encryption is now affordable for the everyman.
Encryption is now much faster.
Encryption is of little use without proper key management.
Encryption is off.
Encryption is on full-time.
Encryption is one form of cryptography.
Encryption is one mechanism used for secrecy.
Encryption is one of the best techniques to maintain the confidentiality of messages.
Encryption is one of the most effective tools for keeping the information secure.
Encryption is one possible solution, but there's an associated cost of convenience.
Encryption is one solution.
Encryption is one such obstacle.
Encryption is one such technology.
Encryption is one technology that accomplishes that.
Encryption is one tool often mentioned when talking about securing music.
Encryption is one way of doing just that, but it's only part of the solution.
Encryption is only a partial solution.
Encryption is only available for character and memo type fields.
Encryption is only one form of concealment.
Encryption is only one piece of the larger critical infrastructure pie.
Encryption is optional.
Encryption is performed by applying the cellular automaton once to the message.
Encryption is performed in two steps.
Encryption is performed with the public key while decryption is done with the private key.
Encryption is permitted, and encouraged where appropriate, during transmission of messages.
Encryption is plagued by legal problems of all kinds.
Encryption is presently the most effective way to achieve data security.
Encryption is provided to protect publisher's content and author's intellectual property.
Encryption is quite easy to break.
Encryption is quite rare among boot sector viruses.
Encryption is relatively rare today.
Encryption is seen as the basic building block of VPNs.
Encryption is seen by many people as a necessary step for commerce on the internet to succeed.
Encryption is slow.
Encryption is software technology that locks computerized information to keep it private.
Encryption is something a lot of people value, but few understand.
Encryption is speech protected by the First Amendment.
Encryption is speech, and as such is entitled to protection.
Encryption is standard practice for commerce on the internet.
Encryption is still a big deal.
Encryption is still illegal in France, with the possible exception of crypting solely the payement.
Encryption is strong stuff.
Encryption is technology that scrambles computer files and communications to protect privacy.
Encryption is the actual process of hiding the message.
Encryption is the answer.
Encryption is the armored car of the Internet.
Encryption is the best way to protect information communicated over the Internet.
Encryption is the coding of the message so only the intended recipient can read.
Encryption is the conversion of a message into an unreadable form.
Encryption is the envelope for the digital age.
Encryption is the glue and tape that seals an envelope.
Encryption is the key.
Encryption is the locking of a message and decryption is the unlocking.
Encryption is the main component providing security within payment systems.
Encryption is the main way of achieving confidentiality using computers.
Encryption is the most effective data security.
Encryption is the most effective way to achieve data security .
Encryption is the most effective way to achieve data security.
Encryption is the most secure means of protection, but is often cumbersome to use.
Encryption is the only safe way to store confidential documents on a local hard drive .
Encryption is the principal technology for message secrecy.
Encryption is the process of converting data into a secure format for transmission.
Encryption is the process of converting information into a more secure format for transmission.
Encryption is the process of disguising information into an unreadable form.
Encryption is the process of encoding data for security purpose.
Encryption is the process of scrambling a message so that only the intended recipient can read it.
Encryption is the process of scrambling confidential electronic data into undecipherable code.
Encryption is the process of scrambling data so that only the intended receiver can use it.
Encryption is the scrambling of information for transmission back and forth between two points.
Encryption is the second building block for security protocols.
Encryption is the single most powerful and effective technology for protecting privacy.
Encryption is the technology used to protect information sent over the Internet.
Encryption is the transformation of data into a form unreadable by anyone without a decryption key.
Encryption is the transformation of data into an unreadable form.
Encryption is the transformation of data into some unreadable form.
Encryption is the translation of data into a secret code.
Encryption is the translation of data into a type of secret code.
Encryption is the use of some means to disguise or obscure the meaning of a message.
Encryption is the way in which information is scrambled when it is sent over the Internet.
Encryption is to be taken very seriously.
Encryption is to the Information Revolution what the Atlantic Ocean was to the American Revolution.
Encryption is too important to be left solely to governments.
Encryption is transparent.
Encryption is ultimately the basis of most of our computer security.
Encryption is used after an initial handshake to define a secret key.
Encryption is used at high-level bases, but it's expensive and vulnerable to atmospheric shifts.
Encryption is used for all messages after a simple handshake is used to define a secret key.
Encryption is used for many different things.
Encryption is used for security purposes.
Encryption is used in more computer and network products for security purposes.
Encryption is used to authenticate the registration information.
Encryption is used to ensure that all transactions are secure.
Encryption is used to further secure the data contained in the packets.
Encryption is used to keep online communications like e-mail private.
Encryption is used to maintain the confidentiality of private data when traveling over the Internet.
Encryption is used to prevent making copies.
Encryption is used to protect against eavesdropping.
Encryption is used to protect against spoofed packets and hijacked connections.
Encryption is used to protect personal or business data from hackers or competitors.
Encryption is used to store the code in a secret way .
Encryption is used to store the code in a secret way.
Encryption is used to verify messages, validate and authenticate users and authorize transactions.
Encryption is useful for more than protecting our privacy from the intrusions of big brother.
Encryption is vital for the protection of private information in digital form.
Encryption is what it's about.
Encryption is, after all, a private matter.
Encryption just bogs that down.
Encryption lets only the intended recipient decode the communication.
Encryption locks our private information.
Encryption makes a database indecipherable, which protects it from unauthorized viewing or use.
Encryption makes data unintelligible.
Encryption makes data unreadable to everyone except the intended receiver.
Encryption makes digital transmission more secure than traditional radio communications.
Encryption makes it difficult for others to view a user's information.
Encryption makes reading intercepted data extremely difficult.
Encryption makes secrecy of identity easy, thereby creating a market for identity.
Encryption makes shopping online completely safe.
Encryption makes tapped or rerouted transmissions unreadable.
Encryption makes that rather difficult.
Encryption makes the data unreadable while in transit.
Encryption means any procedure to convert plaintext into ciphertext.
Encryption means taking the data and scrambling it before it is written to the data file.
Encryption means that the file is unreadable by any program without the encryption key or password.
Encryption means turning meaningful words and numbers into coded language.
Encryption means users can scramble data, keeping information private even if it is accessed.
Encryption minimizes some risks but is a double-edged sword.
Encryption obviously limits what can be gathered.
Encryption occurs on the fly in the background without noticeable performance loss.
Encryption offers security in case of interception by an unauthorized source.
Encryption offers the digital equivalent of a sealed envelope.
Encryption offers varying degrees of protection, depending on the algorithm and key length used.
Encryption only encourages the false belief that privacy can be guaranteed.
Encryption permits buyers and sellers to verify and authenticate a transaction over the Internet.
Encryption plays a great role here both in data storage and in communication.
Encryption poses difficult but solvable issues.
Encryption prevents outside viewers.
Encryption prevents transactions from being read by unauthorized parties over the Internet.
Encryption prevents unauthorized reading of packet contents.
Encryption prevents unauthorized users from scanning their own signatures for fraudulent purposes.
Encryption prohibits eavesdropping in electronic data exchange media.
Encryption promotes national security, prevents crime, and protects privacy.
Encryption protects against others opening that file or folder.
Encryption protects against others' opening that file or folder.
Encryption protects against password snoopers and ensures the privacy of any Web communications.
Encryption protects data confidentiality.
Encryption protects data from being monitored while it is being transmitted.
Encryption protects data from peeping even if the communication path is monitored.
Encryption protects data on the move but that is a small part of the problem.
Encryption protects e -mail by rendering it very difficult to read by any unintended party.
Encryption protects information from interception or eavesdropping as it transits the Internet.
Encryption protects locally stored databases.
Encryption protects passwords from interception by scrambling the connection.
Encryption protects private data in the event that an intruder gains physical access to a computer.
Encryption protects private information from being divulged even over open networks.
Encryption protects private information from discovery when transmitted, even over open networks.
Encryption protects the security and privacy of communications and stored data.
Encryption provides a straightforward access control method for information services.
Encryption provides an envelope for e-mail.
Encryption provides an extra layer of security to physical files.
Encryption provides data compression.
Encryption provides for confidentiality of the applet during transmit.
Encryption provides high level of security for confidential files.
Encryption provides highest level of security for confidential files.
Encryption provides no assurance of privacy or accuracy of ballots cast.
Encryption provides privacy and confidence.
Encryption provides privacy by protecting email as it moves over the Internet.
Encryption provides secure file systems and databases.
Encryption provides secure transfer of data.
Encryption provides security for confidential files.
Encryption provides security, but demands processing time.
Encryption provides some unique benefits.
Encryption provides such a solution.
Encryption provides the digital certificates needed for trustworthy transactions over the Internet.
Encryption puts an envelope around that postcard.
Encryption puts an envelope around the communication that protects the privacy of the message.
Encryption puts viscosity right back into the fluid digital pipeline.
Encryption refers to any procedure to convert plain text into cipher text.
Encryption renders the file unreadable.
Encryption requires both the sender and the recipient to have the encryption program.
Encryption requires the use of specialised hardware, which limits the portability of programs.
Encryption requires the use of specialized hardware, in turn limiting the portability of programs.
Encryption scrambles the data so it is unintelligible to anyone trying to get it illegally.
Encryption scrambles the information as it is transmitted to the bank.
Encryption scrambles the information moving between two computers.
Encryption scrambles the transmission.
Encryption Send files across the Internet securely.
Encryption Sitting at a keyboard and browsing the Web gives an illusion of privacy.
Encryption stands in the way.
Encryption stands tough in PC security.
Encryption supplies a greater level of security than locking does.
Encryption takes data and uses a predefined key to jumble the information.
Encryption takes more horsepower than sending data in the clear.
Encryption threatens one project in particular.
Encryption thus is a privacy enhancing technology.
Encryption transforms a message into a ciphertext using an encryption key.
Encryption transforms data into an unreadable form to ensure privacy.
Encryption transforms data into some unreadable form to ensure privacy.
Encryption turns the data into a secret code.
Encryption uses a mathematical formula to decrypt data.
Encryption uses codes based on mathematical algorithms to make communications secure.
Encryption uses mathematical algorithms that substitute strings of numbers for bits of information.
Encryption uses self-selected passwords.
Encryption uses the factoring of large numbers to restrict access to certain files and locations.
Encryption using public or private keys can protect messages from packet sniffers.
Encryption always wins.
Encryption usually requires extra hardware because of the processing power required.
All encryption is performed automatically and transparently on the fly.
Enculturated apes imitate rationally.
An enculturation is social control
Enculturation does two things.
Enculturation is the key to a more balanced, well-rounded individual.
Enculturation is the process of learning one's first and original culture.
Enculturerated chimpanzees imitate rationally.
Encumbered characters move at a snails pace as well, making the game a logistical nightmare.
An encumbrance is worry
Encumbrances are always debits.
Encumbrances are charge.
Encumbrances are estimates only for taxes.
Encumbrances are unfilled purchase orders.
Encumbrances differ from expenditures in that no transfer of funds has taken place.
Encumbrances have debit balances and can never be less than zero.
Encumbrances Indicate Please Encumber if the purchase amount is to be encumbered.
Encumbrances prevent overdrawing funds.
Encumbrances reduce the available balance of an account.
Encumbrances reduce the balance of the available appropriated funds in a particular organization.
Encumbrances relate to only claims for money or security interest in the servient estate.
Encumbrances represent commitments related to unperformed contracts for goods or services.
Encumbrances See Commitments.
Some encumbrances can still show as open and have a zero balance.
An encyclopaedia is a reference
Encyclopaedias are simply too small.
Encyclopaedias provide a condensed overview of every branch of a subject.
An encyclopedia is a reference
Encyclopedia contain information about many thing.
Encyclopedia isa book.
Encyclopedias are a good source to use to find basic information about a country.
Encyclopedias are a great source for background information on a topic.
Encyclopedias are a great source of knowledge.
Encyclopedias are a simple form of hypertext.
Encyclopedias are a type of information resource that contains overviews of a variety of subjects.
Encyclopedias are also available in French and Spanish.
Encyclopedias are also good for looking up facts.
Encyclopedias are always a good place to start.
Encyclopedias are an excellent source of background information.
Encyclopedias are an excellent starting point for research.
Encyclopedias are excellent for gaining a general understanding of a subject.
Encyclopedias are excellent sources of basic information on a subject.
Encyclopedias are excellent works to consult for a general working knowledge of a subject.
Encyclopedias are good for the purpose.
Encyclopedias are helpful here.
Encyclopedias are in alphabetical order and come in book or electronic form.
Encyclopedias are in the second row of the Reference Stacks.
Encyclopedias are interactive documents.
Encyclopedias are located in libraries.
Encyclopedias are now familiar but other titles are related to the battle.
Encyclopedias are quite similar in terms of their coverage.
Encyclopedias are reference books.
Encyclopedias are reference work.
Encyclopedias are solid academic references.
Encyclopedias are sources of histories and background information on various subject disciplines.
Encyclopedias are summaries of knowledge.
Encyclopedias are too general to be used for anything other than background information.
Encyclopedias are usually excellent sources for overviews.
Encyclopedias are written in the third person because they are supposed to give neutral facts.
Encyclopedias become more valuable in heavily Web-using schools.
Encyclopedias come in different forms.
Encyclopedias contain brief articles on a broad range of topics.
Encyclopedias contain detailed introductory materials explaining how to use the set.
Encyclopedias cover different aspects of a subject.
Encyclopedias differ in their strengths and usefulness.
Encyclopedias feature great works of art.
Encyclopedias have (part) artwork.
Encyclopedias have (part) cartoons.
Encyclopedias have (part) chapters.
Encyclopedias have (part) items.
Encyclopedias have (part) page numbers.
Encyclopedias have (part) paragraphs.
Encyclopedias have (part) sections.
Encyclopedias have (part) word order.
Encyclopedias have information.
Encyclopedias have only enough room to include a certain amount of information about each subject.
Encyclopedias have their place, of course.
Encyclopedias offer general overviews and information for both broad and specific subject areas.
Encyclopedias present an overview of a subject in such a way that a nonspecialist can understand it.
Encyclopedias provide a general overview on a topic.
Encyclopedias provide an overview of knowledge on important subjects.
Encyclopedias provide general informative articles, often with bibliographies.
Encyclopedias provide guidance.
Encyclopedias provide material on almost any subject normally encountered.
Encyclopedias provide overview articles written by experts in their field.
Encyclopedias provide the theoretical underpinnings of a discipline.
Encyclopedias seem to be anything that the author and publisher agree to call by that name.
Encyclopedias often contain biographical material about well-known people of all nationalities.
Encyclopedias often contain information about well-known people.
Encyclopedias often list additional sources at the end of each article.
Encyclopedias often provide a good starting point for background reading on a topic.
Encyclopedias sometimes publish yearbooks which attempt to update the information.
All encyclopedias accessed through the Mt. Ararat web site are subscription services.
All encyclopedias are in the West Reference area.
Many encyclopedias also have articles on extinct or endangered species.
More encyclopedias are in the works for next time, too.
Most encyclopedias also provide citations to additional sources of information.
Most encyclopedias contain many short articles in alphabetical order.
Most encyclopedias have a combination of short entries and longer survey articles.
Most encyclopedias have information.
Most encyclopedias provide guidance.
Some encyclopedias are available in electronic format.
Some encyclopedias cover an area of study such as art, literature, music or science.
Encyclopedic articles provide researchers with a general background on the research topic.
Encyclopedic presentation gives alot of information.
Encyclopedic resource offers details of golfing holidays, driving ranges, courses and shops.
Encysted forms are an increasingly a problem.
Encysted zoospores germinate by producing a thin fungal hypha or thread.
End cap is black walnut with a brass acorn for strap.
End caps are available for a more finished look.
End caps are stainless steel.
End caps close the ends of the planks.
End caps remove for storage of extra hooks, swivels, sinkers, etc.
End consumers pay the sales tax on the products they buy.
End effectors are custom designed to each application.
An end game is an end
End game Use human lens on left, gargish lens on right.
End grain is very difficult to carve.
End moraine is common along the northern edge of the section near Lake Superior.
End moraines are the dominant landform.
End node is like a computer or workstation or bridge.
End nodes send packets directly to the router.
End notes appear at the end of the paper but before the bibliography.
End Notes are more common today, placed either at the end of a chapter or at the end of the book.
End notes contain source information and explanations.
End notes contain source notes and explanations.
End of data is reached, message parsing is completed.
End of Days is definitely in the top two or three worst studio films of the year.
End of file is indicated by a transfer count of zero.
End of file reached or array is filled.
End of line is a particularly troublesome example.
End of summer brings schools of tuna and occasional dolphins.
End of term appears after name of member.
End of term is indicated in parentheses.
End of work means end of wages and buying power.
An end organ is an organ
End organs feel .
End organs feel.
End papers are maps.
End papers feature a map, Caribbean Sea on front, Mediterranean Sea on back.
End papers feature brief lists of major stories in each decade.
End papers feature pictures of gardening tools.
End papers seem fairly new.
End papers show slight tearing at spine.
End plate dies and press lines for unitary air conditioning.
An end point is an end
End point Indicates the time and the last point of the recent price change.
End point taken is highest dilution to give inhibition.
End points are ends.
End points are parameters that describe the speech recognition listening window.
End points are the points where the color is changing most rapidly with titrant volume.
End points are zipcodes.
End points can appear on or off each coordinate.
End points ought to be clinically relevant.
End points remain the same.
End result is a breakdown of cellular membranes and plant death fairly rapidly.
End result is a lot of fun and a meal of one of the sweetest fish available.
End result is a pretty nice photo.
End result is layered rounded grains of sedimentary rocks.
End result is longer service life of the topdressers and higher resale value.
End result is long-term loss of native plants and wildlife, loss of biodiversity.
End result is mass extermination.
End result is some schools win and some schools work very hard for very little return.
End result is that duel federalism is dead.
End result is the Statement of Problem.
End result is to expose more individuals to leadership opportunities in our area.
End result is to have the capability to deliver a comprehensive service package, to our customers.
End results are typically a delivered code tailored to the class of problems desired.
End results can also vary depending on the number chosen for the outcome.
End results can be minor or major.
End rhyme is an experimental technique aimed at pleasing Western readers.
End stations are transparent to the implementation.
End systems use port numbers to select the proper application.
End table allows curved sanding.
End time precedes start time.
End times apply irrespective student arrival time.
End times are accurate.
End times specify the end of the last session for the day.
All end times are approximate.
An end user is an user
End user accesses portal page prior to authentication.
End user agrees to utilize appropriate protocols for all data transmissions.
End user can easily adjust flexibility.
End user can type formula direct or with using visual interface.
End user gets sense of control and there is increased customer service.
End user is advised to have an alternate plan for Internet access in case of major outages.
End user is required to provide proof of purchase.
End user is responsible for independent backup of all such data at a site determined by end user.
End user pays freight.
End users access the interface through most popular Web browsers.
End users access their calendar through any familiar desktop browser.
End users agree.
End users appreciate distributors who act as forms consultants.
End users are able to create and modify their own access control files.
End users are able to develop their own custom reports.
End users are able to enter, track and solve service requests on their own.
End users are able to log on and access what they order on a regular basis at their leisure.
End users are always worried about costs, especially when large networks are involved.
End users are eager for on-line access.
End users are free to use the emulator of their choice.
End users are happy.
End users are individuals with problems and support requests who initiate ARs.
End users are just harder to collect from.
End users are less frustrated and companies see an immediate return on their investment.
End users are notoriously quick to form judgments of services.
End users are responsible for all applicable state and local taxes.
End users are responsible for initiating service request.
End users are responsible for installing and maintaining their own Remedy clients.
End users are responsible for security of their workstations.
End users are responsible for thoroughly evaluating the use application and suitability of purpose.
End users are the primary focus of such system designs.
End users are unlikely to become compiler junkies.
End users are users.
End users begin to reap the full benefit of the features and services provided by the technology.
End users benefit from technology.
End users browse the HTML counterparts using readily available Web browsers.
End users can access and install the plug-in directly.
End users can access the collected data in a consistent format for data analysis.
End users can access the data from the nearest data center or through the host's Web servers.
End users can access the knowledge base from the web.
End users can actually kick the tires of the product and take it for a test drive.
End users can add a review to any link.
End Users can also directly exploit the produced data movement solutions.
End users can also modify text and paragraph formatting options when filling forms.
End users can also view a logical picture of the connected topology.
End users can barely learn basic searching, much less such arcane exotica.
End users can be doctors, payroll clerks, financial analysts and scientists.
End users can buy machines with the click of a mouse.
End users can buy new and used machines with the click of a mouse.
End users can cancel enrollment in our service at any time.
End users can check the status of any message they've sent.
End users can choose any point along each axis and immediately see the effect on selected text.
End users can choose the look at run time.
End users can cost effectively develop optimal IT solutions to satisfy the needs of their business.
End users can display and use thin client-based applications on their desktop PCs.
End users can display different sections of the list by scrolling up or down.
End users can easily fall behind with all the releases.
End users can ensure that the completed application meets expectations.
End users can even customize the interface.
End users can even write their own applications that run on the system.
End users can get the source code for free.
End users can increase mobility, accessibility, personal performance, and customer satisfaction.
End users can look forward to more cost-effective workflow automation.
End users can make some changes to their own information in the directory.
End users can now browse a huge selection of new and used machines with the click of the mouse.
End users can once again initiate new process instances and continue working on existing work items.
End users can perform all software functionality via a web browser and an Internet connection.
End users can request and receive certificates via a set of Web pages.
End users can request library items via email directly from the desired item's record.
End users can run the benchmark without paying licensing fees or building large test setups.
End users can save countless hours evaluating products and services.
End users can send esquires or order requests in the web.
End users can set up conversion tables between different charts of accounts.
End users can submit new links to be added to the index.
End users can switch languages on the fly, from anywhere within the application.
End users can t easily share data among their applications or act on that information.
End users can temporarily pause Agent execution if needed.
End users can then customize the dashboard's content and layout.
End users can then refer to the conference name when they wish to join the conference.
End users can then select from among their assigned host access clients.
End users can therefore shop for the best price from a number of suppliers.
End users can update and maintain their own systems without needing outside help.
End users can use a single data model and query language.
End users can use both intranet and Internet resources conveniently, and with full security.
End users can very easily develop their own processes to quickly meet their own speci c needs.
End users can view and change their voice mail configurations using a Web browser.
End users can view the information in a variety of ways and choose which way best suits their needs.
End users can view, populate, or have full access, depending on their work assignment.
End users can work from any workstation in applications to which they have rights.
End users connect to the internet by way of the Internet service providers.
End users control when bitfiles are written.
End users define recognizers by example.
End users demand new productivity applications.
End users demand products that pack premium features into increasingly compact housings.
End users do the same from simple minimenus.
End users employ a Web browser to maintain their own mailbox settings.
End users enjoy more control over access and use of the product .
End users expect high acting abilities and responsive characters in the prototype.
End users expect thin clients to be reliable, easy to use, and good performers.
End users experience no delays or downtime due to hardware faults or disasters.
End users experiencing system problems can, at times, interpret any issue as a hard drive failure.
End users feel the same way about information systems.
End users fiddle.
End users find it less intimidating when using speech to drive an application.
End users gain access to the power and flexibility of today's networked desktop systems.
End users get a free, quick and convenient means to ticket accessibility.
End users get instant data sharing and improved network performance.
End users get the browser interface.
End users get the fastest and best downloads on the Internet.
End users get user friendly interfaces.
End users have a right to honest open benchmarks they can trust when selecting a product.
End users have access to only the source of full public releases.
End users have access to promotions and offers that are both time and location sensitive.
End users have access to the help files even in the event that the network is down.
End users have awareness.
End users have computers.
End users have many needs for information from a bibliographic service.
End users have nothing to do with it.
End users have real-time access to key Web usage metrics to support business decision making.
End users have single-click access to conferences from their calendar.
End users interact with dataviews directly, datasets.
End users like to be treated with arrogance and contempt.
End users log on via standard Web browsers.
End users make the changes using a Web browser.
End users notice much improved site speed and accessibility.
End users notice no change in response time and system overhead is insignificant.
End users pay to advertise.
End users prefer natural naming and intuitive tools.
End users range from academics and business travelers to consumers and connected professionals.
End users range from prestigious airlines to, literally, crowned heads of state.
End users refer to coordinate systems by key names.
End users report a range of experiences in seeking support.
End users require direct relationships with all members of the value chain.
End users return data on the analyzed clones.
End users run all the major operating systems on our hardware.
End users run reports from client workstations.
End users save money because they can use cheaper boxes on the desktop.
End users see security as a hassle, an obstacle between themselves and their computers.
End users see the finished database as a single hypercube.
End users see the trainer as the source of information, period.
End users select and launch applications from the catalog of custom forms.
End users select software.
End users span the construction industry, serving both the public and private construction sectors.
End users suffer from inaccessible and incompatible metadata locked into individual tools.
End users tend to use computer programs for work and play.
End users trust the company to bill items along with phone calls.
End users undertake browsing and downloading of Internet files at their own risk.
End users use there any browser no downloads or plugins.
End users welcome.
All end users have to do is post a question and wait for providers to reply.
Many end users are also investors in the park.
Many end users are apprehensive about installing new upgrades of software.
Most end users are only comfortable using their machine in a very narrow way.
Most end users are probably best off blocking most traffic, although there are exceptions.
Most end users benefit from technology.
Most end users employ only a small fraction of the available features in an office suite.
Most end users have awareness.
Most end users have computers.
Some end users prefer to use industrial syrettes to apply the material.
End zones are eight yards deep.
An end is an extremity
End add .
End adopt serving freeing info.
End appears almost square.
End Begin MSCommLib.
End Begin MSDataGridLib.
End Begin NWPrtQAdmLib.
End Begin NWSessLib.
End bend around most condition once trust jfc.
End bud much larger than side ones, with many loose scales.
End caps flare at bottom to form no-tip feet.
End Click on any image below to be whisked away to the casino's web site in a new browser window.
End Click on picture for more information . . .
End Click on to save a plan.
End contains graphic footage of what man has done to damage or eliminate estuaries.
End dates default to today.
End educate within an honey than claims badminton nets.
End fed antennas are advanced technology.
End fussing over who sits in the front seat - no one rides in the front.
End gives our Nuts and Bolts writing advice in a nutshell.
End Go to last image.
End Go to the end of the current document and display the last part of the last page.
End Go to the last page of the status display.
End Goes to end of current line.
End Has a proper endian-ness independent GIOP decoder.
End hide from older browsers.
End is encountered.
End is folded and sewn to fit most winch drums.
End is in danger of being terminated for common usage, and closure is the culprit.
End is in sight.
End is like saying end here.
End is radiused to fit instrument contour better.
End is solid to insert over nipple.
End is to service our people, to deliver service to our people.
End is used to place the order.
End is within, then the finally clause is executed first, before the except clause is executed.
End justifies the means.
End meet about whatever decorating teen bedroom.
End Move the cursor to the end of the line.
End Move to the end of the line.
End moves cursor to the end of the line.
End Moves the cursor to the LAST menu selection or data-entry field.
End Moves the text cursor to the right end of the line.
End notes only Absolutely no footnotes.
End offers trails for nature study, cross-country skiing, and, by permission, horseback riding.
End provide product simple finest providing rest Internet.
End reading Student within waggon through few kidney dialysis hence bind behind the storm.
End reading Student within waggon through few kidney disease hence bind behind the storm.
End reading Student within waggon through few kidney malfunction hence bind behind the storm.
End remove .
End rows if nothing else.
End rows present a problem.
End Run a deep slant out pattern.
End Select the last field in a record.
End stops make lines less gloomy.
End Stops the program.
End tags close a section of markup.
End takes on an angle.
End threads on back with a small knot into background fabric behind the design.
End thus ends another odd night of debauchery and drunkness.
End Try for firstFailureHandler.
End try unto most coal therefore fill arctic cat snowmobile.
End uses as loose-fill packaging material.
End uses for crystal polystyrene include compact disc cases.
End uses in restaurant, nursing home, hospital, school and prison kitchens.
End uses The major breakdown of end uses is illustrated in the figure.
End View the Last page of the document.
End wear kinky clothes of story.
End works just the same going forwards through the file.
Ends are books.
Ends are boundaries.
Ends are capitate, bluntly rounded.
Ends are closed to eliminate trapper welding.
Ends are consumer preference.
Ends are contributions.
Ends are endings.
Ends are extremities.
Ends Are Forever was financed by the band, produced by the band, and marketed by the band.
Ends are free, subjective, and arbitrary.
Ends are irrational, i.e., they neither require nor are capable of a rational justification.
Ends are linemans.
Ends are merely an absurd and often tragic milieu for intents.
Ends are part of events.
Ends are parts.
Ends are points.
Ends are results and are defined in terms of costs or priorities.
Ends are states.
Ends are surfaces.
Ends are the objectives or goals which society wants to achieve.
Ends are to be squared and ground.
Ends are twisted fringes which secure and protect the warp.
Ends become centers, and centers become ends to form a new quarter tag formation.
Ends broadly capitate, blunt or flatly rounded.
Ends can be open or closed.
Ends can justify no means.
Ends cause ends.
Ends circulate while the centers trade.
Ends come to points.
Ends come with an adapter for tubing measured in millimeters or inches.
Ends drive mapping clutter and simplifies login scripts.
Ends explain what the law is civilly disobeyed for.
Ends feel 'unsupported' by their Middles.
Ends have a leather braid lasso.
Ends have a tooled diamond cut pattern.
Ends have cup points for positive torque.
Ends justify any means.
Ends justify means.
Ends spell as England coach for family reasons.
Ends tranquil and subdued.
Ends turn over their right shoulder and all clash in line.
Ends often lack the uniformity of the adjacent cuts.
Ends sometimes curl up.
All ends are bare wire.
All ends are taper machined to reduce turbulence.
Every end can become a means to a higher end.
Every end has a beginning.
Every end is a new beginning.
Most ends are themselves means to further ends.
Endangered dictatorship is the most dangerous dictatorship.
Most endangerment today occurs as a result of man.
An endangerment is danger
Endangerment is a message already received.
An endarterectomy is ablation
Endarterectomies are ablation.
Endarterectomy is an effective operation when performed in selected patients by skilled surgeons.
All endcap blocks are rectangular.
An endearment is an action
Endearments are free.
Endearments ease the deal.
An endeavor is a project
Endeavors are underway in a number of areas.
Endeavors is a magazine which offers a look inside the world of research and creativity at Carolina.
Endeavors is geared towards non-technical as well as technical users.
Endeavors separates object behavior from object state allowing behaviors to be specified separately.
Endeavors succeed or fail because of the people involved.
Endeavors succeed or fail because of their people.
All endeavors contain some level of risk.
All endeavors require time, energy, pain and suffering.
Every endeavor begins with a thought.
Every endeavor is covered by some sort of fault, just as fire is covered by smoke.
Every endeavor is made to ensure every training simulation scenario is as realistic as possible.
Every endeavor is serious.
Every endeavor requires land, capital, organization, and labor.
Many endeavors have different levels of sponsorship.
Many endeavors require the maintenance of conjoined parallel versions for different audiences.
Most endeavors require a full brain.
Some endeavors just take time and people, and there's no way around it.
Some endeavors take longer than others to come to fruition.
Endeavour is an activity
Endeavour lifts off.
Endeavour soars into a clear blue sky.
Endeavours succeed or fail because of the people involved.
Any endeavour can list here.
Every endeavour is made to cooperate and participate with other churches in the town.
Every endeavour is made to ensure that flights depart on time.
Every endeavour is made to keep up with current technologies and educational developments.
Every endeavour is made to supply up to date information.
Endemic areas appear to be Central and East Africa.
Many endemic birds are exclusive to evergreen and shola forests.
Endemic corruption cripples society with devastating consequences.
Endemic corruption darkens prospects for consolidation of democratic and economic reforms.
Endemic countries have to use scarce hard currency on drugs, nets and insecticides.
Endemic goiter is due to dietary iodine insufficiency.
Endemic onchocerciasis occurs in rural areas.
Endemic organism is a special organism in a area.
Endemic plants are native to a particular place and found only there.
Endemic species are animals and plants that live in only one region of the world.
Endemic species are species found no where else.
Endemic species are species that are found only on oceanic islands.
Endemic species occupy open expanses of water, they like clean and cold water.
Many endemic species have a limited georgraphic range, such as a single island.
Many endemic species occur.
Most endemic species are restricted to freshwater habitats, mainly in eastern forested regions.
Endemic syphilis is prevalent in arid areas of the Middle East and Africa.
Endemic types are most likely to develop on islands because they are isolated .
Endemic types are most likely to develop on islands because they are isolated.
Endemic typhus is an infectious disease
Endemic typhus is carried by fleas.
Endemic typhus occurs most commonly in warm, coastal regions.
Endemic willows have thicker cuticles than their widespread progenitors.
An endemic is a plant
Endemics affect fire ant populations at low levels all of the time.
Endemics are diseases.
Endemics are important to understand in infectious diseases.
Endemics are plants.
Endemics belong to genera abundantly represented in the regional flora.
Endemics can easily become endangered or extinct because of only living in a small area .
Endemics can easily become endangered or extinct because of only living in a small area.
Endemics result from several natural processes.
Many endemics exist on Caribbean islands or isolated mountain chains.
An endemism is quality
Endemism can also occur over very small areas, such as on mountain tops or around mound springs.
Endemism describes species that are native to a particular geographic area or continent.
Endemism is high in both Forests.
Endemism is high in the area, with a high diversity of epiphytes.
Endemism is limited due to the absence of natural barriers in the region.
Endemism is very high, particularly in the Atlantic forests.
Endemism signifies unique biodiversity.
Endemism often occurs in areas which because of biogeographical reasons have been isolated.
Endemism usually occurs in areas that are isolated in some way.
Endergonic reaction is chemical reaction.
Endergonic reactions are energy-storing reactions.
Endergonic reactions are important to many cell processes.
Endergonic reactions require an energy input.
Endergonic reactions require an input of energy.
Endergonic reactions result in products with more energy than the reactants had.
Endersby soils are neutral to moderately alkaline and lack mottles in the control section.
An endgame is an end
Endgame delivers that basic formula, but never attempts to go beyond it.
Endgame is a condensed look at human relationships compressed by absurdity - explosive in result.
Endgame is a disappointing film.
Endgame is a term used in chess.
Endgame is probably the worst movie ever made.
Endgame is so bare and carefully arranged as it is.
Endgame is the fourth sequel to a film designed to stand alone.
Endgames are beautiful.
Endgames are ends.
Endian files are the default.
Ending is the final stage of a relationship.
Ending isa part.
Ending isa portion.
Ending leaves the readers hanging.
Ending seems too quick, unresolved.
Endings are a special problem for Hollywood, for two reasons.
Endings are also beginnings.
Endings are always at the unison or octave.
Endings are beautiful, non-sensical conclusions or short, sweet and final 'The Ends'.
Endings are beginnings and beginnings are endings.
Endings are but beginnings.
Endings are events.
Endings are happening.
Endings are hard.
Endings are hardest in outer space.
Endings are important.
Endings are Important.
Endings are just beginnings.
Endings are last things.
Endings are morphemes.
Endings are never easy and are always accompanied by grief and pain.
Endings are new beginnings.
Endings are only beginnings in disguise.
Endings are preludes to regeneration and new beginnings.
Endings are rather obvious.
Endings are regular.
Endings are significant parts of the tale.
Endings are tricky business.
Endings are usually sad, But it's the middle that counts.
Endings are usually sad, but it's what's in the middle that counts.
Endings can give a clue.
Endings carry seeds of new beginnings.
Endings cause sadness.
Endings commence new life, new worlds.
Endings define our lot as squaw or swain.
Endings distinguish fictional worlds from real ones.
Endings dominate our thinking when the transition involves a major loss, like a job or a spouse.
Endings indeed commence new life, new worlds.
Endings make beginnings possible.
Endings make the circumstances of the beginnings regrettable.
All endings can vary between hard and soft variants depending on the consonant.
Every ending has a beginning, which is why it unfolded that way.
Every ending is a beginning.
Every ending is a new beginning.
Every ending is always a new beginning.
Every ending is happy.
Many endings then begin with back versus front vowels.
Endless cars rest sullenly underneath the mystical mountain.
Endless choices are available for the fashion forward.
Endless combats strengthened by the duties of blood feuds perpetuate warlike customs.
Endless criticisms lose meaning, and the public has no basis for judging good from bad.
Endless data is collected for marketing advantage.
Endless days Visiting reporters are the only people who are impressed by the gas flare.
Endless debates abound on the issue of public transport for disabled people.
Endless deliberation is the most common stumbling block to happiness and success.
Endless drawings give the answers.
Endless effects are possible.
Endless flocks return from the sea with food for waiting mates or nestlings.
Endless harvest rains so the best are no more than pleasant.
Endless information requires endless space.
Endless introspection strives to neutralize the mounting guilt felt by the mother.
Endless legends surround the origins of the New Year festival.
Endless line symbolizes eternity.
Endless logorrhea torments one's nerves.
Endless moments pass.
Endless money forms the sinews of war.
Endless opportunities await the creative who want to make new patterns.
Endless opportunities awaits the adventurer.
Endless opportunities exist for such worldly nibbles.
Endless opportunities exist for the integration of technology.
Endless opportunity begins here.
Endless pollutants continue to be discovered that have serious environmental impacts.
Endless possibilities abound, limited only by imagination.
Endless possibilities exist.
Endless possibilities is a more realistic model representing life's twists and turns.
Endless products make a real, positive difference in the quality and length of human life.
Endless research confirms the serious damage which smoking can cause.
Endless sameness is one reason prepared liquid diets work well for many people.
Endless searches are a thing of the past.
Endless skies are an innocent blue, and can send havoc to a peaceful scene.
Endless snakes symbolize endless problems.
Endless software upgrades.
Endless stories bring a lifetime full of lies.
Endless stories surround the thousands of different rose varieties that adorn our modern gardens.
Endless talk is boring.
Endless trails provide outdoor activities for everyone to explore the beautiful Front Range region.
Endless travel is a way of disguising inner emptiness.
Endless variations exist.
Endless varieties are possible.
Endless variety is possible, particularly with fine-tuning.
Endless work drives people away.
Endless work is our lot in life.
Endobronchial implantation boosts the dose of radiation to the tumor.
Endocardial cells begin to form the myocardium .
Endocarditis precautions are necessary for life.
Endocarditis prophylaxis is recommended except for 'fillings above the gum line'.
Endocervical curettage is an uncomfortable and costly procedure.
Endocervical curettage is necessary because endocervical carcinoma can missed by endometrial biopsy.
Endocervical epithelium is composed of normal columnar mucus secreting cells.
Endocervical polyps are more likely to bleed than their ectocervical counterparts.
Endochondral ossification entails the conversion of a cartilaginous template into bone.
Endochondral ossification occurs within cartilage bone models, and occurs in most bones of the body.
Endochrondal bone forms the long bones from cartilaginous precursors.
Endocrine cells appear to be very important in the local regulation of the laryngeal mucosa.
Endocrine cells are the cells that secrete hormones.
Endocrine cells produce hormones that travel through the blood to reach all parts of the body.
Endocrine cells secrete hormones.
Endocrine diseases lend themselves to thorough pathophysiological studies.
Endocrine disorders associated with defective spermatogenesis are uncommon.
Some endocrine disorder involves hypersecretions.
Endocrine disruption is a major endpoint of concern for pesticide registrants as well.
Endocrine disruption is a maze.
Endocrine dysfunction is present and results in diabetes and loss of menstrual cycles in women.
An endocrine gland is a gland
Endocrine glands are a group of glands in the body which secrete hormones .
Endocrine glands are glands.
Endocrine glands are part of endocrine systems.
Endocrine glands are small and are located throughout the body.
Endocrine glands are tones, promoting psychological and physical health.
Endocrine glands are very important despite their small size since they make important hormones.
Endocrine glands can release chemical messages, as well.
Endocrine glands have liberal blood supplies to help distribute released hormones.
Endocrine glands lack ducts and so secrete their hormones directly into the blood.
Endocrine glands produce and regulate levels of hormones in the blood.
Endocrine glands produce hormones and are secrete directly into the blood or fluid around cells.
Endocrine glands produce more hormones. . .
Endocrine glands regulate levels.
Endocrine glands release chemicals into the blood which tell parts of the body to do certain jobs.
Endocrine glands release hormones.
Endocrine glands secrete chemical substances.
Endocrine glands secrete directly into the blood.
Endocrine glands secrete hormones.
Endocrine glands secrete products.
Endocrine glands secrete substances.
Most endocrine glands regulate levels.
Most endocrine glands release hormones.
Endocrine hormones affect functions.
Endocrine hormones affect kidney functions.
Endocrine hormones release into circulatory fluid.
Endocrine hormones release into fluid.
Endocrine hormones travel throughout the body in the blood.
Most endocrine hormones affect functions.
Most endocrine hormones affect kidney functions.
Most endocrine hormones release into circulatory fluid.
Most endocrine hormones release into fluid.
Endocrine organs are ductless glands that secrete hormones into the bloodstream.
Endocrine organs make hormones .
Some endocrine organs produce hormone melatonin.
Some endocrine organs produce melatonin.
Some endocrine organs respond to nervous stimuli.
Endocrine Pathology Sectioning through a lobe of excised thyroid gland reveals papillary carcinoma.
An endocrine system is a system
Endocrine system ageing The endocrine system is particularly sensitive to age.
Endocrine system has the glands most closely involved with the stress response.
Endocrine systems are body parts.
Endocrine systems are organ systems.
Endocrine systems are part of bodies.
Endocrine systems are systems.
Endocrine systems can use either water soluble or hydrophobic signals.
Endocrine systems coordinate and regulate internal communication in cellular organisms.
Endocrine systems release hormones that act as chemical messengers.
Endocrine tumors produce excessive hormones that affect other parts of the body.
Some endocrine tumors produce excessive hormones.
Some endocrine tumors produce hormones.
An endocrine is a gland
Endocrine disrupting chemicals damage reproductive organs and cause learning disabilities.
Endocrine disrupting chemicals have great potential to cause a lot of concern to the public.
Endocrine disrupting chemicals have the potential to alter or mimic hormones.
Endocrine disrupting chemicals interfere with normal hormone system functions.
Endocrine disrupting chemicals interfere with the activity of hormones within the body.
Endocrine disrupting chemicals violate a basic assumption of toxicology and modern risk assessment.
Endocrine means something that is made by cells and released 'into' the blood or tissue.
Endocrine signaling refers to the secretion of a molecule into general circulation.
Endocrinological evidence is shown by the increased secretion of androgen, especially testosterone.
Endocrinological problems associated with neurofibromatosis are common.
An endocrinologist is a specialist
Endocrinologists absolutely HATE sliding scales.
Endocrinologists also develop new drugs and treatments through biogenetic and synthetic techniques.
Endocrinologists also specialize in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Endocrinologists are doctors.
Endocrinologists are experts in male reproductive hormones and sperm development.
Endocrinologists are specialists of internal medicine or pediatrics .
Endocrinologists are specialists.
Endocrinologists are specially trained physicians who diagnose diseases related to the glands.
Endocrinologists assist patients in managing their diabetes.
Endocrinologists care for patients with complex hormonal disorders and metabolic conditions.
Endocrinologists help patients get their hormonal levels back in balance.
Endocrinologists specialize in the treatment of low testosterone.
Endocrinologists specialize in treating and preventing bone loss and preventing fractures.
Endocrinologists study how the endocrine systems regulate growth and body functions.
Endocrinologists treat diabetics as well as patients with thyroid, adrenal, or pituitary disease.
Endocrinologists treat diseases affecting the metabolism of the human body.
Endocrinologists treat patients who suffer from obesity due to metabolic and hormonal problems.
Endocrinologists usually have considerable experience in managing patients with hirsutism.
Most endocrinologists see patients every two months throughout the pregnancy.
Some endocrinologist suggest all children be evaluated.
Some endocrinologists believe that one in four women have an underactive or overactive thyroid.
Some endocrinologists work solely as research physicians.
An endocrinology is medicine
Endocrinologies are medicine.
Endocrinology also involves study of the diseases of the endocrine system.
Endocrinology deals with the role of hormones in regulating bodily functions.
Endocrinology Discuss the physiology of selected hormones.
Endocrinology Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Endocrinology impacts nearly all fields of biology so the topic field is wide open.
Endocrinology involves caring for the person as well as the disease.
Endocrinology is a tough science on a good day.
Endocrinology is study of the endocrine glands which produce hormones.
Endocrinology is the perfect example.
Endocrinology is the scientific discipline that studies hormones and the endocrine system.
Endocrinology is the study of organs that produce hormones involved in fertility and reproduction.
Endocrinology is the study of the endocrine organs.
Endocrinology is the study of the endocrine system in the human body.
Endocrinology provides the basic information on which much of pharmacology is based.
Endocrinology Review the complete anatomy, histology and embryology of the endocrine glands.
Endocytotic vesicles lose their coating and coalesce to form an endosome.
An endoderm is animal tissue
Endoderm gives rise to internal organs, among others.
Endoderm gives rise to the gut, digestive organs and lungs.
Endoderm isa tissue.
Endoderms have (part) corpi.
Endodermal cells can lead to solute exclusion OR concentration .
All endodermal derivatives stem from the first endodermal derivative, the archenteron.
Endodermal precursors can organize secondary axial structures in the sea urchin embryo.
Endodontic files come in various lengths and diameters.
Many endodontic lesions exist asymptomatically, yet still represent signs of infection.
Endodontic office seeks a warm, caring, responsible person with good communication skills.
Endodontic treatment can occasionally involve unscheduled emergency visits.
Endodontic treatment involves removal of the damaged pulp.
Endodontic treatment is necessary when the pulp becomes inflamed or infected.
An endodontist is a dentist
Endodontists are dental specialists who diagnose and treat oral and facial pain.
Endodontists are dental specialists who diagnose and treat oral pain.
Endodontists are dentists.
Endodontists are specialists.
Endodontists are the dental specialists who perform root canal treatment.
Endodontists perform only endodontic procedures in their specialty practices.
Endodontists specialize in diseases of the tooth pulp, performing such services as root canals.
Endodontists specialize in root canals and deal with problem teeth all day long.
Endodontists treat diseases of the nerve and other dental tissues.
Endogamous marriage is encouraged as to preserve religious and cultural identity.
Endogenous antioxidants are more efficient in their protective role against diseases.
Endogenous causes are genetic.
Endogenous cortisol maintains alveolar fluid clearance in the guinea pig.
An endogenous depression is a depression
Endogenous depression is by contrast chemical in origin.
Endogenous depression is more likely to be alleviated than are other depressive states.
Endogenous depression is more likely to be alleviated than other depressive states.
Endogenous depression is thought to be related to neurotransmitter deficiency.
Endogenous depression is usually the result of a chemical imbalance in the brain.
Endogenous depression refers to depression that is caused by genetic factors.
Endogenous depression tends to occur in mid-life and is more common in women.
Endogenous depressions are depressive disorder.
Endogenous depressions are more likely to be alleviated than are other depressive states.
Endogenous dopamine regulates phosphate and citrate excretion.
Endogenous epinephrine is produced primarily from norepinephrine in the adrenal medulla.
Endogenous factors are important in determining onset of the critical period.
Endogenous fertility leads the scale of the economy to grow over time.
Endogenous gemmae are released by the breakdown of the surrounding cell.
Endogenous glucocorticoids inhibit neutrophil recruitment to inflammatory sites in cholestatic rats.
Endogenous glucocorticoids protect against cytokine-mediated lethality during virus infection.
Endogenous glycogen is present in tissue as a long term energy storage molecule.
Endogenous growth arises thanks to the accumulation of generation-specific human capital.
Endogenous infections are very widespread and cause women varying degrees of discomfort and pain.
Endogenous melatonin is produced primarily at night in dim light.
Endogenous melatonin is synthesized and released in response to light and dark on the retina.
Endogenous metabolism contributes a larger proportion of urinary oxalate than does dietary intake.
Endogenous pigments can be the product of either normal or abnormal metabolism.
Endogenous processes cause many major landform features.
Endogenous production is erythropoietin appears to be insufficient .
Endogenous production is erythropoietin is clearly insufficient .
Endohedral fullerenes contain one or more atoms in the cage.
Endoluminal balloon causes a higher incidence of early paraplegia.
Endometrial ablation can frequently replace hysterectomy for the treatment of bleeding disorders.
Endometrial ablation destroys the lining of the uterus to stop or reduce menstrual bleeding.
Endometrial ablation involves removal of the uterine lining by burning it away or by vaporizing it.
Endometrial ablation is a first line option in surgical treatment.
Endometrial ablation is a new method for treating heavy bleeding in younger patients.
Endometrial ablation is a procedure which destroys the lining of the uterus.
Endometrial ablation is a safe, effective alternative to hysterectomy.
Endometrial ablation is a special operative hysterectomy for many patients.
Endometrial ablation is actually a concept that s been in use for almost twenty years now.
Endometrial ablation is an outpatient procedure, allowing the patient to go home the same day.
Endometrial ablation is an outpatient procedure, performed in the operating room.
Endometrial ablation is another treatment option that involves laser surgery through hysteroscopy.
Endometrial adenocarcinoma is the most common invasive gynecologic malignancy.
Endometrial adenocarcinomas are cancers that originate in the epithelium of the uterine lining.
Endometrial atrophy is the most common cause of abnormal postmenopausal bleeding.
Endometrial biopsy can reveal uterine cancer , uterine fibroids , uterine polyps , and adenomyosis .
Endometrial biopsy can show a range of endometrial appearances, from mildly proliferate to atrophic.
Endometrial biopsy is planned.
Endometrial cancer can result if estrogen replacement is taken alone, without progesterone.
Endometrial cancer develops in the tissue lining the uterus.
Endometrial cancer develops inside the uterus and is the most curable form of gynecological cancer.
Endometrial cancer is an exception.
Endometrial cancer is cancer of the lining of the uterus.
Endometrial cancer is carcinoma
Endometrial cancer is caused by too much estrogen.
Endometrial cancer is caused in the lining of the uterus and Ovarian cancer in the ovaries.
Endometrial cancer is considered an estrogen-dependent disease.
Endometrial cancer is curable if it's detected at an early enough stage.
Endometrial cancer is diseases.
Endometrial cancer is increased two to three fold in nulliparous women.
Endometrial cancer is more common in white women when compared to black women.
Endometrial cancer is primarily a disease of postmenopausal women.
Endometrial cancer is seen mostly in women between the ages of fifty and seventy.
Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecologic malignancy.
Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecological cancer in the United States.
Endometrial cancer is the most frequent gynecologic cancer in Canada.
Endometrial cancer is thought to be caused by hormone imbalances.
Endometrial cancer occurs more often in patients with increased female hormone.
Endometrial cancer occurs most often in the two decades after the menopause and is rare before it.
Most endometrial cancer presents at an early stage and is highly curable.
Endometrial carcinoma is carcinoma
Endometrial carcinoma is carcinoma.
Endometrial carcinoma is diagnosed .
Endometrial carcinoma is linked to prolonged estrogenic stimulation.
Endometrial carcinoma is the most common female pelvic genital malignancy.
Endometrial carcinoma occurs almost exclusively after the menopause.
Endometrial cells grow outside the uterus.
Endometrial cytology plays an importand role in the diagnosis of pathologic processes in the uterus.
Endometrial hyperplasia can affect the entire uterine lining or only scattered areas.
Endometrial hyperplasia can be mild, moderate, or severe.
Endometrial hyperplasia is a build up of the endometrial lining.
Endometrial hyperplasia is covered as well.
Endometrial lesions can block the fallopian tubes or impair ovulatory function.
Endometrial polyps can be a source of bleeding in many women.
Most endometrial polyps are solitary.
Endometrial secretions are important in the maintenance of early pregnancy in the mare.
Endometrial thickness is measured and the shape of the endometrium is noted.
Endometrial tissue is obtained and sent to pathology for evaluation.
Endometrial tissue is shed each month during menstruation.
Endometrial tissue occurs naturally in the endometrium a layer of tissue lining the uterus.
Endometrial tumours are rare in other species. . .
An endometriosis is pathology
Endometriosis affects each woman differently.
Endometriosis affects many women regardless of race or economic status.
Endometriosis appears to be an estrogen dependent condition.
Endometriosis appears to start as small areas of abnormally situated endometrial lining cells.
Endometriosis becomes inactive during menopause.
Endometriosis can affect different organs.
Endometriosis can also cause infertility.
Endometriosis can also cause pain during sexual activity.
Endometriosis can also occur in almost any organ of the body including the heart and lungs.
Endometriosis can appear as spots or patches called implants, or as cysts on the ovary.
Endometriosis can be a couse of adhesions in the abdominal cavity, fallopian tubes, or the uterus.
Endometriosis can be difficult to deal with.
Endometriosis can be especially painful during a woman's period.
Endometriosis can be extremely painful and in some cases, can cause infertility.
Endometriosis can be horribly painful, but osteoporosis and heart disease can be deadly .
Endometriosis can be mild to severe with symptoms that relate to affected pelvic organs.
Endometriosis can be mild, moderate or severe and tends to get worse over time without treatment.
Endometriosis can be very painful.
Endometriosis can cause adhesions and impair ovulation.
Endometriosis can cause fertility problems.
Endometriosis can cause infertility, as well as ovarian cysts and uterine fibroids.
Endometriosis can cause miscarriages or infertility.
Endometriosis can cause pain during intercourse, a condition called dyspareunia.
Endometriosis can cause pelvic pain.
Endometriosis can cause rectal pain and bleeding, and premenstrual back pain as well.
Endometriosis can cause scar tissue or adhesion formation.
Endometriosis can even lead to infertility.
Endometriosis can form benign cysts on the ovaries called endometriomas.
Endometriosis can grow with hormonal stimulation and cause pain, inflammation, and scar tissue.
Endometriosis can have a negative effect on a woman s ability to conceive a child.
Endometriosis can have many appearances, from very obvious to extremely subtle.
Endometriosis can involve the uterus and it can involve the areas around the uterus.
Endometriosis can occur at any time from the onset of menstrual periods until the menopause.
Endometriosis can occur at anytime between the onset of puberty and the conclusion of menopause.
Endometriosis can only occur after menstruation begins in a woman.
Endometriosis can present in almost any color, shape, size and location.
Endometriosis can prevent pregnancy even if the scarring is minor.
Endometriosis causes both pain and infertility.
Endometriosis causes infertility in a number of ways.
Endometriosis causes pain in some women and can also cause infertility .
Endometriosis causes pain in some women and can also cause infertility. .
Endometriosis causes pain in some women and can also cause infertility.
Endometriosis causes unusually long bleeding periods.
Endometriosis comes in different stages.
Endometriosis develops spontaneously in over half of female baboons.
Endometriosis exists when uterine tissue grows abnormally within the abdominal cavity.
Endometriosis has a higher incidence among Caucasians than among people of African descent.
Endometriosis has many visual appearances.
Endometriosis Help Information about symptoms, diagnosis and treatment.
Endometriosis implants One cm.
Endometriosis involves the presence of tissue similar to the uterine lining in abnormal locations.
Endometriosis irritates surrounding tissue and can produce web-like scar tissue known as adhesions.
Endometriosis is a benign condition but one that can cause a lot of problems.
Endometriosis is a chronic condition that has reproductive and health consequences.
Endometriosis is a chronic condition that occurs in women during their reproductive years.
Endometriosis is a chronic, recurring disease, often associated with infertility.
Endometriosis is a common cause of abnormal bleeding and secondary dysmenorrhea.
Endometriosis is a common cause of female infertility.
Endometriosis is a common cause of infertility.
Endometriosis is a common cause of pain.
Endometriosis is a common problem among women during their reproductive years.
Endometriosis is a common yet poorly understood disease.
Endometriosis is a common, yet poorly understood disease.
Endometriosis is a condition that causes male infertility.
Endometriosis is a condition that often passes from mother to daughter.
Endometriosis is a difficult condition to deal with alone.
Endometriosis is a disease of unknown cause that primarily affects women of reproductive age.
Endometriosis is a disease of women.
Endometriosis is a disease that afflicts girls and women during their reproductive years.
Endometriosis is a disease which can certainly be overcome with treatment.
Endometriosis is a disease which is chronic and painful.
Endometriosis is a genetic condition.
Endometriosis is a gynecological disease affecting women in their reproductive years.
Endometriosis is a leading cause of infertility in women.
Endometriosis is a long-standing disease that often develops slowly .
Endometriosis is a long-standing disease that often develops slowly.
Endometriosis is a major cause of fertility problems in women.
Endometriosis is a major cause of secondary dysmenorrhea.
Endometriosis is a major women's health-care problem.
Endometriosis is a menstrual related disease that is the leading cause of infertility.
Endometriosis is a mostly hidden disease that has doctors foxed.
Endometriosis is a possibility.
Endometriosis is a progressive disorder.
Endometriosis is a puzzling disease affecting an estimated five million women in the United States.
Endometriosis is a puzzling disease affecting women in their reproductive years.
Endometriosis is a puzzling disease that affects women in their reproductive years.
Endometriosis is a sometimes bizarre disorder.
Endometriosis is a terrible disease for many reasons.
Endometriosis is a troubling disease that affects millions of women worldwide.
Endometriosis is a very scary disease.
Endometriosis is also a leading cause of infertility in women.
Endometriosis is also responsibly for most cases of infertility.
Endometriosis is an abnormal growth of uterine tissue outside the uterus.
Endometriosis is an estrogen-dependent disease.
Endometriosis is an immunological and hormonal disease with no known cure.
Endometriosis is an organ dependent-disease.
Endometriosis is another benign condition that affects the uterus.
Endometriosis is another estrogen-dependent disease.
Endometriosis is clearly an estrogen-dependent disease.
Endometriosis is considered a chronic condition in mainstream medicine.
Endometriosis is considered one of the three major causes of female infertility.
Endometriosis is cured by menopause.
Endometriosis is extremely rare prior to puberty and after the menopause.
Endometriosis is found most commonly in women who have never borne children.
Endometriosis is highly unpredictable.
Endometriosis is known to be a hormone-dependent disease.
Endometriosis is often the cause.
Endometriosis is one of the leading causes of infertility among women.
Endometriosis is one of the most common reasons for pelvic pain and infertility.
Endometriosis is one of the most common reproductive tract disorders for women of childbearing age.
Endometriosis is one of the three major causes of female infertility.
Endometriosis is one such disease in which TIMP expression is reduced.
Endometriosis is quite another problem.
Endometriosis is responsible for a substantial proportion of cases.
Endometriosis is seen mostly in women in their thirties and forties.
Endometriosis is small deposits of the womb lining that are located outside of the womb cavity.
Endometriosis is stimulated by excess estrogen production, but the exact cause is unknown.
Endometriosis is the excess of tissue around the body organs.
Endometriosis is the growth of endometrial tissue outside of the uterus.
Endometriosis is the leading cause of female infertility.
Endometriosis is the leading cause of infertility in women of child bearing age.
Endometriosis is the most common cause of very painful menstrual periods.
Endometriosis is the most common reason for secondary dysmenorrhea.
Endometriosis is the only disease which is treated surgically by removing something else.
Endometriosis is the presence of endometrial tissue in locations outside the uterine cavity.
Endometriosis is traumatic to the surrounding tissue.
Endometriosis is very common.
Endometriosis is very difficult to diagnose because of the vagueness of early symptoms.
Endometriosis occurs in a small percentage of teen-age girls and is much more common in adult women.
Endometriosis occurs when misplaced endometrial cells occur outside the uterus.
Endometriosis occurs when the tissues that normally line the uterus, grow elsewhere in the body.
Endometriosis occurs when tissue normally found in the womb lining is found outside the womb.
Endometriosis See section on uterus.
Endometriosis spontaneously subsides after the menopause as the ovaries become less active.
Endometriosis starts with cells that are wandering in the wrong direction.
Endometriosis starts with pelvic pain in most patients.
Endometriosis strikes many women Endometriosis strikes many women.
Endometriosis synthesizes and secretes a haptoglobin-like protein.
Endometriosis tends to come back, even with treatment ,making it a difficult disease to manage.
Endometriosis tends to get better during pregnancy.
Endometriosis tends to run in families.
Endometriosis transcends all racial, socioeconomic and geographic barriers.
Endometriosis typically affects the reproductive organs and can lead to infertility.
Endometriosises are diseases.
Endometriosises are pathology.
Endometriosis sometimes runs in families.
Endometriosis usually causes pain in the pelvis frequently aggravated by intercourse.
Endometriosis usually causes pelvic pain.
Endometriotic lesions depend upon stimulation by estrogens.
Endometriotic lesions synthesize and secrete a haptoglobin-like protein.
An endometrium is a mucosa
Endometrium is another word for the lining of the uterus.
Endometrium is the Latin name given to the tissue that lines the uterus.
Endometrium is the lining layer of the uterus which sloughs off with each menstruation.
Endometrium is the lining of the uterus.
Endometrium is the technical word used to represent the uterine lining.
Endometrium isa tissue.
Endometrium prepares for pregnancy.
Endometriums are mucous membranes.
Endometriums have (part) corpi.
Some endometriums are part of uteruses.
Some endometriums are part of wombs.
Some endometriums facilitate embryo development.
Endometroid cancer is a specific type of endometrial cancer.
Endomitotic figures are most prominent in the very proximal portion of the gonad.
An endomorph is a person
Endomorphs are considered soft and fat.
Endomorphs are people who tend to put on fat.
Endomorphs are people.
Endomorphs have a rounder, sometimes pear-shaped figure.
Endomorphs have the biggest weigh loss challenges.
Endomorphs have the most fat-storage capacity.
Endomorphs swell into gross obesity.
Endomorphs tend to have a lower metabolic rate.
An endoneurium is connective tissue
Endoneurium is the small amount of collagen that is present between individual axons.
Endoneurium refers to the connective tissue wrapping each individual axon within the nerve.
An endonuclease is nuclease
Endonucleases are enzymes that cut DNA at specific sites defined by nucleotide base sequences.
Endonucleases are potentially lethal weapons.
Endonucleases cleave internal phosphodiester bonds.
An endoparasite is a parasite
Endoparasites enter roots and can live and feed within the root.
Endoparasites exist within the host's body.
Endoparasites live inside a plant or animal.
Endoparasites live inside the body of the host.
Endophytic fungi live asymptomatically and intercellularly within plant tissues.
Endoplasmic reticulum contains tubules or cisternae.
Endoplasmic reticulum has the ability to assemble the lipids needed in making membranes.
Endoplasmic reticulum is a complex network of membranes in the cytoplasm.
Endoplasmic reticulum is a network of tubules, vesicles and sacs that are interconnected.
Endoplasmic reticulum makes up more then half the membrane of the cell.
Endoplasmic reticulums are organelles.
Endoral ultrasonography is better then transcutaneous in tonsillar tumours diagnosis.
An endorphin is a neurochemical
An endorphin is a peptide
Endorphins act as pain inhibitors, which block the pain signal throughout the body.
Endorphins act like morphine and are the body's natural painkillers.
Endorphins act on several areas the brain, particularly the hypothalamus and the limbic system.
Endorphins also appear to share with morphine a potential for addiction or tolerance.
Endorphins also circulate after exercise and other times of pleasure and satisfaction.
Endorphins also play a role in the body's ability to regulate temperature.
Endorphins also reduce pain and induce sexual feelings.
Endorphins also reduce pain.
Endorphins also strengthen the immune system.
Endorphins are a group of proteins made naturally in the brain that help people endure pain.
Endorphins are a group of substances formed within the body that naturally relieve pain.
Endorphins are a. small molecule transmitters.
Endorphins are addictive, especially over time.
Endorphins are another of the chemicals which are thought to produce the feel good factor.
Endorphins are chemical compounds designed to act much as does any pain killer such as morphine.
Endorphins are chemicals that have strong painkilling effects in humans.
Endorphins are endogenous morphine- natural painkillers.
Endorphins are hundreds or even thousands of times more potent than morphine on a molar basis.
Endorphins are like morphine and can be addictive.
Endorphins are morphine-like substances in the brain that relieve feelings of stress and pain.
Endorphins are natural chemicals created in the body, which are involved in pain tolerance.
Endorphins are natural chemicals that seem to act like antidepressants.
Endorphins are natural opiate-like chemicals produced by the brain.
Endorphins are natural opiates of the brain.
Endorphins are natural opiates released by the brain to signal pleasure rather than pain.
Endorphins are natural opiates.
Endorphins are natural pain killers in the body.
Endorphins are natural pain killers.
Endorphins are natural pain relievers produced by the body.
Endorphins are natural painkillers and also appear to affect behaviour.
Endorphins are natural painkillers produced by the body.
Endorphins are natural substances in the body that increase one s sense of well-being.
Endorphins are naturally-occurring opioids.
Endorphins are neuromodulators in that they can effect the rate at which nerves fire.
Endorphins are neurotransmitters that attach to the same receptors in our brains as the opiates.
Endorphins are neurotransmitters that relieve pain and induce euphoria.
Endorphins are one of the body's many pain relief chemicals.
Endorphins are pain killers that are normally produced by the body in response to pain.
Endorphins are pain-killers.
Endorphins are pain-killing chemicals that occur naturally in the brain.
Endorphins are part of the body's natural pain-control network.
Endorphins are peptides.
Endorphins are peptides.
Endorphins are significantly less potent than morphine narcotic.
Endorphins are small-chain peptides that activate our endogenous opiate receptors.
Endorphins are substances in the brain that relieves feelings of stress and pain .
Endorphins are the body s natural painkillers and evoke feelings of well-being, even euphoria.
Endorphins are the body's feel-good hormones that give moods a natural lift.
Endorphins are the body's internal pain regulators.
Endorphins are the body's natural morphine-like chemicals.
Endorphins are the body's natural pain killers.
Endorphins are the body's natural relaxant and pain reliever.
Endorphins are the body's own natural defenses against pain.
Endorphins are the body's own natural pain relievers.
Endorphins are the brain's natural painkillers and also metabolize into serotonin.
Endorphins are the key.
Endorphins are the natural sedatives of the body, and have a calming effect on the horse.
Endorphins are valuable substances which are naturally produced by our body.
Endorphins can further decompose to small fragments, oligomers, which are still active.
Endorphins can help reduce pain.
Endorphins contribute to the runner s high and diminishes pain levels.
Endorphins create feelings of pleasure and joy, and of euphoria.
Endorphins create hallucinations.
Endorphins effect the dopamine pathway that feeds into the frontal lobe.
Endorphins have a morphine-like effect and are sometimes referred to as the body's own opiates.
Endorphins have less ability to reduce pain when serotonin is low.
Endorphins help to improve the circulation of blood. .
Endorphins help to improve the circulation of blood.
Endorphins kick in.
Endorphins play a role in regulating temperature, intestinal function, and appetite.
Endorphins play a role in the system which produces sensations of pain and pleasure.
Endorphins probably contribute to the warm inner glow induced in susceptible chocaholics.
Endorphins produce calming, soothing effects.
Endorphins reduce the sensation of pain and affect emotions.
More endorphins are released in the pituitary gland during times of pain or stress .
More endorphins are released in the pituitary gland during times of pain or stress.
Endorse Cheques Endorse all cheques with a coded endorsement stamp.
Endorsed certificates are fully negotiable and can easily be sold if lost or stolen.
Most endorsement contracts require a minimum of nine clubs to be played.
Most endorsement fields require ten to twenty quarter hours of credit for completion.
Endorsement allows for mutual consent.
Endorsement gives the product instant credibility.
Endorsement is a two step process.
Endorsement is another matter.
Endorsement is commendation
Endorsement is possible.
Endorsement is promotions.
Endorsement is signatures.
Endorsement is support.
Endorsement means active support.
Endorsement only is an option for educators who already hold a master's degree.
Endorsement requires only support of the boycott motion.
Endorsement works from the top down and the bottom up.
Endorsements also can be misleading if consumers consider the endorser to be a relative authority.
Endorsements also provide hints.
Endorsements are also available for middle and secondary licensure areas.
Endorsements are also available in kindergarten and in special education.
Endorsements are among the most effective and profitable ways to gain new customers.
Endorsements are available in a virtually unlimited number of trade areas.
Endorsements are available to close the gaps of coverage created by some of the exclusions.
Endorsements are for every band and any mode.
Endorsements are often apart of the application process.
Endorsements are valid for a three-year period on a calendar year basis.
Endorsements Be sure to list each and every certification course and exam completed.
Endorsements build support for the Earth Charter movement and social change.
Endorsements can be very costly .
Endorsements come in many forms and from many different sources.
Endorsements come with inclusion in the spec.
Endorsements do that instantly.
Endorsements don t seem to be as big a deal in other professions as they do with rock and roll.
Endorsements Find out who's endorsing Nobody and check out all of our links.
Endorsements give graduates increased flexibility.
Endorsements help when trying to convince foundations to give support.
Endorsements merely give the endorsee access to a group of voters.
Endorsements provide clues to the issues a candidate supports.
Endorsements range from six points for major offences to two points for minor offences.
Endorsements range from six points for major offences to two points for minor offenses.
Endorsements range from six points for major offenses to two points for minor offenses.
Endorsements See what key players in the industry are saying about Searching for Alpha .
Endorsements show that respected individuals or organizations support the position being promoted.
Endorsements stretch across a wide range of products and services.
Endorsements vary greatly as to the extent of coverage.
All endorsements are subject to approval and require an additional premium charge.
Any endorsement is truthful and based on factual evidence of efficacy.
Most endorsements extend coverage.
Some endorsements are easier to make than others .
Some endorsements provide extended grade coverage in the endorsement area.
Some endorsements require a road test as well.
An endoscope is an instrument
Endoscopes are available both in the operating room and in the outpatient clinic area.
Endoscopes are either rigid or flexible.
Endoscopes are electrical devices.
Endoscopes can view much of the system down through the throat and up through the colon.
Endoscopes now come in two types.
Endoscopes play an important role in medicine today.
Endoscopic abdominoplasty is an exciting new horizon in cosmetic surgery.
Endoscopic administration allows for treatment of tumors in the esophagus and nasopharynx.
Endoscopic assessment allows cytological studies.
Endoscopic biopsy can determine the presence of the bacteria.
Endoscopic biopsy is the removal of tissue specimens for pathologic examination and analysis.
Endoscopic biopsy is the standard method to confirm a cure.
Endoscopic equipment allows many surgical procedures to be performed on an ambulatory basis.
Endoscopic esophagitis is a frequent finding in both duodenal ulcer and control subjects.
Endoscopic evaluation reveals a massive hemorrhage in the middle part of the duodenum.
Endoscopic evaluation reveals the spectrum from minimal colitis to classic pseudomembranous colitis.
Endoscopic examination is imperative.
Endoscopic examination reveals mucosal ulcerations dispersed throughout a normal-appearing mucosa.
Endoscopic features are a white and yellowish tumor with a smooth surface.
Endoscopic findings are useful in diagnosis of pseudomembranous colitis.
Endoscopic inspection is done under local anesthetic, as an outpatient procedure.
Endoscopic inversion shows a white tumor of soft texture.
All endoscopic photographs are in color.
Endoscopic procedures require special equipment which adds to the cost of the procedure.
Endoscopic resection is a technique used for submucosal fibroids.
Endoscopic resection is the therapy of choice in the appropriate setting.
Endoscopic results depend greatly on experience, which is geographically variable.
Endoscopic retrieval involves retrograde visualization of the urinary tract through the urethra.
Endoscopic surgery demands precision and accuracy.
Endoscopic surgery is a continuously evolving discipline that demands educational diligence.
Endoscopic surgery is a good example.
Endoscopic surgery is curative in most cases.
Endoscopic surgery is less invasive and utilizes a scope.
Endoscopic surgery is more of a team effort than conventional surgery and there is more to see.
Endoscopic surgery requires rethinking the hand-eye relationship and lots of practice.
Endoscopic surgery requires the addition of channels for dissection tools, suction, and irrigation.
Endoscopic sympathectomy is used to treat hyperhidrosis of the upper limb.
Endoscopic techniques reduce the size of incisions for some procedures.
Endoscopic therapy consists of either sclerotherapy or banding.
Endoscopic therapy is a way or reducing variceal bleeding without surgery.
Endoscopic therapy is especially applicable to elderly patients.
Endoscopic therapy is the treatment of choice.
Endoscopic thyroidectomy is a new, highly innovative technique for removing the thyroid gland.
Endoscopic treatment is the preferred method in the pediatric age group.
Endoscopic ultrasound is a useful way to determine the site of the tumor within the bowel wall.
Endoscopic ultrasound is performed by gastroenterologists in a manner similar to routine endoscopy.
Some endoscopy procedures are undoubtedly worthwhile.
Endoscopy is an examination
Most endoscopy is performed on an outpatient basis.
Endoskeleton isa skeleton.
Endoskeletons derive from the mesoderm.
Endoskeletons have (part) arm bones.
Endoskeletons have (part) backbones.
Endoskeletons have (part) bone cells.
Endoskeletons have (part) corpi.
Endoskeletons have (part) ground substances.
Endoskeletons have (part) hip sockets.
Endoskeletons have (part) joints.
Endoskeletons have (part) leg bones.
Endoskeletons have (part) limbs.
Endoskeletons have (part) marrow.
Endoskeletons have (part) mast cells.
Endoskeletons have (part) pelves.
Endoskeletons have (part) rib cages.
Endoskeletons have (part) shoulder blades.
Endoskeletons have (part) shoulder bones.
Endoskeletons have (part) skulls.
Endoskeletons have (part) spines.
Endoskeletons have (part) sterna.
Endoskeletons make up of bones.
Most endoskeletons make up of bones.
Some endoskeletons are made of bones.
Some endoskeletons have exoskeletons.
An endosperm is a reproductive structure
Endosperm is a characteristic food storage tissue in monocotyledon seeds.
Endosperm is a nutritive tissue meant for the development of the embryo.
Endosperm is generally absent.
Endosperm is initially free nuclear but eventually becomes entirely cellular.
Endosperm is present in the seeds.
Endosperm is present.
Endosperm is specialised storage tissue providing nutrients for the embryo when the seed germinates.
Endosperm is specialized storage tissue providing nutrients for the embryo when the seed germinates.
Endosperm is the most important plant product on Earth for humans.
Endosperm is used by the zygote.
Endosperm isa plant part.
Endosperm provides food to the growing embryo.
Endosperm provides nourishment for the embryo.
Endosperm refers to a seed's nutritive tissue, surrounding and absorbed by the embryo.
Endosperm results from a second fertilization event.
Endosperm slightly ruminate .
Endosperm slightly ruminate.
Endosperm thus has an important role within the human diet worldwide.
Endosperm varies between species.
Endosperms are part of seeds.
Endosperms contain starches.
Endosperms have (part) sections.
Endosperms have cell layers.
Endosperms have layers.
Endosperms store food.
Most endosperms have cell layers.
Most endosperms have layers.
Some endosperms contain micronutrient.
Some endosperms contain water.
Some endosperms develop into fruit.
Some endosperms have peculiar taste.
An endospore is a spore
Endospore isa spore.
Endospores allow a cell to survive adverse environmental changes.
Endospores are a means of reproduction.
Endospores are an alternative reproductive method to binary fission.
Endospores are extremely resistant to destruction and require special sterilization methods.
Endospores are for reproduction.
Endospores are hard to eradicate .
Endospores are hard to eradicate.
Endospores are heat sensitive.
Endospores are highly dangerous bio-terrorist weapons .
Endospores are highly dangerous bio-terrorist weapons.
Endospores are less heat resistant.
Endospores are produced by gram-positive bacteria and can lie dormant for years.
Endospores are spores.
Endospores are structures made by bacteria for survival purposes .
Endospores are structures made by bacteria for survival purposes.
Endospores can survive lack of nutrients and water, extreme heat or cold, and most poisons.
Endospores exhibit no signs of life, being described as cryptobiotic.
Endospores form inside the original bacterial cell, as described above.
Endospores have (part) sections.
Endospores help the organism survive hostile environments.
Endospores survive for years in a dormant state.
Most endospores can survive in boiling water.
Some endospores can remain dormant for centuries.
Endosteal thickening is present in the diaphyses of the tubular bones.
Endosymbiotic bacteria are bacteria that live only within specialized host cells.
Endosymbiotic bacteria are subject to founder effect.
Endothelial cell swelling is another histological feature of capillaritis.
Endothelial cells are cells that line internal cavities including blood vessels and glands.
Endothelial cells are fairly flat and pancake-shaped.
Endothelial cells are important targets for a variety of treatment strategies.
Endothelial cells are responsible for corneal clarity and appropriate hydration of the cornea.
Endothelial cells are vital in preventing the clogging and hardening of the arteries.
Endothelial cells can release NO to dilate local blood vessels or endothelin to constrict vessels.
Endothelial cells grow and divide toward organ-forming regions secreting angiogenesis factors .
Endothelial cells have a cobble stone appearance.
Endothelial cells have many complex functions essential to health.
Endothelial cells internalize monoclonal antibody to angiotensin -converting enzyme.
Endothelial cells line the vessel wall and form a tight overlapping barrier to macromolecules.
Endothelial cells make new blood vessels in a process called angiogenesis.
Endothelial cells possess carrier systems to actively transport certain substances into the brain.
Endothelial cells prevent accumulation of lipid hydroperoxides in low-density lipoprotein.
Endothelial cells produce buds off existing blood vessel near the tumor.
Endothelial cells seem to be more affected than neutrophils.
Endothelial cells -These cells form the lining of the blood vessels.
Endothelial cells vary in their organization of TJs.
Endothelial compromise can lead to corneal transplant.
Endothelial damage is the presumed basis for strokes.
Endothelial damage is usually the initiator for platelet aggregation - thrombus formation.
Endothelial damage occurs at the site of coronary artery narrowing.
Endothelial dysfunction is associated with cholesterol levels in the high normal range in humans.
Endothelial dysfunction is characterises atherosclerosis, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus.
Endothelial factors can either increase or decrease tone.
Endothelial function is impaired in patients with essential hypertension.
Endothelial function is measured in vivo in forearm and coronary circulations.
Endothelial proliferation is absent.
Endothelial proliferation is usually absent.
Endothelium removal induces inos in rat aorta in organ culture leading to tissue damage.
An endothelium is epithelial tissue
Endothelium is the inner layer of cells on the inside surface of the cornea.
Endothelium provides a smooth lining to facilitate flow and prevent clotting.
Endotheliums are epitheliums.
Endothermic animals are born much more under developed than ectothermic animals.
Endothermic animals depend on aerobic metabolism for most of their vital functions.
Endothermic animals generate heat.
Endothermic animals have a continually high requirement for food to fuel the heat generation.
Endothermic animals have areas.
Endothermic animals have surface areas.
Endothermic animals rely on themselves to produce their own heat.
Endothermic animals require energy.
Most endothermic animals generate heat.
Most endothermic animals have areas.
Most endothermic animals have surface areas.
Most endothermic animals require energy.
Endothermic hydrocarbons are easier to store and easier to transfer.
Most endothermic organisms are homeothermic, like mammals .
Endothermic reaction can be cold enough to cause frost bite.
Endothermic reaction gives off energy.
Endothermic reaction is chemical reaction.
Endothermic reaction is endergonic reaction.
Endothermic reaction is reaction
Endothermic reaction needs energy.
Endothermic reactions absorb energy.
Endothermic reactions absorb heat.
Endothermic reactions require heat.
Endothermic reactions take in heat.
All endothermic reactions decrease the entropy of the sorroundings.
All endothermic reactions occur spontaneously.
Most endothermic reaction gives off energy.
Most endothermic reaction needs energy.
Some endothermic reaction takes places.
Some endothermic reactions proceed spontaneously.
Endotoxemic animals exhibit changes that are species-specific.
An endotoxin is a toxin
Endotoxins also play an important role in the pathogenesis of gram-negative infections.
Endotoxins are cell wall constituents of bacteria that are absorbed from the gut.
Endotoxins are cell wall constituents of bacteria that are absorbed in the gut.
Endotoxins are components of the cell wall of bacteria.
Endotoxins are components of the cell wall of gram-positive bacteria.
Endotoxins are proteins secreted by prokaryotes.
Endotoxins are toxic components of the bacteria that reside in the intestines of all animals.
Endotoxins are toxins.
Endotoxins can cause health related problems similar to cold and flu-type symptoms.
Endotoxins cause histamine formation and blood platelet function is impaired.
Endotoxins generally act in the vicinity of bacterial growth or presence.
Endotoxins produced by the bacteria are responsible for the symptoms.
Endotoxins released by the anaerobic bacteria cause tissue destruction and bone loss.
Endotoxins stimulate production of cytokines that can produce widespread vasodilation and shock.
Most endotoxins are located in the cell envelope.
Endotracheal intubation facilitates effective and safe delivery of inhalation anesthetics.
Endotracheal intubation is a lifesaving procedure.
Endotracheal intubation is most critical before emergency endoscopy.
Endotracheal intubation is the preferred method to provide assisted positive pressure ventilations.
Endovascular procedures are like operating on the arteries from the inside.
Endovascular surgery is very exciting right now.
Endovascular treatment continues to be promising.
Endovascular treatment is a great benefit to patients suffering from a stroke.
Endowed bursaries are also available.
Endowed fund supports clinical innovation projects.
Endowed funds are another development opportunity which can be pursued now.
Endowed funds are gifts large enough to generate yearly income.
Endowed funds are gifts that are saved and whose interest is used for campus funding.
Endowed funds are moneys obtained as gifts from donors.
Endowed funds are particularly important to colleges and universities because of their permanence.
Endowed funds can grow over time.
Endowed funds provide a permanent source of income for the designated purpose.
Endowed funds provide an ongoing, perpetual source of funding for a program, college, or department.
Endowed funds provide for joint concerts with men's choral groups and orchestra.
Endowed funds provide Western with a stable, reliable source of funding.
Endowed funds stabilize sports programs for the future.
Endowed funds support the academic curriculum, students and faculty.
Endowed gifts are an enduring tribute to the beliefs and values of the donor.
Endowed gifts are different than, yet work in tandem with annual fund contributions.
Endowed gifts provide exceptional flexibility.
Endowed money is invested, and the returns are distributed to university programs annually.
Endowed positions are fully funded faculty positions within specific departments.
Endowed professorships are a lasting legacy which attract and help retain a high quality faculty.
Endowed professorships are the best way to attract and retain outstanding faculty.
Endowed professorships are the most significant awards bestowed upon tenured faculty.
Endowed professorships continue to be among the university's highest fundraising priorities.
Endowed professorships have exactly the same function.
Endowed scholarships are a major assistance to help our students afford their education.
Endowed scholarships are also critical to universities, for they provide funds in perpetuity.
Endowed scholarships are also important to many of our donors .
Endowed scholarships are an excellent way to honor a family member or remember of loved one.
Endowed scholarships are available each year.
Endowed scholarships are available.
Endowed scholarships are funds given to the college by alumni and donors.
Endowed scholarships are important because they provide a permanent funding source for scholarships.
Endowed scholarships are self-sustaining and maintain their own identities for reporting purposes.
Endowed scholarships are the most common form of endowment.
Endowed scholarships ensure the perpetuity of both the gift and donor recognition.
Endowed scholarships form part of a student's financial aid package.
Endowed scholarships have a separate policy and procedure document.
Endowed scholarships is another possibility.
Endowed scholarships provide a permanent fund that is invested to generate annual earnings.
An endowment fund is capital
Endowment fund covers administrative costs and operational costs.
Endowment fund is a permanent fund.
Endowment funds are a subset of institutional funds.
Endowment funds are assets that provide support to the school in perpetuity.
Endowment funds are common in charitable activities.
Endowment funds are the lifeblood of a great university.
Endowment funds are unique and require special investment and distribution policies.
Endowment funds are wonderful ways to support a school, department or unit on campus.
Endowment funds come from a variety of sources.
Endowment funds contribute annual operating income to the organization forever.
Endowment funds contribute to the annual operating budget forever.
Endowment funds function as the institution's long-term investment portfolio.
Endowment funds offer special opportunities to remember a loved one or honor a family name.
Endowment funds provide a vital element of stability in an environment of fluctuating state support.
Endowment funds represent funds that are subject to restrictions of gift instruments.
Endowment funds represent gifts that keep on giving generation after generation.
Endowment funds secure an organization's future.
Endowment funds tend to be more immune to political or economic influences than liquid assets.
Most endowment funds come from gifts that donors have stipulated be used for a specific purpose.
Endowment insurance combines life insurance with savings.
Endowment insurance is life assurance
Endowment policies are relatively low-risk but very inflexible.
An endowment is natural ability
Endowment defines charitable gifts permanently invested for current and future needs.
Endowment defines irrevocable charitable gifts permanently invested for growth and income.
Endowment is a gift that continues to give to the college.
Endowment is a gift that keeps on giving.
Endowment is a key indicator of stability and long-term growth.
Endowment is a permanent fund from which earned income is spent.
Endowment is a pool of invested funds that generates steady, ongoing income for an institution.
Endowment is a university's financial bedrock.
Endowment is a wonderful thing for a nonprofit organization.
Endowment is crucial to becoming a premier institution of higher education.
Endowment is for everyone.
Endowment is fundamental to a great university's financial strength.
Endowment is needed to provide student internships, research opportunities and laboratories.
Endowment is one of the key measures of an institution's strength.
Endowment is the answer.
Endowment is the gift that makes a lasting difference.
Endowment is the most solid of investments in higher education.
Endowment makes the successful achievement of any college's mission that much easier.
Endowment needs vary according to the funding requirements of each academic unit.
Endowment pays operating costs and sometimes a small patient stipend on dismissal.
Endowment provides a perpetual source of income to underwrite and sustain college programs.
Endowment provides a steady stream of income, in perpetuity, to support the collections.
Endowment provides reliable income from principal.
Endowment serves as a long-term.
Endowments also reflect their donors.
Endowments are a combination of life assurance and savings.
Endowments are a vital component of the library's acquisitions budget.
Endowments are another mechanism for providing steady long-term financial support for conservation.
Endowments are at the very core of the American system of independent higher education.
Endowments are candles aglow with promise.
Endowments are capital.
Endowments are crucial to help a school pay for the facility improvements that attract students.
Endowments are donations used for long-term investments.
Endowments are funds in which the principle is never diminished.
Endowments are funds that are set aside in perpetuity.
Endowments are gifts that guarantee the future.
Endowments are gifts that keep on giving.
Endowments are giving.
Endowments are initially more costly.
Endowments are natural ability.
Endowments are one of the most important ways universities have to build and retain faculty.
Endowments are particularly popular with retirees because the returns are tax-free.
Endowments are permanent funds from which only the income is used.
Endowments are permanent gifts.
Endowments are permanent.
Endowments are reserves of corporate and private donations universities invest to make money.
Endowments are self-generating money machines.
Endowments are special kinds of gifts.
Endowments are the funding foundation of a university.
Endowments are the life-blood of private colleges and universities.
Endowments are the mechanism through which great universities become preeminent.
Endowments are truly gifts that live forever.
Endowments are vitally important to libraries.
Endowments are worth considering.
Endowments can also support lecture series, special educational projects, and professorships.
Endowments can benefit the library in many ways.
Endowments can even pay for building maintenance or campus beautification.
Endowments can fund a professorship, fellowship, scholarship, or an entire program.
Endowments can honor or memorialize someone important to the donor.
Endowments can originate from a single source or through efforts and support of many persons.
Endowments can support scholarships , professorial chairs , commencement awards and book awards .
Endowments can support the library in developing collections for new and existing programs.
Endowments can wait.
Endowments continue to have a funding time period of five years .
Endowments create many opportunities and add to the prestige of an academic program.
Endowments enhance rather than replace state support.
Endowments enhance the quality of programs in perpetuity.
Endowments exist in perpetuity because only the income is used.
Endowments exist in perpetuity.
Endowments Find the current balances of endowment accounts.
Endowments fund a scholarship in perpetuity while the gift itself remains untouched.
Endowments give the donor the opportunity to choose a field of interest or receive an annuity.
Endowments help provide the latest equipment.
Endowments help to assure the growth of the school now and in the future.
Endowments help to provide organizations with long-term financial stability.
Endowments keep pace with inflation.
Endowments link a donor s interests with a program, department or function of the college.
Endowments operate much like a savings account.
Endowments perpetuate a donor's legacy by continuing to meet educational needs.
Endowments preserve contributions and provide ongoing financial support to designated programs.
Endowments provide a continuing and reliable source of revenue to support programs and projects.
Endowments provide a permanent income for ministry.
Endowments provide a reliable and permanent source of financial aid.
Endowments provide a way to make a lasting gift for future generations of students.
Endowments provide for numerous opportunities for campus enrichment.
Endowments provide funds for research and cover other expenses for the faculty holder.
Endowments provide life assurance so that in the event of death the mortgage is paid off.
Endowments provide predictable sources of revenue for student scholarships.
Endowments provide predictable sources of revenue to fund student scholarships.
Endowments provide stability.
Endowments provide supplemental funding for the library in perpetuity.
Endowments provide the resources to prevent and cure cancer.
Endowments provide the security of income each year, regardless of economic fluctuations.
Endowments represent an extremely desirable and rewarding gift opportunity.
Endowments validate the foundation and are appealing to donors as a lasting legacy.
Endowments vary according to the economic and rsidential circumstances of each student.
All endowments have one or more support accounts classified according to purpose.
Most endowments use active, outside investment managers.
Endowments funds are perpetual.
An endplate is an end organ
Endplate is the area on the post-synaptic cell that expresses all of the neurotransmitter receptors.
Endplates line the ends of each vertebra and help hold individual discs in place.
An endpoint is an end
Endpoint is tumor collection or animal shipment.
Endpoint provides advice on the clinical development of medicines.
Endpoints are also lightweight.
Endpoints are indices into the corresponding .node file.
Endpoints are points.
Endpoints are the green squares at the ends of connector shapes.
Endpoints behave as a group of FIFOs.
Endpoints can be entire nodes or anchored parts of node contents.
Endpoints can run on a dedicated computer or on any computer, in the background.
Endpoints can then reference the bindingConfiguration by name.
Endpoints can vary based upon the chemical that is introduced.
Endpoints exchange data with each other across an internet through sockets.
Endpoints refers to the points which mark the extremes of a line segment in Euclidean geometry.
Endpoints register with the gatekeeper and request permission to place a call to another endpoint.
All endpoints have descriptive names and unique integer IDs.
Ends users can also access the Internet, check e-mail, and run PC applications.
Endurance exercise appears to improve the efficiency of the body to utilize nitrogen.
Endurance exercise elicits a greater elevation in serum growth hormone than does strength training.
Endurance exercise stimulates the desire for fat.
Endurance exercises can be the next and then start again.
Endurance exercises can include activities such as swimming, walking, cycling, and rowing.
Endurance horses demonstrate metabolic efficiency by rapid heart rate recoveries.
Endurance races are just as tough on the crew as they are on the cars and drivers.
Endurance racing is also a fast growing sport.
Endurance racing is big E little r and the best team usually wins.
Endurance rides are a test of horsemanship and the athletic ability and stamina of the equine.
Endurance rides are races to see who can finish first while remaining sound and healthy.
Endurance rides have five divisions.
All endurance rides are also AERC sanctioned.
Endurance riding are riding.
Endurance sports are social sports.
Endurance sports can be enjoyable.
Endurance training attenuates the decrease in skeletal muscle malonyl-coa with exercise.
Endurance training can take different forms.
Endurance training causes adaptations that speed up clearance.
Endurance training does.
Endurance training enhances critical power.
Endurance training enhances the production of enzymes used to create malic acid.
Endurance training fails to inhibit skeletal muscle glucose uptake during exercise.
Endurance training increases arterial wall thickness in rats.
Endurance training increases gluconeogenesis during rest and exercise in men.
Endurance training increases metabolic rate and norepinephrine appearance rate in older individuals.
Endurance training increases several enzymes that help increase aerobic energy production.
Endurance training increases the density of mitochondria in certain cells.
Endurance training is achieved by doing lots of low intensity running.
Endurance training is important because of that distance.
Endurance training is important.
Endurance training is sub-maximal exertion for longer periods of time.
Endurance training promotes the use of intramuscular triglycerides as fuel substrates for exercise.
Endurance training utilises long periods of work at medium intensities with few or no rests.
Endurance also plays an important role.
Endurance becomes beset in pack ice and, immobilized, begins drifting in the ice.
Endurance builds a classic.
Endurance builds character.
Endurance comes from using lighter weights and increasing repetitions.
Endurance earns more than eloquence.
Endurance exercises Endurance exercises include cycling, running, and swimming.
Endurance exercises to build stamina.
Endurance grows from daily cross-training.
Endurance has to do with mental stamina as well.
Endurance hiking at it s best.
Endurance is a bad term to use.
Endurance is a gift and endurance is a duty.
Endurance is a normal part of developing growth and maturity.
Endurance is a prerequisite for perseverance.
Endurance is a promised gift of the new covenant.
Endurance is a super efficient sputtered film that looks great and handles superbly.
Endurance is achievement in itself.
Endurance is all.
Endurance is also a factor.
Endurance is also critical to allow golfers to maintain their posture late in the round.
Endurance is an inspiring film.
Endurance is an issue.
Endurance is another characteristic of the competitive dog.
Endurance is as crucial to golf as it is to the marathon.
Endurance is built up against temptation to sin and apathy through a life of regular prayer.
Endurance is by far the most important attribute.
Endurance is clearly a motif.
Endurance is conquest.
Endurance is deep beneath the Antarctic ice pack.
Endurance is defined as a lasting quality.
Endurance is developed as the entire body is utilized for a sustained period of time.
Endurance is developed by doing steady long runs.
Endurance is difficult to build.
Endurance is emphasized.
Endurance is essential.
Endurance is everything.
Endurance is extremely important to success.
Endurance is frequently a form of indecision.
Endurance is improved through aerobic exercise.
Endurance is increased.
Endurance is just a lot of work and there is nothing at all easy about that.
Endurance is just that, a measure of the fastest horse over a very long distance.
Endurance is limited.
Endurance is love refusing to quit.
Endurance is more difficult than aggression, for three reasons.
Endurance is more important than pure speed.
Endurance is needed from all players for ninety minutes plus overtime.
Endurance is one of the characteristics of the Ego.
Endurance is one of the key factors.
Endurance is patience concentrated.
Endurance is perhaps the most tiring.
Endurance is really a biography rather than a documentary.
Endurance is really important.
Endurance is required to row the course.
Endurance is said to be gradually built up over years of physical activity.
Endurance is ships.
Endurance is something needed for long term commitments.
Endurance is something that is earned from many miles on the trail.
Endurance is strength
Endurance is strength.
Endurance is synonymous with aerobics or any type of endurance movement.
Endurance is the ability of a muscle to exert submaximal force repeatedly over time.
Endurance is the ability to contract the muscle repeatedly over a period of time.
Endurance is the ability to maintain an exercise over an extended period of time.
Endurance is the ability to resist and to some degree overcome fatigue.
Endurance is the ability to stick with, to have stamina, to bear up, to tolerate.
Endurance is the ability to sustain maximum power on each play for the entire game.
Endurance is the cornerstone, upon which all our daily living is based.
Endurance is the crowning quality, And patience all the passion of great hearts.
Endurance is the key to success.
Endurance is the key.
Endurance is the main factor in road racing.
Endurance is the major factor due to length.
Endurance is the major factor in distance races.
Endurance is the muscle's ability to make repeated efforts.
Endurance is the power of continuing under hardship without being overcome.
Endurance is the real test.
Endurance is the third part of the triangle.
Endurance is the time limit of persons ability to maintain prolonged stressful effort or activity.
Endurance is the word.
Endurance is victory.
Endurance lends itself to a constant high, steady power output for most of the test.
Endurance produces character.
Endurance refers to the combined continuous effort of lungs and muscles.
Endurance remains similar.
Endurance running sessions often complement the winter training.
Endurance seems to result when a performance is practiced until both accuracy and speed are high.
Endurance speaks more of being able to bear such things over a period of time.
Endurance takes months and yes, years, to build.
Endurance Use the same idea as above so each catch or throw is worth a point.
Most enduring hatreds are older than our nation, culture, and society.
Enduro races are speedway fund-raisers that give many wannabe drivers their first racing experience.
Ene dijhinne di tropes l' ont djow djusk' asteure.
Enema is irrigation
Enema is irrigation.
Enema is liquids.
Enema is mixture.
Enemas act by filling the bowel which stimulates the urge to have a bowel movement.
Enemas are a good thing to do before engaging in an evening of anal sex.
Enemas are always a good idea.
Enemas are most useful for the relief of simple fecal impactations.
Enemas are of extreme importance in any type of allergic condition.
Enemas are useful for severe constipation or when other methods fail.
Enemas are very helpful.
Enemas can be fun and can be made part of the anal play.
Enemas can deplete a baby of electrolytes and alter body fluids in children.
Enemas can relieve a serious case of constipation.
Enemas can stretch the colon, which over time becomes a limp sack with no muscle tone.
Enemas cost less than a dollar.
Enemas expose the most private area of the human body.
Enemas irrigate the bowel and act as lubricants and stimulants.
Enemas work by expanding the rectum and flush out stool.
Enemy forces have both chemical and biological weapons.
Enemy images are the most harmful and resistant form of constructed conflict reality.
Enemy images are usually black and white.
Enemy images tend to occupy a central position in groups' belief systems.
An enemy is a force
Enemies appear as dots, no indication of type.
Enemies appear from the ground and air.
Enemies appear in many guises and range from human snipers to heavily armed robots.
Enemies appear in waves.
Enemies approach from all sides.
Enemies are a reality of business as much as death and taxes.
Enemies are adversaries.
Enemies are almost as universal an experience as friends.
Enemies are also fun to watch.
Enemies are always necessary.
Enemies are always on fire.
Enemies are always ready to march, or fly, or launch.
Enemies are cheap.
Enemies are clearly what that term has always meant.
Enemies are different, think different, think wrong.
Enemies are dumb, weapons dumber.
Enemies are either on the ground, in the air, or on the ceiling of indoor areas.
Enemies are equally detailed.
Enemies are expendable.
Enemies are forever.
Enemies are found randomly.
Enemies are just as lethal but are easier to take down.
Enemies are less likely to attack a nation with that capability.
Enemies are located in war.
Enemies are meat-eating wild animals and dogs.
Enemies are military units.
Enemies are more accurate and stealthy, and bob and weave under fire.
Enemies are natural .
Enemies are necessary for the wheels of the U.S. military machine to turn.
Enemies are necessary.
Enemies are numerous.
Enemies are people.
Enemies are personal.
Enemies are pretty clueless.
Enemies are reasonably smart.
Enemies are scarce and the speed of the title is deliberately slow.
Enemies are smart and fly in squad formation.
Enemies are the victims of sin, because they react against it.
Enemies are to be destroyed.
Enemies are two dimensional, objects are as well.
Enemies are varied and interesting, and generally native to a certain region.
Enemies are varied in The Last Revelation.
Enemies become allies.
Enemies become friends.
Enemies become invisible, and phase in and out of sight.
Enemies become more aggressive and evasive as play progresses.
Enemies behave as if they have two different minds.
Enemies being erased are invulnerable.
Enemies can adjust their positions, altering quadrant status.
Enemies can also make people feel that they matter.
Enemies can attack from different positions, and even surround the party.
Enemies can be anything from giant ships to tiny pellets.
Enemies can bounce grens off wall and easily kill it.
Enemies can cast spells, throw missiles, and even use items like magic wands.
Enemies can come from within just as easily as from without.
Enemies can damage a reputation.
Enemies can die.
Enemies can hide behind ridgelines or dive down a canyon to stay alive.
Enemies can pick up coins dropped by enemies or players.
Enemies can simply sidestep out of their path.
Enemies can still make great drafting partners.
Enemies come down the middle and fire in both directions.
Enemies come from the ground and the air, and demand a variety of attack methods.
Enemies come here to share a drink and a tall tale or two.
Enemies come in all forms.
Enemies come in from everywhere, and in hordes.
Enemies come in various shapes and sizes.
Enemies come out of monster generators.
Enemies come out of the tubes and attempt to destroy the player.
Enemies do have damage zones.
Enemies do no exist.
Enemies embrace as brothers.
Enemies enter from the bottom and work their way up towards the top.
Enemies even seem to get stuck for no reason.
Enemies evolve new skills like cloaking devices, cloning, and shields.
Enemies experience a wide variety of emotions like fear, and anger.
Enemies explode most satisfyingly, and crashing through the barricades is a hoot.
Enemies fall into the ground.
Enemies flying by sound just like they ought to.
Enemies function much the same way.
Enemies hate and move on.
Enemies have almost no intelligence, and are easily defeated with various stun weapons.
Enemies have choices.
Enemies have heads.
Enemies have no personhood.
Enemies have no power to steal it, however harrowing their threat of retribution.
Enemies have red circles under their feet, allies have green circles.
Enemies have their own vitality.
Enemies holding a false red banner are ten times more vicious than enemies holding a white banner.
Enemies include humans.
Enemies is more like it.
Enemies just seem to stack and flock to certain areas where any action is going on.
Enemies lead to interaction.
Enemies leave the campaign unable to even endorse one another.
Enemies like to swarm and are never alone.
Enemies live side by side under the strict rule of an Asian government.
Enemies look sharp and detailed.
Enemies make for unstable situations, even if they're never spoken to harshly.
Enemies make love.
Enemies moan, scream and splatter after being injured or killed.
Enemies move in a more lifelike fashion.
Enemies never make life easy.
Enemies now behave smarter and look sharper and deadlier.
Enemies occupy territory.
Enemies offer a myriad of behavioral characteristics.
Enemies permit no error.
Enemies pour in.
Enemies publish themselves.
Enemies range from giant ants to skeleton warriors and everything in between.
Enemies range from the simplest moving gear, to a Gubble seeking missile launcher armed robot.
Enemies react realistically to the threat of attack.
Enemies rob people's wealth.
Enemies round about.
Enemies run the gamut from pathetic nothings to bad, ahem, rear , level bosses.
Enemies seem to think for themselves and some even have personalities.
Enemies signal to each other.
Enemies still do stupid things, but they still are challenging.
Enemies take cover.
Enemies take far too many hits to kill.
Enemies take too many hits to kill, even up close.
Enemies There are three model types for the enemies in the game.
Enemies topple from ledges, tumble down stairs, and crawl away on hands and knees.
Enemies turn into allies.
Enemies turn to stone for a short period of time.
Enemies use armies.
Enemies use only the minimal melee and ranged weapons.
Enemies vary according to levels, becoming more alien, and a lot deadlier, as the game progresses.
Enemies when hit, can also fall down staircases or off of balconies.
Enemies will have impact.
Enemies will have little impact.
Enemy can shoot at least one extra time while reloading.
Enemy close up in left flank . .
Enemy continues to flee to the west.
Enemy drops power-ups.
Enemy earn Sand beyond a delivery aboard lots bridge.
Enemy endorse after little fifty meanwhile understand cray communications.
Enemy endorse after little fifty meanwhile understand sony cd-rom drivers.
Enemy expect few contributions of most bare headset telephone.
Enemy has air superiority.
Enemy has little chance if in range.
Enemy is also about the price of fame, the waste of war and how politics uses and uses up people.
Enemy is elaborate, exciting and lavishly shot.
Enemy is set in a battle position at vic.
Enemy is triumphant, giving tampon salute.
Enemy isa organization.
Enemy lose inside whatever rules meanwhile attempted Message board free.
Enemy makes exciting use of wartime trumpets, dazzling voices and dramatic strings.
Enemy makes until a shape once dealt croquet supplies.
Enemy prepares to meet enemy.
Enemy shows waves of primitive, improvised attacks by soldiers who have no apparent plan.
Enemies often display random acts of stupidity, like standing idly by as their buddies get shot.
Enemies often reconcile in jail.
Enemies sometimes lose their view cones and audio indicators after loading a saved game.
Enemies sometimes walk and shoot through walls.
All enemies asleep.
All enemy abilities down.
Many enemies live in the same neighborhood of a good neighbor.
More enemies are birds of prey and mongooses.
Most enemies go down with one shot and are placed merely for the sake of annoyance.
Most enemies have choices.
Most enemies have heads.
Most enemies lead to interaction.
Most enemies occupy territory.
Most enemies use armies.
Most enemies wear gas masks or advanced biological helmets.
Some enemies are beyond mere exorcism.
Some enemies attack individually while others group together.
Some enemies attack when grasshoppers are still in the soil awaiting spring.
Some enemies become allies.
Some enemies even run towards tossed grenades.
Some enemies have jokes.
Some enemies have landscapes.
Some enemies have special markings.
Some enemies inflict additional debuffs .
Some enemies kill coyotes.
Some enemies kill supermans.
Some enemies make senses.
Some enemies possess horses.
Some enemies provide tests.
Some enemies provide ultimate tests.
Some enemies reduce growth.
Some enemies reduce human growth.
Some enemies reduce human population growth.
Some enemies reduce population growth.
Some enemies require more than one shot to kill.
Some enemies suffer death.
Energetic activity places a load on the body.
Energetic adults try to do too much too soon and exhaust themselves and confuse the child.
Energetic anatomy is taught in terms of pathways from the five central energy areas.
Energetic arousal is increased by mild exercise and varies diurnally.
Energetic communication exists infinitely throughout the univ- erse.
Some energetic constraints affect areas.
Some energetic constraints limit capacity.
Energetic dogs lap at the city fountain.
Energetic effects can cause violation of normal functions of organs and systems.
Energetic effort is always necessary.
Energetic employees move quickly from entry level jobs to shop foreman and service managers.
Energetic entertainers bring high-energy shows to the high seas.
Every energetic essence has to bring forth something.
More energetic folk can go tramping.
More energetic folks can hit the water for a kayaking run with Blue Moon River Runs.
Energetic groups are more difficult to deal with.
Energetic Healings are perhaps one of the most effective ways to resolve the disassociation.
Energetic imbalances can show in the body long before disease manifests on the physical plane.
Energetic librarian is sought to set up new preservation services unit.
More energetic material means a rocket can carry less propellant and more payload.
Energetic matter is a living, mercurial entity.
Energetic ministry expands Zimmerman preached throughout the area and beyond.
Energetic newcomers are always welcome and their help is always appreciated.
Every energetic object is subject to the gravity force.
Energetic particles can penetrate the foil and create a plasma cloud also behind the foil.
Energetic particles leave a trail of ions in their wake.
Energetic particles move from regions.
Energetic particles penetrate into the atmosphere and change the chemical constituents.
Most energetic particles move from regions.
Some energetic particles can have effects.
Energetic people can walk on to a fur seal colony.
Energetic people make good money.
Energetic people take part in the diverse activities in and around the Silicon Valley.
Energetic photons split and cyclize.
Energetic protons can arrive anywhere from a few minutes after the soft X-rays to hours later.
More energetic protons can penetrate the shielding, but their flux and cross section are much lower.
Energetic Reconciliation accelerates the healing process, in an extremely subtle way.
Some energetic toddlers become new sensation.
Some energetic toddlers become sensation.
Some energetic toddlers become sport sensation.
More energetic tourists cram into two upright coffins for photo opportunities.
Energetic travellers can enjoy hiking through the luxuriant jungle interior.
Energetic types can get a kick out of ice skating or the athletic complex.
Energetic visitors can climb to the top of the monument and enjoy a Panoramic view of the city.
Energetic walkers can tackle the mountains in the interior.
An energizer is a device
Energizers also vary.
Energizers are actors.
Energizers are available that produce even higher voltage.
Energizers are devices.
Energizers are registered trademarks.
All energizers comply with necessary standards for design and performance worldwide.
Energy analysts call the lack of action irresponsible.
Energy audits die out, reappear sporadically.
Energy audits are also an important part of internal environmental controls.
Energy audits are available for Massachusetts residents.
Energy audits are available.
Energy balance is an important topic in our course.
Energy balance is important for kids and adults alike.
Energy balance is probably the most basic element of our diet.
Energy balance is related to body condition loss or gain.
Energy balance is the balance between intake and output.
Energy balance is the difference between intake of feed energy and energy output in the milk.
Energy balance is the enemy.
Energy balances can be aggregate, or very detailed, depending on their functions.
Energy balances have to be built up from surveys of what is actually going on.
Energy bands are an exclusively quantum-mechanical phenomenon.
Energy bands control the motion of charge carriers through the crystal.
Energy bars are also nutritious, handy, and rich in protein and calories.
Energy bars are expensive.
Energy bars are fine in a pinch, but they're far from an ideal food.
Energy bars are sometimes fortified with extra vitamins or minerals.
Energy bars have alcohol.
Energy bars vary from just over an ounce to nearly four ounces.
Most energy bars have alcohol.
Some energy barriers prevent migration.
Energy bills account for up to a third of a poor household's expenses.
Energy bills are a large part of a school district's annual operating expenses.
Energy bills are high, and it's beginning to affect the pocketbooks of a lot of working people.
Energy bills contain information.
Most energy bills contain information.
Energy brokers are a major part of the problem.
Energy budgets provide another index for quantifying mixing.
Energy capacity is a direct measure of scientific knowledge and technological development.
Energy cards are different.
Energy cells differ in design and location.
Energy centers use recycled water in the cooling process.
Every energy centre has important individual functions, in the energy body.
Energy charges are for the total amount of electricity used.
Energy companies are particularly vulnerable to restrictions caused by sanctions.
Energy companies are some of the richest, most powerful industries in the world.
Energy companies argue that they are investing billions of dollars in California.
Energy companies can add clippings to their coal-fired power plants to reduce toxic emissions.
Energy companies deal with issues.
Energy companies develop methods.
Energy companies do less well.
Energy companies have little option but to turn to trading for profits.
Energy companies have no intention of repeating the California deregulation mess.
Energy companies have no justification for loading a fixed charge onto their price at all.
Energy companies have the cash, skills, and size to rebuild the aging water infrastructure.
Energy companies offer a variety of flexible pay arrangements to help customers avoid disconnection.
Energy companies pay royalties to drill on tribal land.
Energy companies say the way they use technology is all above board.
Energy companies see Russia's petroleum resources as a great opportunity.
Many energy companies consider the region a good bet for energy sales.
Most energy companies deal with issues.
Most energy companies develop methods.
Energy conservation acts as a form of economic development.
Energy conservation can create significant cost savings to a company's bottom line.
Energy conservation can easily offset the cost of the green upgrade.
Energy conservation can lessen the chance of a flare.
Energy conservation can mean big money.
Energy conservation contrasts with silicon chip technology.
Energy conservation creates jobs, and our new technologies can be hot sellers in other countries.
Energy conservation creates more jobs than drilling for oil in the refuge.
Energy conservation has great potential in various industrial sectors.
Energy conservation improves quality.
Energy conservation is a bit more complicated, because energy comes in so many forms.
Energy conservation is a constant battle.
Energy conservation is a growing concern.
Energy conservation is a key adaptation for desert survival in the Bedouin goat.
Energy conservation is a major component of any energy program.
Energy conservation is a major consideration when building in our region.
Energy conservation is a means to reduce impacts, improve efficiency and lower costs.
Energy conservation is a part of the concept of sufficiency .
Energy conservation is achieved through the efforts of individuals.
Energy conservation is always a good place to start.
Energy conservation is an important complement to the development of renewable energy sources .
Energy conservation is an important complement to the development of renewable energy sources.
Energy conservation is an important consideration in all renovation and construction projects.
Energy conservation is an important part of Southern California Edison's heritage.
Energy conservation is an important survival trait.
Energy conservation is an important topic in many areas of the country, now more than ever before.
Energy conservation is another major motivation for the redesign of a facility.
Energy conservation is at the top of the list of consumer action.
Energy conservation is essential to saving the salmon and our air.
Energy conservation is faithful stewardship of creation.
Energy conservation is faithful stewardship.
Energy conservation is global leadership and solidarity.
Energy conservation is global leadership.
Energy conservation is intergenerational duty.
Energy conservation is intergenerational responsibility.
Energy conservation is justice for all peoples and nations.
Energy conservation is justice.
Energy conservation is much to be desired, and there are many unexploited opportunities, to be sure.
Energy conservation is of primary importance.
Energy conservation is of prime concern.
Energy conservation is often the most economical solution to energy shortages .
Energy conservation is often the most economical solution to energy shortages.
Energy conservation is prudent human action.
Energy conservation is smart business.
Energy conservation is still a new subject.
Energy conservation is straightforward in theory but is often complex in practice.
Energy conservation is the fastest, cheapest, and cleanest solution to the energy crisis.
Energy conservation is the repsonsibility of all students, faculty, and staff.
Energy conservation is used to burn less fossil fuel .
Energy conservation is used to burn less fossil fuel.
Energy conservation makes good business sense, too.
Energy conservation makes good business sense.
Energy conservation makes it easier to replace non-renewable resources with renewable energy.
Energy conservation means using energy without waste.
Energy conservation needs a big push.
Energy conservation refers to reducing energy consumption through using less of an energy service.
Energy conservation saves real dollars and preserves a public resource.
Energy conservation seems to have dropped off the agenda for now.
Energy conservation starts at home.
Most energy conservation improves quality.
Energy consume appliances include machines.
Energy consume appliances include wash machines.
Energy consumption causes problems.
Energy consumption generates heat.
Energy consumption impacts the environment.
Energy consumption is an important consideration in process design.
Energy consumption is compared from county to county where data is available.
Energy consumption is costly and older methods of generation are environmentally unfriendly.
Energy consumption is dramatically less than the competition.
Energy consumption is high due to multiple field operations.
Energy consumption is increased for building systems.
Energy consumption is kept to a bare minimum.
Energy consumption is minimized via economical heating, cooling, and lighting systems.
Energy consumption is more dependent on climate than on occupancy.
Energy consumption is much higher when the heat strip is in use.
Energy consumption is pretty predictable and therefore plannable.
Energy consumption is reduced for demoulding turned products.
Energy consumption is reduced to only half of the traditional kiln.
Energy consumption is relatively high in the steel industry.
Energy consumption is said to be a few dozen kilowatts.
Energy consumption is skewed widely by region.
Energy consumption is usually lower, as well.
Energy consumption is vast.
Energy consumption is very low due to the close coupling of vehicles to form a train.
Energy consumption presents another challenge.
Energy consumption Reduce the consumption of energy throughout the life cycle.
Energy consumption rise significantly during extreme cold weather.
Energy consumption takes places.
Most energy consumption causes problems.
Most energy consumption takes places.
Energy conversion is ideal because friction is kept at a maximum.
Energy conversion is the process of transforming energy in one form into another.
Energy conversion means changing from one form of energy to another.
Energy conversions can take place from any one form of energy into almost any other form of energy.
Energy conversions result in heat and therefore the entropy of the universe is always increasing.
Energy conversions take places.
Energy conversions underlie all ecological processes.
Energy conversions use information.
All energy conversions are inefficient, so food value is lost along the chain.
Most energy conversions take places.
Most energy conversions use information.
Some energy conversions have states.
Energy corporation seeks an attorney with transactional experience.
Energy cost depends on factors.
Energy cost is very high, similar to heat treatments.
Energy costs appears to be an important consideration now.
Energy costs are a major concern due to extremely high summer temperatures.
Energy costs are a major household or business expenditure, especially in harsher winter climates.
Energy costs are a major part of most farmers' production expense.
Energy costs are a small share of the value of tradeable goods and services.
Energy costs are also a factor.
Energy costs are among the lowest in the nation.
Energy costs are comparatively low in Indiana.
Energy costs are generally responsible for the price increases.
Energy costs are higher if the pollutants are dispersed, because more gas has to be processed.
Energy costs are higher.
Energy costs are just a passing phenomena making up for global warming.
Energy costs are just one factor in deciding what farming methods to adopt.
Energy costs are low as the only power required is that to operate the fan and water pump.
Energy costs are lower because generator run time is reduced.
Energy costs are no aberration.
Energy costs are one of the largest expenses for many small firms.
Energy costs are second only to labor costs in the rail authorities' annual operating budget.
Energy costs are significantly lower.
Energy costs are the nail in a coffin of overseas competition.
Energy costs are up.
Energy costs are usually lower, and food and clothing are comparable to prices elsewhere.
Energy costs can be high for pumping contaminated water from deep aquifers.
Energy costs go down since it takes less power with less friction.
Energy costs have a profound impact on the economy.
Energy costs have bigger potential impacts on such households.
Energy costs play a substantial part in the financial pressures low-income people face.
Energy costs represent a large part of the total costs.
Energy costs vary for homes with electric home heating and water heating.
Most energy cost depends on factors.
Some energy cost includes transportation.
Energy crisis demands a price cap on electricity.
Energy crops are a clear way forward.
Energy crops are also more resistant to disease and pests and relatively inexpensive to grow.
Energy crops are crops developed and grown specifically for fuel.
Energy crops are crops such as switch grass or poplar trees grown to produce fuels.
Energy crops offer an exciting new commercial opportunity for farmers and growers.
Energy crunch boosts business for site-selection industry.
Energy demand consists of industry, transportation, and other public uses.
Energy demand is thought to be very non-responsive to even large price changes.
Energy demands are at all time high.
Energy demands fluctuate greatly from winter to summer.
Energy density food has calories.
Energy density decreases asymptotically with time.
Energy density is a measure of the energy stored in the field per unit volume of space.
Energy density is density.
Energy density is determined by the fat, fiber, and water content of foods.
Energy density is the amount of energy in a space divided by the volume of the space.
Energy density is the number of calories in a given volume of food.
Energy density is the ratio of calories to the weight of food.
Energy density refers to the amount of energy or calories compared to the weight of the food.
Energy dependence is the most powerful type of political-economic dependence.
Energy derivatives are also the most complex instruments traded.
Energy dissipation is accomplished by means of a dashpot.
Energy dissipation is modeled by a dashpot only.
Energy dissipation is similar to the generation term in the conservation of mass equation.
Energy distribution can be more optimal if one eats smaller frequent meals.
Energy drinks are a good substitute for water and food.
Energy drinks are a good way to get carbs, plus equal parts protein and fat.
Energy drinks are most useful after an event and taken during heavy exercise can cause vomiting.
Energy drinks contain caffeine, sugar and other ingredients.
Energy drinks contain some amount of electrolyte.
Energy drinks continue to be marketed as quick remedies for people who are low on energy.
All energy drinks contain caffeine, which is a powerful diuretic.
Many energy drinks are very successful in the market and provide a very strong competition.
Energy efficiency affects the service energy intensity.
Energy efficiency becomes a primary part of environmental protection.
Energy efficiency begins at home, and volunteerism is building it in.
Energy efficiency begins with selecting a good site, then properly locating the house on the site.
Energy efficiency benefits people, the schooll, community state and planet.
Energy efficiency benefits the environment through a lower consumption of electricity.
Energy efficiency can be a powerful message to help buyers feel they are making the right decision.
Energy efficiency can do much to reduce energy demand.
Energy efficiency can have an effect on overall community sustainability.
Energy efficiency can include both energy saving and active and passive solar technologies.
Energy efficiency can mean fewer emissions which contribute to global warming.
Energy efficiency can reduce greenhouse gas emissions and create direct and indirect jobs.
Energy efficiency competes with other issues for limited resources within a company.
Energy efficiency cuts the emissions contributing to global warming.
Energy efficiency features in a home provide the greatest comfort and savings when installed well.
Energy efficiency goes a long way to give citizens that security.
Energy efficiency has hard consequences, it defines life and death.
Energy efficiency has the added benefit of lowering household utility bills.
Energy efficiency helps cut our dependence on foreign energy sources and preserve our economy.
Energy efficiency helps residents and businesses lower their electricity bill.
Energy efficiency increases the initial cost of a home.
Energy efficiency is . . .
Energy efficiency is a critical issue for affordable housing.
Energy efficiency is a good business practice.
Energy efficiency is a huge issue in today s resource-ravenous times.
Energy efficiency is a key area where economic and environmental interests coincide.
Energy efficiency is a major design consideration along with overall drying quality.
Energy efficiency is a major priority.
Energy efficiency is a mark of a well-run company.
Energy efficiency is a measure of economic competitiveness.
Energy efficiency is a profit maker.
Energy efficiency is a relative term, grounded in the mineral and water regime of the habitat.
Energy efficiency is a subject of much interest in many countries, including Singapore.
Energy efficiency is a valuable resource that creates a win-win solution on multiple fronts.
Energy efficiency is a way of achieving the same services with less energy.
Energy efficiency is a winner for both the economy and the environment.
Energy efficiency is a winning proposition for both municipal utilities and their customers.
Energy efficiency is achieved throughout the building.
Energy efficiency is alive and well in California's newly de-regulated electricity market.
Energy efficiency is all important, giving major savings to the consumer.
Energy efficiency is all the rage with good reason.
Energy efficiency is also an immature technology.
Energy efficiency is an idea that everyone can love.
Energy efficiency is an important priority.
Energy efficiency is an important strategy to deal with energy demand.
Energy efficiency is an interesting and useful concept for analyzing energy use.
Energy efficiency is an obvious requirement for such devices.
Energy efficiency is determined by the highest ratio of energy consumption to product output.
Energy efficiency is easier, and cheaper, to come by than it used to be.
Energy efficiency is energy profit.
Energy efficiency is good business as well as a reinvestment in the well being of our customers.
Energy efficiency is important.
Energy efficiency is just the cutting edge for renewable energy systems.
Energy efficiency is key, along with involvement of future residents of the homes.
Energy efficiency is likely to be a critical issue.
Energy efficiency is no longer a problem.
Energy efficiency is often an inexpensive, quick and simple way to save money.
Energy efficiency is one of the key strategies to make our economy more cost competitive.
Energy efficiency is one of the lowest cost strategies for reducing greenhouse gases.
Energy efficiency is one of the primary answers.
Energy efficiency is one of the several focus areas addressed by the missions.
Energy efficiency is our highest priority.
Energy efficiency is particularly difficult to measure in the transportation sector.
Energy efficiency is probably the most important single issue in the short-term.
Energy efficiency is significantly increased.
Energy efficiency is still new in Brazil with little recognition in the marketplace.
Energy efficiency is the basis of good form.
Energy efficiency is the best cost saver.
Energy efficiency is the cleanest, safest, most economical way to begin to curb global warming.
Energy efficiency is the first step to take.
Energy efficiency is the icing on the cake.
Energy efficiency is the most cost-effective option for our State.
Energy efficiency is the most prominent reason for their participation in the program.
Energy efficiency is the single most frequently cited reason for considering replacement windows.
Energy efficiency is the smartest approach to hold down costs while still remaining comfortable.
Energy efficiency is vastly under-exploited.
Energy efficiency is very obvious to most consumers.
Energy efficiency means fewer emissions which lead to global warming.
Energy efficiency means significant savings on utility bills.
Energy efficiency means using less energy to accomplish the same task.
Energy efficiency means using less energy while achieving the same amount of comfort or service.
Energy efficiency needs continued attention.
Energy efficiency offers the single most effective means to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
Energy efficiency ought to be the cheapest option.
Energy efficiency pays.
Energy efficiency prevents the destruction of our Earth.
Energy efficiency reduces emissions contributing to global warming.
Energy efficiency reduces pollution to air, water, and land.
Energy efficiency reduces the pollution created by running power plants.
Energy efficiency refers to the energy input per unit of useful energy output.
Energy efficiency represents the second largest source of energy in the United States.
Energy efficiency requires boiler control systems to closely match steam supply with steam demand.
Energy efficiency saves money and the environment by reducing power plant pollution.
Energy efficiency saves money, benefits the economy, creates new jobs, and enhances human health.
Energy efficiency saves money, reduces pollution, and conserves resources.
Energy efficiency saves.
Energy efficiency starts at the planning stage.
Energy efficiency works when our customers understand our programs.
Energy engineering is the conversion, distribution, and utilization of energy.
Energy expenditure is dynamic.
Energy field is destroyed.
Energy fields are open.
Energy fields are the fundamental units of living system.
Energy fields interact when people stay close to each other.
Energy fields move by the laws of harmony and resonance.
Energy flow contours surrounding a transmission line.
Energy flow fuels the biogeochemical, or nutrient, cycles.
Energy flow is enhanced, creating a relaxing, invigorating experience.
Energy flow is natural, and occurs effortlessly.
Energy flow is realigned and blocks to self-healing are released.
Energy flow is restored.
Energy flow is subtle yet powerful.
Energy flow is the amount of energy that is transferred through a food chain up the trophic level.
Energy flow is the amount of energy that moves through a food chain.
Energy flow is the amount of energy that moves throughout a food chain.
Energy flow is the movement of chemical energy through a food chain.
Energy flow means the same for a tree's business of survival.
Energy flow occurs within cells.
Energy flow produces a distinct structure in ecosystems.
Energy flows are in red and amaterial flows are in purple.
Energy flows occur within cells.
All energy flows come through other people.
Energy flux is a quantity that measures the rate of transfer of energy per unit area.
Energy flux is energy radiated per unit area second.
Energy flux is the rate at which energy flows.
All energy forms are divided up between two main kinds of energy.
All energy forms are, in principle, interconvertible.
Energy generation comes from water, wind, solar and petrochemical sources.
Energy generation using fossil fuels is a major source of greenhouse gases and of other pollutants.
Most energy generation causes air pollution.
Energy harvesting is a totally plug-free idea.
Energy harvesting is the second technology.
Energy healing can involve spiritual healing or other mental healing exercises.
Energy healing goes to the deepest level where body, mind and spirit meet.
Energy healing is an ancient method of treatment which originated in the Orient.
Energy healing is an approach for strengthening the body's energy field.
Energy healing is basically a form of channeling some aspect of intelligent infinity.
Energy healing theorizes that certain articles, such as gems and magnets carry vibrational rates.
Energy independence is a strong driver for renewables overseas.
Energy independence is surprisingly affordable, especially in Southern California.
Energy industry is symbolized by fire element.
Energy infrastructure is vital to Tasmania's well being - now and into the future.
Energy intake can fall dramatically as a result of the reduced intake of starchy foods.
Energy intake is a function of dry matter intake and dietary energy concentration.
Some energy intake comes from carbohydrates.
Some energy intake decreases egg production.
Some energy intake decreases production.
Energy intensity is a measure of the ratio between energy consumption and wealth.
Energy intensity is the amount of energy consumed per unit of service or activity.
An energy level is energy
Energy level depends on the one below it for energy.
Energy level is high and the person can get by on very little sleep.
Energy level is inborn.
Energy level is minimal, duration is limited and stamina is sporadic.
Energy level resumes to normal.
Energy levels are an indicator of health.
Energy levels are energy.
Energy levels are especially high, particularly for any thought-intensive work.
Energy levels are good and people are friendly.
Energy levels are high here, and the electric guitars soar and roar.
Energy levels are high, either to embrace the change or to fend it off.
Energy levels are higher - just great.
Energy levels are strong, moods are good and much can be accomplished.
Energy levels are very high.
Energy levels can plummet due to lack of oxygen-rich red blood cells.
Energy levels drop.
Energy levels fall, blood fails to clot, concentration is lost, and heart and lung problems develop.
Energy levels fluctuate during the day and are unique to individuals.
Energy levels go back to youthful vitality.
Energy levels go down due to lack of oxygen-rich red blood cells.
Energy levels go up with high stamina and decreased recovery time from fatigue.
Energy levels increase.
Energy levels vary for people during the day.
Some energy levels have energy.
Some energy levels have lower energy.
Energy management services help business.
Energy management solutions include identify opportunity.
Energy management solutions include opportunity.
Energy management continues to be a major focus of the district's facility management process.
Energy management is accomplished via integration of a power monitoring node into the system.
Energy management is addressed through a variety of internal systems.
Energy management is an important factor.
Energy management is one of the few operational areas that offers an immediate return on investment.
Energy management sounds like a long term project.
Energy managers can see how operating practices affect loads, as they happen.
Energy managers gain accurate and replicable energy and cost analysis tools for project analysis.
Energy managers have a more flexible route to monitor and manage energy usage.
Energy markets are no exception.
Energy markets are wild, with natural gas setting new all-time highs last week.
Energy matters Get enough sleep.
Energy matters require lawyers with expertise in all areas of the law.
Energy medicine is a big step though.
Energy medicine is a growing field.
Energy medicine is one of the oldest forms of healing in the world.
Energy medicine is the medicine of the new paradigm.
Energy meridians are in fact measurable fields that surround and permeate our bodies.
Some energy metabolism becomes oxidation.
Some energy metabolism becomes protein oxidation.
Some energy metabolism depends on glycolysis.
Energy meters have either four or five dials on the face.
Energy minimization produces a smooth morph over the image.
Energy modeling is especially useful and accurate for building renovations.
Energy of photon is directly proportional to frequency, but inversely proportional to wavelength.
Energy of photons is shown in the visible spectrum.
Energy particles come from sources.
Energy particles have energy.
Energy particles have high energy.
Energy performance is fairly straightforward.
Energy performance is only one of a host of important issues facing the designer.
Energy performance is similar to single-packaged units.
Energy policies are the sovereign decision of Members States.
Energy policy is a function of what happens in every sector of the economy.
Energy policy is economic policy whenever energy supplies at acceptable prices are at issue.
Energy policy is hot.
Energy policy is more important than cultural and historical projects.
Energy policy is no place for trying to score partisan political points.
Energy policy is on the forefront of the political landscape.
Energy policy is probably the ultimate example of the ill effects of our corporate democracy.
Energy prices are a double whammy for the economy.
Energy prices are a growing problem.
Energy prices are a lot higher today.
Energy prices are a risk to the outlook going forward.
Energy prices are a threat to containing inflation.
Energy prices are among the most volatile of all commodities.
Energy prices are at unprecedented levels.
Energy prices are high.
Energy prices are low and it is difficult to break into the market.
Energy prices are on the rise.
Energy prices are super high.
Energy prices are to blame for much of the increase.
Energy prices are under government control and they are kept low.
Energy prices are up.
Energy prices are volatile and can be difficult to explain.
Energy prices have a lot to do with the problem.
Energy prices have sky rocketed.
Energy prices keep going up, and there seems to be no end in sight.
Energy prices remain high.
Energy prices remain well below year-earlier levels.
Energy prices vary widely from region to region, and from season to season.
Energy producers oppose price caps.
Energy production affects land, air and water.
Energy production is a big polluter.
Energy production is crucial to cell longevity.
Energy production is emphasized because it produces more waste than any other industrial activity.
Energy production is improved.
Energy production is measured in kilowatt hours.
Energy production is necessary for development.
Energy production is now the major export.
Energy production is one of the biggest sources of air pollutants in the world.
Energy production is one of the major functions of our metabolism.
Energy production pollutes the air in urban areas which has a negative influence on human health .
Energy production uses another pathway with malic acid.
Energy psychotherapy is highly compatible with many traditional approaches to therapy.
Energy pyramid displays organisms from one food chain inthe food web.
Energy pyramids compare energy used by producers and other organisms on trophic levels.
Energy pyramids represent the amount of available energy on each trophic level of the food chain.
Energy pyramids show that energy decreases towards the consumer.
Energy pyramids show that number of organisms increases in the direction towards the producer.
Energy pyramids show the loss of energy at each level of a food chain.
Energy quality is by far the dominant factor.
Energy radiation breaks bonds.
Energy radiation breaks molecular bonds.
Energy ratings give an overall assessment of the whole house versus individual components.
Energy recovery is certainly a major concern.
Energy recovery is necessary to make desalting cost-competitive.
Energy recovery offers improved ventilation, lower costs.
Energy requirement is huge, but provided by sun.
Energy requirement is low.
Energy requirements are low - nature generously invested most of the energy needed.
Energy requirements are much lower for ecofallow.
Energy requirements are much lower with ecofallow than with normal fallow systems.
Energy requirements decline thereafter and are based on weight, height, and physical activity.
Energy requirements do vary with an animal's size due to metabolic factors.
Energy requirements drop as body temperature lowers, breathing and heart rate slow.
Energy requirements Identify the energy producing nutrients including their fuel value.
Energy requirements increase as water application become more inefficient.
Energy requirements vary according to body size.
Energy requirements vary by crop and region.
Energy requirements vary dramatically through the annual production cycle of ewes.
Energy requirements vary individually based on differences in body metabolism and level of exercise.
Energy research analyses.
Energy research delivers cleaner fuels and reduces American dependence on foreign resources.
Energy research is critical in slowing growth in carbon emissions without slowing economic growth.
Energy reserves are again at a critical low.
Energy resource leases on federal lands.
Energy resources abound on Wyoming's public lands.
Energy resources are abundant, reliable and costs are low and competitive.
Energy resources are insufficient in the republic.
Energy resources continue to increase as well.
Energy resources depend on weather.
Energy resources have advantage.
Energy resources provide an abundance of employment and research opportunities.
Energy resources serve as mediums for improving our quality of life.
Most energy resources depend on weather.
Most energy resources have advantage.
Some energy resources solve problems.
Energy retrofits are a specialty.
Energy saving is another benefit of clean, clear, fresh shortening.
Energy savings are also considerable.
Energy savings are incredible.
Energy savings are very significant.
Energy savings begin as soon as the customer enrolls.
Energy savings can also be significant.
Energy savings can be significant.
Energy savings can be substantial.
Energy savings can equate to thousands of dollars worth of reductions in operating costs.
Energy savings depend upon how a programmable thermostat is set.
Energy savings is explored by having students circle pictures that show someone using energy wisely.
Energy savings result primarily from reduced aggregate haul and drying, and asphalt transportation.
Energy savings start immediately.
Energy savings wll result from reduced electrical energy usage by the lighting system.
Energy secretary is likely to be the convener of the committee.
Energy security has three faces.
Energy security is as much a collective concept as military security.
Energy security is essential to national security.
Energy security is important to a resource poor country like Japan.
Energy security is the overriding policy objective.
Energy security is threatened by the supply of oil in politically insecure regions of the world.
Energy security seems to be again an issue on the agenda.
Energy service is more into exploration for the future than energy needs for today.
Energy service is the one area within the sector that's attracted momentum players.
Energy services remain a mixed bag, however.
Energy shields protect planets from outer space bombardment.
Energy shortages are bad for everyone s business.
Energy shortages have the power to plunge an economy into recession.
Energy shortages produced by greedy companies take thier toll.
Energy source is chemicals taken from the environment.
Energy sources are of strategic importance to Israel, although some oil is extracted in the Negev.
Energy sources have impact.
Energy sources make contributions.
All energy sources are either renewable or nonrenewable.
All energy sources have advantages and disadvantages.
All energy sources have an impact on the environment.
All energy sources have some impact on our environment.
Most energy sources are ongoing or renewable while others are finite.
Most energy sources have impact.
Most energy sources make contributions.
Some energy sources affect environments.
Some energy sources cost less than others and some cause less pollution than others.
Some energy sources meet requirements.
Some energy sources produce electricity.
Energy storage can also make an electric utility system operate more efficiently.
Energy storage is the capture of energy produced at one time for use at a later time.
Energy storage is the result of the blocking of back-reactions.
Energy suppliers argue that prices have gone up with rising demand and increased costs of delivery.
Energy suppliers can then supply the electricity to non-domestic users free of the levy.
Energy suppliers handle most emergencies, with the state providing assistance as needed.
Energy supplies are uncertain.
Energy supply falls dramatically.
Energy supply is a problem.
Energy supply is disaggregated into two categories, renewable and non-renewable.
Energy supply is dominated by six coal-burning power plants of varying capacity.
Energy supply is now unregulated and subject to market forces.
Energy sustainability is no longer about running out of fuels.
Energy systems are bi-polar.
Energy systems become increasingly important as energy costs rise.
Energy systems differ from region to region, depending on the availability of natural resources.
Every energy system has a positive and a negative pole.
All energy technologies produce waste.
Energy therapy focuses on improving emotional, mental and spiritual health.
Energy trading is a cornerstone of our integrated service approach.
Energy transfer diagrams show types.
Energy transfer techniques involve concepts.
Energy transfer can occur through either heat exchange or work.
Energy transfer is a degenerative process.
Energy transfer is aided by bullet expansion.
Energy transfer is the central function of plants.
Energy transfer is the conveyance of energy from one item to another.
Energy transfers are very inefficient.
Energy transfers release heat.
Every energy transfer involves a loss of energy.
Some energy transfers are an exchange.
Energy transformation has importance.
Energy transformation is an important concept in the application of the physical sciences.
Energy transformation is the change of energy from one form to another.
Energy transformation is the process of changing energy from one form to another .
Energy transformation is the process of changing energy from one form to another.
Energy transformation is when a form of energy changes into another.
Energy transformations occur at both micro- and macro levels.
Energy transformations occur everywhere every second of the day.
Energy transformations occur in such a way that entropy always increases.
Energy transformations occur in the process of toasting a bagel in an electric toaster.
Most energy transformation has importance.
Some energy transformations take place in complex chains.
An energy unit is an unit
Energy units attract each other.
Energy usage is low.
Energy usage is roughly one third that of refrigerated systems.
Energy usage is very intensive, but demands varies by process and product run.
Energy usage is very low, which means that less heat is being generated.
Energy usage varies based on pool size, usage and temperature preference.
Energy use causes damage at all stages of production.
Energy use creates pollution.
Energy use creates serious problems.
Energy use depends on operating conditions for both the heating season and the cooling season.
Energy use falls only in a stagnant or depressed economy.
Energy use goes down only in a stagnant or depressed economy.
Energy use has major environmental and dollar implications.
Energy use is a cost of production.
Energy use is a topic at monthly supervisor meetings.
Energy use is assessed, analyzing utility bills, waste, and even staff travel.
Energy use is closely linked to size, so bigger animals have fewer offspring.
Energy use is controlled and monitored using a comprehensive reporting system.
Energy use is distributed among a number of different uses in food service buildings.
Energy use is likely to spiral upwards.
Energy use is minimal.
Energy use is obviously the dominant activity, and carbon dioxide the dominant greenhouse gas.
Energy use is population-driven.
Energy use is reduced through the use of a used oil-fired furnace and an efficient lighting system.
Energy use is regulated according to how many people are on the escalator at any time.
Energy use is the biggest contributor of greenhouse gases, particularly carbon dioxide.
Energy use is the highest operating cost of owning a home.
Energy use is the principal cause of local and regional air-quality problems.
Energy use is the same for each bulb.
Energy use is thus an ethical issue and everyone's concern.
Energy use is viewed by many as the most significant contributor to carbon dioxide emissions.
Energy use plays an integral role in Missouri's ability to improve economic prosperity.
Energy use seems to be increasing.
All energy use has some negative impact on the environment.
All energy vibration is color.
Energy weapons are the simplest weapon type, but they understandably consume the most energy.
Energy weapons burn through kevlar armors with no problem, but it stops most projectiles.
Energy weapons divide the damage between the two.
Energy weapons fire plasma projectiles.
Energy weapons fire projectiles.
Energy weapons kick ass.
Energy wood is any wood which can be used to produce energy.
Energy work can be very draining, and it's important to have plenty of substantial food available.
Energy work does make a person thirsty.
Energy work is especially effective on the first path.
Energy work is performed with the client fully clothed.
Energies are limited.
Energies are only indicative.
Energies are relative strength leaders.
Energies can be in calories, joules or hartrees and distances in meters, angstroms or bohrs.
Energies gravitate towards recreation and enjoyment.
Energies preform mostly as they do in the mundane world.
Energies spiral upward, inspiration is electric.
Energy accounts for work, mass accounts for matter, and enformy accounts for organization.
Energy adds mass.
Energy adjustment- the concepts underlying the debate.
Energy affects almost every aspect of our daily life.
Energy affects each person differently and at different times.
Energy affects environments.
Energy affects every aspect of their operations and is a prime factor in their location decisions.
Energy affects many segments of our society such as the environment, public health, and the economy.
Energy alone is insufficient.
Energy also exists in chemical, nuclear, and electrical form.
Energy also exists in natural sources.
Energy also fuels a number of environmental processes that are essentially abiotic.
Energy also goes into sound waves, heat, and the ricochet of vase pieces, perhaps even some sparks.
Energy also leaves the earth in other forms like heat, for example, which is called infrared light.
Energy also matters in terms of both global politics and environmental concerns.
Energy animates the physical body.
Energy appears in different forms.
Energy appears in many forms.
Energy associated with motion is called mechanical energy .
Energy associates with molecular transitions.
Energy associates with movement.
Energy associates with transitions.
Energy audit technical reviews prior to corporate-wide programs and performance contracting.
Energy balances around process units.
Energy becomes a drag on the Mexican economy.
Energy becomes cathected to the mouth region and some energy remains there permanently.
Energy becomes energy.
Energy becomes heat energy.
Energy becomes kinetic energy.
Energy becomes mechanical energy.
Energy becomes potential energy.
Energy becomes thermal energy.
Energy begins the food chain in the form of the sun.
Energy begins to be considered as a service.
Energy begins to flow freely, relieving tension and strain.
Energy begins to flow though out the amphitheater.
Energy begins with the sun.
Energy being withdrawn at any time has the opposite effect, slowing the madly-turning spindle.
Energy believes it already has the largest percentage of federal workers in flexiplace programs.
Energy breeds energy and hope.
Energy brings countless benefits to human life.
Energy broadcasts at the speed of light from a heated surface, usually the floor.
Energy builds as the weekend approaches.
Energy can also mean movement or the possibility of movement.
Energy can be a bit frantic.
Energy can be a problem with less feed intake.
Energy can be electrical, mechanical, hydraulic or pneumatic.
Energy can be in different states.
Energy can be in the form of thermal, radiant, electrical, mechanical, chemical, and atomic energy.
Energy can be neither created nor destroyed - it changes forms.
Energy can be positive or negative.
Energy can be subtle yet powerful.
Energy can be transfer via conduction, radiation, convection, or even advection.
Energy can become mass.
Energy can change form again and again.
Energy can change from one form to another in living things.
Energy can change from one form to another.
Energy can change the direction and speed of a baseball .
Energy can change the temperature of water .
Energy can come from the sun, wind, water, or heat from the Earth or burned animal dung.
Energy can come from windmills, which capture the power in wind.
Energy can cycle through from dead to living but loss to heat occurs at each step.
Energy can dissipate while waiting for various parts of the organization to buy-in.
Energy can do wonders.
Energy can either be kinetic or potential .
Energy can either cause gas to evaporate, or to condense, on dust particles.
Energy can exist in different forms, such as kinetic or potential.
Energy can exist in many different forms, and can be converted from one form to another.
Energy can exist in many different forms.
Energy can exist in various forms.
Energy can feed the problem.
Energy can flow between the system and surroundings.
Energy can flow outward only by conduction, convection, or radiation.
Energy can flow through multiple pathways in a food web.
Energy can gather, move, or remain in a space.
Energy can include mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, chemical, thermal, and stored energy.
Energy can mean different things, depending on how it is used.
Energy can meet the demand of present and further production .
Energy can move from one object to another through materials and through space.
Energy can move from one place, object, or system to another.
Energy can move through air, water, wires, and even our bodies.
Energy can neither be created nor destroyed, it just changes forms.
Energy can neither be created nor destroyed, it merely changes form.
Energy can neither be created or destroyed, it only changes form or states.
Energy can only change form.
Energy can promote the interests of both the United States and countries the world over.
Energy can result in damage or motion.
Energy can shift between forms, but it is never destroyed or created.
Energy can take a negative form, as well.
Energy can take a number of different forms.
Energy can take many different forms including mechanical, thermal, chemical, and electromagnetic.
Energy can take many forms, electricity, heat, and motion.
Energy can take many forms, including electrical, chemical, radiant, mechanical and heat.
Energy can take many forms.
Energy can take on many forms and can change from one form to another.
Energy can take on many forms, and various processes convert one form into another.
Energy cans have impact.
Energy captured by photosynthetic organisms, plants use oxygenic photosynthesis.
Energy captured by producers flows directly to consumers.
Energy captured by producers flows directly to detritivores and decomposers.
Energy captured by the primary producers is transferred to other organisms.
Energy causes a desire to play sports.
Energy causes a desire to work.
Energy causes a desire to wrestles.
Energy causes growth.
Energy causes heat.
Energy causes molecular motion.
Energy causes motion.
Energy causes random molecular motion.
Energy causes random motion.
Energy causes space to expand.
Energy certainly plays a role here.
Energy changes as it moves in the sky, leading to changes in the energy of the earth.
Energy changes as it moves through the land, leading to changes of energy in the sky.
Energy changes forms from light to chemical to heat energy.
Energy changes from one form to another.
Energy changes from one Form to Another.
Energy changes in the body are subtle and gradual.
Energy changes in the conformation of the ice.
Energy changes in the solar prominences.
Energy changes phases.
Energy changes things.
Energy changes with a change in the speed of an object.
Energy comes at the cost of wisdom.
Energy comes from biomass.
Energy comes from breakdowns.
Energy comes from calories in the food and vitamins have no caloric value.
Energy comes from calories.
Energy comes from carbohydrate, fat and protein.
Energy comes from carbohydrates and fat.
Energy comes from carbohydrates, fats and proteins.
Energy comes from cellulose.
Energy comes from chemical reaction.
Energy comes from eat food.
Energy comes from effort.
Energy comes from food.
Energy comes from food.
Energy comes from many different sources in the ocean.
Energy comes from matter.
Energy comes from motion.
Energy comes from natural sugars, fats and proteins.
Energy comes from original sources.
Energy comes from other sources.
Energy comes from power sources.
Energy comes from primary producers.
Energy comes from producers.
Energy comes from proteins.
Energy comes from rays.
Energy comes from reaction.
Energy comes from renewable and non-renewable sources.
Energy comes from several sources.
Energy comes from sources.
Energy comes from starches.
Energy comes from sunlight.
Energy comes from the anaerobic breakdown of glucose.
Energy comes from the interior of the Earth, Most from radioactive decay - nuclear energy.
Energy comes from the sun and is called solar energy.
Energy comes from the sun or surrounding.
Energy comes from the sun, and flows one way through a system.
Energy comes from ultimate power sources.
Energy comes from ultimate sources.
Energy comes from yolks.
Energy comes in a lot of flavors besides mocha mint or orange cappuccino.
Energy comes in a variety of flavors.
Energy comes in all kinds of different forms and can be converted from one form to another.
Energy comes in handy.
Energy comes in many colors and hues, from a whisper to a shout.
Energy comes in many different forms and can be converted from one form into another.
Energy comes in many forms - heat, light, chemical, electrical, mechanical, nuclear, etc.
Energy comes in many forms that are named somewhat differently in different textbooks.
Energy comes in many forms, including electricity and magnetism.
Energy comes in many forms.
Energy comes in numerous forms such as heat, light, electricity and the ability to do work.
Energy comes in two forms, which are kinetic and potential.
Energy comes in various forms.
Energy comes in various raw forms.
Energy comes to the earth in the form of electromagnetic radiation.
Energy commands the world.
Energy concentrates near the true velocity due to the non-linearity of the cosine azimuth factor.
Energy conserving construction includes double-pane windows and structural insulation.
Energy conserving features typically save the homeowner money every month in utility bills.
Energy consists of postulated particles in space.
Energy consumed by on-farm grain storage and processing is considered to be consumed in farming.
Energy consumed is the amount of food or drink eaten.
Energy contains in fuel.
Energy contains light.
Energy continues to flow in the web as an owl or snake feeds on an unwary night lizard.
Energy contributes to heat.
Energy converts sunlight.
Energy corresponds to frequency limits.
Energy corresponds to limits.
Energy corresponds to mass.
Energy costs many locations have a high cost for power usage.
Energy costs over a bulb's useful life are many times the original purchase cost.
Energy courses mysteriously through our lives.
Energy creates energy.
Energy creates fields.
Energy creates heat.
Energy creates it and thus all life is the same being.
Energy creates magnetic fields.
Energy creates order because it is itself a form of order.
Energy creates particles.
Energy creates pressure.
Energy creates vibration.
Energy creates wind.
Energy Crossroads Thousands of energy-efficiency links.
Energy decreases moving from level to level in an energy ymiprad.
Energy defines the second dimension of Reality.
Energy degrades from higher to lower forms, like water flows downhill.
Energy degrades from higher to lower forms.
Energy degrades, until becomes low-order heat, unusable to system.
Energy delivers energy.
Energy depends on forces.
Energy depends on mass.
Energy depends on motion.
Energy depends on strength.
Energy depends on temperature.
Energy deploys in a physical system in seeking a minimum potential state.
Energy derivatives as a tool in quantum chemistry with emphasis on geometry optimizations.
Energy derives from decay.
Energy derives from heat.
Energy derives from radioactive decay.
Energy derives from reaction.
Energy derives from sources.
Energy describes the ability of an object to do work on other things.
Energy designates the dynamic nature of the field.
Energy develops through the legs rooted into the ground.
Energy dispersive x-ray analysis capability.
Energy dispersive X-ray analysis of cataractous lenses.
Energy dispersive X-ray analysis.
Energy dispersive X-ray fluorescence analysis of marine pollution indicators.
Energy dispersive X-ray microanalysis of the electrolytes in biological bulk specimen.
Energy Do a pendulum experiment by changing parameters with mouse.
Energy Do something with gusto and enthusiasm, even if it's a little out of character.
Energy does everything.
Energy does more to persuade than the fanciest speech.
Energy drain Another major factor is power.
Energy drains rapidly from large-scale motions to small.
Energy drink mix business in Pakistan.
Energy drinks .
Energy drives actions.
Energy drives performance.
Energy drives reaction.
Energy drives steam turbines.
Energy drives the cycling of matter within and between systems.
Energy drives turbines.
Energy ebbs in the crowd, and audience members start strolling toward the bathroom or beer line.
Energy enables irrigation of crops and the processing, packaging and transport of bulk food.
Energy encompasses a broad range of public policy and governance issues.
Energy energizes civilization.
Energy enhances performance.
Energy enters a food chain in the form of sunlight, and leaves the food chain in the form of heat.
Energy enters an ecosystem as sunlight.
Energy enters an ecosystem from the sun and flows betweem organisms as one eats another.
Energy enters atmospheres.
Energy enters chemical reactions in one of two ways.
Energy enters ecosystems via the primary producers.
Energy enters most ecosystems as sunlight and leaves as heat.
Energy enters most ecosystems from the sun and flows through the ecosystem by way of food webs .
Energy enters most ecosystems from the sun and flows through the ecosystem by way of food webs.
Energy enters our homes through the front door, and to a lesser extent, through the windows.
Energy enters the channel from both ends.
Energy enters the Earth system primarily as solar radiation and eventually escapes as heat.
Energy enters the ecosystem with the producers.
Energy enters the rest of the food chain through the organic molecules they produce.
Energy equals information.
Energy equals mass times the speed of light squared.
Energy equals mass times the square of the speed of light.
Energy equals mass times velocity squared.
Energy equals mass.
Energy equates with matter directly.
Energy escapes the resonating cavity and generates wave trains moving into the corona.
Energy exercises and much more.
Energy exists as both solids and fluids, and embraces a variation of colors and smells.
Energy exists freely in nature.
Energy exists in a variety of forms.
Energy exists in all objects of life, living or non-living.
Energy exists in different forms which can be interconverted.
Energy exists in different forms, such as heat, motion, light, chemical and sound.
Energy exists in many different forms.
Energy exists in many forms and has the ability to do work or cause a change.
Energy exists in many forms, and is conserved during transformation from one form to another.
Energy exists in many forms, so there are many ways to quantify it.
Energy exists in many forms, which can be converted from one to another in various ways.
Energy exists in many forms.
Energy exists in the unseen realm.
Energy exists regardless of the direction of movement.
Energy Explains how sound is energy, and introduces harmonics.
Energy explodes in bundles of lines rapidly laid down over ground plans and tracing paper.
Energy fills the room.
Energy first comes to a person through the outer bioenergy layer.
Energy first flows into the particles at the boundary between the hot coffee and the ceramic mug.
Energy flies off in all directions as themes and concepts repeat and reconfigure.
Energy flow across a fluid element.
Energy flow around jet axis, only calorimeter cells associated to jet, data.
Energy flow e.g. relies heavily on both tracking and calorimetry.
Energy flow through marsh and shallow subtidal estuarine habitats.
Energy flow through the biosphere, photosynthesis, cellular respiration.
Energy flow through the environment.
Energy flowing through a leaf is similar to the energy flow through a heat engine.
Energy flowing through a system tends to organize it .
Energy flows across the food chain.
Energy flows and clock skew.
Energy flows and materials cycle through living communities.
Energy flows and swirls through it in bright colors.
Energy flows as entropy increases.
Energy flows between organisms when one organism eats another.
Energy flows between space , the atmosphere , and Earth 's surface .
Energy flows between space, the atmosphere, and Earth's surface.
Energy flows between species with arrows indicating direction.
Energy flows both ways.
Energy flows down a gradient.
Energy flows downhill to Earth.
Energy flows fast, yet an electric current is a very slow flow.
Energy flows freely.
Energy flows from high temperature.
Energy flows from one atom to another in the warm object.
Energy flows from people who are continually learning.
Energy flows from plants to bigger and bigger animals through the steps of eating and being eaten.
Energy flows from regions.
Energy flows from sunlight to chemical energy to heat.
Energy flows from temperature.
Energy flows from the bottom to the top layer of the pyramid.
Energy flows from the higher to the lower system.
Energy flows from the sun by the processes of thermal, visible, and ultraviolet radiation.
Energy flows from the sun in the form of sunlight.
Energy flows from the sun through producers to consumers.
Energy flows from the sun to plants to animals.
Energy flows from the sun to the plants to the plant eaters to the meat eaters.
Energy flows from the sun.
Energy flows from useful forms to unproductive forms.
Energy flows in all directions in the psyche, from the unconscious to the conscious and vice versa.
Energy flows in and out simultaneously.
Energy flows in chemical systems, engines and living systems.
Energy flows in one direction in food chains.
Energy flows in one direction through ecosystems, whereas matter is recycled.
Energy flows in one direction.
Energy flows in vibrated granular media.
Energy flows into ecosystems from the sun.
Energy flows into most ecosystems as sunlight.
Energy flows into the biological world from the sun.
Energy flows move through feeding relationships.
Energy flows occurs in one way.
Energy flows only in one direction through the ecosystem.
Energy flows out of one system into the other due to the difference in the temperatures.
Energy flows through a food web within an ecosystem.
Energy flows through all ecosystems in similar ways.
Energy flows through all living things and the environment .
Energy flows through all living things and the environment.
Energy flows through an ecosystem in only one direction.
Energy flows through an ecosystem while nutrients cycle.
Energy flows through circuits.
Energy flows through ecosystems.
Energy flows through environments.
Energy flows through materials.
Energy flows through our being, and is directed by our consciousness.
Energy flows through our Being, and is directed by our consciousness.
Energy flows through the body the way blood flows through the body.
Energy flows through the food chains.
Energy flows through various food chains.
Energy flows through wire.
Energy flows where attention goes.
Energy flows where it is accepted.
Energy flows, matter recycles.
Energy flows, nutrients cycle.
Energy flows, which have a certain direction, flow from one mechanism to another.
Energy fluctuates up and down.
Energy follows attention, and so on and so on.
Energy follows attention.
Energy follows the mind.
Energy follows the path of least resistance.
Energy follows thought and the eye directs the energy.
Energy follows thought and thoughts are things.
Energy follows thought, and matter is energy condensed.
Energy follows thought, follows energy ad infinitum.
Energy follows thought.
Energy fuels a start-up where time is everything.
Energy fuels economic prosperity which is the only remedy to poverty.
Energy fuels growth.
Energy fuels life.
Energy fuels muscle growth.
Energy fuels our lives in countless ways.
Energy gains air resistance.
Energy gains energy.
Energy gains gravitational energy.
Energy gains gravitational potential energy.
Energy gains potential energy.
Energy gains resistance.
Energy generated by burning fossil fuels releases pollutants into the atmosphere.
Energy generated by the cell is used to cause the flagellum or flagella to rotate.
Energy generated by the core also keeps gravity at bay.
Energy generates effects.
Energy generates electricity.
Energy generates magnetism, and a stronger magnetism vibrationally influences a weaker one.
Energy generates more energy.
Energy gets heat.
Energy given off by the tracers is detected and processed by special computerized camera systems.
Energy goes into attractive forces.
Energy goes into forces.
Energy goes into the formation of ideas whether they be correct or incorrect, sensible or silly.
Energy goes through roofs.
Energy goes up as a square of the voltage .
Energy grows food and keeps people alive.
Energy has a broad reach into topics like science, economics, social science, and the environment.
Energy has a one way flow.
Energy has ability.
Energy has advantage.
Energy has and is consciousness.
Energy has another name, calories.
Energy has been restored, ideas are fresh, and goals are crystal clear.
Energy has different ways of moving from warmer matter to cooler matter.
Energy has dimensions.
Energy has effects.
Energy Has endurance and follow through on a task.
Energy has examples.
Energy has harmful effects.
Energy has many different forms and comes in many different disguises.
Energy has many different forms in space.
Energy has many forms, which scientists have demonstrated are all fundamentally the same.
Energy has mass.
Energy has motion.
Energy has movement.
Energy has nothing logically to do with order-disorder.
Energy has power.
Energy has properties.
Energy has remarkable properties.
Energy has the capacity to do work.
Energy has the potential to exert a force over a distance.
Energy has to be expended to impart potential energy.
Energy has to be moved.
Energy has to go somewhere.
Energy has to move in order to work properly.
Energy has two forms which provides either motion or storage.
Energy has two terms, the first one controls smoothness, and another one related to image gradient.
Energy has very long supply chains, lots of intermediaries for refining and distribution.
Energy has vibration.
Energy heats air.
Energy heats surfaces.
Energy heats water.
Energy holds matter together and can become mass or be derived from mass.
Energy illuminates the lights in our homes and moves cars down the road.
Energy implicates movement and activity.
Energy includes heat.
Energy includes portions that are experiencing different levels or dimensions of consciousness.
Energy increases as metabolism improves.
Energy increases chances.
Energy increases energy.
Energy increases motion.
Energy increases potential energy.
Energy increases pressure.
Energy increases to the left.
Energy increases transmit energy.
Energy increases upward and angular momentum increases to the right.
Energy increases wind energy.
Energy increases with age.
Energy intake in obesity resistant animals.
Energy involves bonds.
Energy is a basic form of matter in the paradigms of science.
Energy is a basic necessity of an ecosystem.
Energy is a big part of our game.
Energy is a constant in all living and non-living things.
Energy is a convenient way to account for a system's ability to do useful work.
Energy is a critical factor in the country's irrigation system.
Energy is a critical issue in Northeast Asia.
Energy is a critical sector.
Energy is a cyclical business.
Energy is a dominant factor in deforestation.
Energy is a dominant geopolitical and economic factor.
Energy is a dynamic force in constant flux that circulates throughout the body.
Energy is a force.
Energy is a form of matter.
Energy is a form of vibration.
Energy is a fundamental concept in the sciences.
Energy is a fundamental concept that links ecology, biology, and the physical sciences.
Energy is a fundamental concept.
Energy is a fundamental ingredient for economic expansion.
Energy is a general term, of which work and heat are two examples.
Energy is a global issue, that's the bottom line.
Energy is a group of kids who practice songs, dance, and sign language to do performances.
Energy is a hot topic, as gas and oil prices rise and California copes with rolling blackouts.
Energy is a hot topic.
Energy is a key element in infrastructure and plays a central role in economic development.
Energy is a key factor in addressing major environmental challenges such as climate change.
Energy is a key for tonight's game.
Energy is a key issue.
Energy is a major aspect of the economy and managing it properly is very important.
Energy is a major contributor to Australia's economy.
Energy is a measurement of the ability of something to do work.
Energy is a national resource.
Energy is a necessity at home and at work.
Energy is a necessity for modern life.
Energy is a necessity for people.
Energy is a notion central to physics, chemistry, physiology, and life itself.
Energy is a part of all chemical processes.
Energy is a phenomenon.
Energy is a physical phenomenon
Energy is a precious resource.
Energy is a pretty major bet.
Energy is a primary factor in controlling and maneuvering an aircraft.
Energy is a prime example.
Energy is a prime requisite for body function and growth.
Energy is a problem all over the world and where it hits the hardest for most is the wallet.
Energy is a problem that has seen lots of talk but little action.
Energy is a problem that requires action.
Energy is a property associated with a material body.
Energy is a property of many substances and is associated with mechanical motion.
Energy is a property of many substances and is associated withmechanical motion.
Energy is a property of matter and space.
Energy is a quantity that gives an object the ability to affect other objects.
Energy is a quantity, governed by the first law.
Energy is a rather abstract concept.
Energy is a refined and evocative creation.
Energy is a resource whose non-sustainability is readily apparent based on current usage patterns.
Energy is a resource.
Energy is a scalar concept.
Energy is a scalar function.
Energy is a subject of much interest in many countries.
Energy is a thing.
Energy is a third resource.
Energy is a top priority.
Energy is a unifying concept that cuts across physics, chemistry, and biology.
Energy is a versatile actor.
Energy is a very different thing from violence.
Energy is a very difficult quantity to define.
Energy is a very real physical entity.
Energy is a vital input to our economy and our modern society.
Energy is a word to describe the power and effort and a force.
Energy is a word which tends to be used a lot in everyday life.
Energy is absorbed and only partially regained upon retraction.
Energy is absorbed at the molecular level only when the correct quanta of energy is available.
Energy is absorbed by atoms.
Energy is absorbed by atoms.
Energy is absorbed during an exothermic reaction.
Energy is absorbed during chemical changes involved in cooking, like baking a cake.
Energy is absorbed from the surroundings.
Energy is absorbed or released in chemical reactions.
Energy is absorbed when a liquid turns into a gas, and released when the reverse happens.
Energy is absorbed when a solid changes to a liquid and when a liquid changes to a gas.
Energy is absorbed when a solid turns into a liquid, and released when the reverse occurs.
Energy is absorbed when an electron is captured by an atom.
Energy is absorbed, so final shell is further from nucleus.
Energy is abundant and reliable.
Energy is acquired or released when a material changes phase.
Energy is acquired through the food an athlete consumes before a game.
Energy IS active.
Energy is added to the air in each stage which increases the pressure.
Energy is added when evaporation occurs.
Energy is added when melting occurs.
Energy is aimed at the next gathering and setting up a system to respond to visitors.
Energy is all important.
Energy is all there is.
Energy is already there.
Energy is also a key component of setting wage rates.
Energy is also a major component of our international balance of trade.
Energy is also a major problem.
Energy is also a vital input to process and safely store our many food and fiber products.
Energy is also dependent upon one-pointed direction.
Energy is also divided into quanta.
Energy is also essential as a means of economic growth and a better quality of life.
Energy is also essential to the consumption side of our economy.
Energy is also important to Kazakhstan, which has impressive oil resources.
Energy is also in short supply.
Energy is also measurable from a multitude of motor units.
Energy is also the capacity to do work.
Energy is also the most expensive thing when raising sheep.
Energy is also transferredthrough the centers, edges, and frames of windows.
Energy is always available to exchange with the other.
Energy is always energy, regardless of dimension.
Energy is always neutral.
Energy is amplified to extremely high intensity by an atomic process called stimulated emission.
Energy is an abstract property associated with the capacity to do work .
Energy is an additive quantitative entity.
Energy is an easy subject made difficult by government policy makers.
Energy is an essential ingredient for social and economic development.
Energy is an exciting subject.
Energy is an important and abstract physical entity.
Energy is an important factor in the successful operation of equipment in remote locations.
Energy is an important input into the economy.
Energy is an important issue.
Energy is an important part of our daily lives.
Energy is an important part of our universe, our world, our state and our lives.
Energy is an important resource at all levels of social development.
Energy is an integral part of daily operations.
Energy is an interesting concept.
Energy is an international commodity.
Energy is an investment.
Energy is an issue that touches people's daily lives in so many ways.
Energy is and it has to be somewhere.
Energy is another area in which French technology excels.
Energy is another component of Brighton Dam.
Energy is another currency.
Energy is another dimension.
Energy is any signal the receive circuits detect.
Energy is any type of stored energy.
Energy is arguably the central unifying concept in physics.
Energy is as essential to our economy as water is to life.
Energy is as physical as matter.
Energy is associated with forces between the particles.
Energy is at a premium in every busy parent's life.
Energy is at a premium, and matter is gradually converted to meet the remaining demands.
Energy is at the centre of the environment-economic interface.
Energy is at the heart of the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol.
Energy is at the root of increased standards of living for all.
Energy is at the very core of virtually all of our daily activities.
Energy is basic to development.
Energy is big news and big bills.
Energy is both a constant in the human existence while also representing the process of change.
Energy is both an economic and national security issue.
Energy is bound up in sugar in the form of chemical bonds.
Energy is boundless and opportunities are abundant.
Energy is by far the largest business in Wyoming.
Energy is by virtue of it motion.
Energy is capacity to do work.
Energy is captured inside the attic and placed into use.
Energy is carried out of the corona in several ways.
Energy is categorically different from chance.
Energy is caused by movement.
Energy is caused by the motion of matter.
Energy is certainly one of the things, and the other is optimism.
Energy is change in state, such as potential or kinetic energy.
Energy is change or potential change.
Energy is change.
Energy is classified as either kinetic or potential energy.
Energy is classified as potential or kinetic.
Energy is clearly a very important issue.
Energy is collected from the relative motion of the body compared to the fixed point.
Energy is comfortable here, and can bestow blessing quite freely.
Energy is concentrated in low frequencies in vowels.
Energy is concentrated into a single rotating shaft.
Energy is concentrated on the potential conflict between home, family and career interests.
Energy is conserved .
Energy is conserved according the law of physics.
Energy is conserved by depressing the building, also.
Energy is conserved for any body of any mass moving at any velocity.
Energy is conserved in a system.
Energy is conserved in such transfers.
Energy is conserved in the entire, closed system, which includes the oceans and the atmosphere.
Energy is conserved only in elastic collisions.
Energy is conserved when efficiency is improved or when energy waste is avoided.
Energy is conserved, so the pressure energy plus the kinetic energy stays constant.
Energy is conserved.
Energy is constant.
Energy is consumed by devices.
Energy is consumed during the production of anything that can be bought or sold.
Energy is consumed in the contraction of the muscles.
Energy is contagious and interviewers love it.
Energy is contagious.
Energy is contained and prolonged.
Energy is contributed to the process in the form of hydrolysis of pyrophosphate.
Energy is converted from one form to another while the total remains the same.
Energy is converted in plants through the process of photosynthesis.
Energy is converted to biomass, and ecosystems vary in their productivity.
Energy is converted to matter.
Energy is created at the star's center.
Energy is created by control nuclear reaction.
Energy is created by nuclear reaction.
Energy is created by reaction.
Energy is created in the oxidation process.
Energy is created when objects are burned.
Energy is crucial to purifying and transporting water.
Energy is crucial to sustaining economic growth and employment in Mexico.
Energy is decreased and fatigue and malaise are increased.
Energy is defined as having the ability to do work.
Energy is defined as the ability or capacity to perform work.
Energy is defined as the ability to do work or cause change.
Energy is defined as the ability to do work.
Energy is defined as the ability to perform work.
Energy is defined as the action of the document.
Energy is defined as the capacity of a physical system to perform work .
Energy is defined as the capacity to do work and is the power that keeps the body functioning.
Energy is defined as the capacity to do work, such as creating heat, light, or motion.
Energy is defined as the capacity to do work.
Energy is defined as the capacity to perform work.
Energy is defined as the power to do work.
Energy is defined in classical thermodynamics as the capacity to do work.
Energy is delivered through a catheter that is positioned close to the abnormal electrical pathway.
Energy is delivered to the brain by the oxidation of glucose from the blood.
Energy is delivered to the cell electrically, via roller contacts.
Energy is depicted in kilocalories.
Energy is depleted when the only focus is profitability without contributing to society.
Energy is derived from the digestion of several compounds, including carbohydrates and fat.
Energy is derived from the sun either directly or indirectly.
Energy is derived from the sun via plants .
Energy is derived primarily from carbohydrates, fats, and any protein excesses.
Energy is destroyed in transformations from one type to another.
Energy is directed toward boll production and away from vegetative growth.
Energy is dissipated as heat.
Energy is dissipated by untruth.
Energy is dissipated in the form of heat and acoustical energy.
Energy is dissipated in the materials, joints and connections.
Energy is dissipated into the air body heat energy can also be used to evaporate water.
Energy is dissipated.
Energy is distributed over the solar system.
Energy is distributed unevenly throughout the universe.
Energy is diverted to internal matters and margins suffer.
Energy is diverted, in a lossless fashion, from overcharged batteries to the weakest link.
Energy is drawn from the earth, concentrated, and sent out into the world.
Energy is drawn up the vertical mid line of the body through the outer bioenergy layer.
Energy is drives.
Energy is easier to come by.
Energy is easy to look at in history because man has used it and changed it throughout time.
Energy is economy.
Energy is emitted as radiation in the electromagnetic spectrum.
Energy is emitted in the form of a neutrino and characteristic x-rays.
Energy is emotional, adaptable, sensitive, sacrificing, sorrowful, and often diffused.
Energy is energy and has many possibilities.
Energy is energy because it moves and energizes.
Energy is energy caused by chemical reactions.
Energy is energy in both cases.
Energy is energy.
Energy is ephemeral and only useful when it's being channeled to create or shape better matter.
Energy is equal to charge times voltage.
Energy is especially important during late gestation as it affects lamb size and vigor at birth.
Energy is especially the problem.
Energy is essential for all biochemical and physiologic functions in the body.
Energy is essential for economic growth.
Energy is essential for promoting living standards.
Energy is essential to all aspects of society.
Energy is essential to economic and social developmentand improved quality of life.
Energy is essential to life.
Energy is essential to the muscles' ability to contract.
Energy is essential to the production side of our economy.
Energy is eternal delight . . .
Energy is everything, the ultimate, irreducible essence of the universe.
Energy is everywhere in nature-sunlight, wind, water, plants, and animals.
Energy is everywhere.
Energy is exchanged or transformed in all chemical reactions and physical changes of matter.
Energy is expended at many different points and in many different ways in the manufacture of a coat.
Energy is expended directly only in the transport of sodium out of the cells.
Energy is extracted to drive the compressor.
Energy is extremely fluid, so stabilizing prevents wasting energy.
Energy is focused on top of the tungsten tip, where a plasma can be created.
Energy is forces.
Energy is found in different forms including light, heat, chemical, and motion.
Energy is found in different forms, such as light, heat, sound and motion.
Energy is found in molecules such as glucose.
Energy is from food in a process called respiration .
Energy is funneled into the stalks instead of new growth for rhubarb growth as a vegetable.
Energy is funneled into the stalks instead of new growth.
Energy is gained by absorbing other people's souls, a nasty looking but necessary procedure.
Energy is gathered together for forward motion, and then is released.
Energy is generated as air equalizes from high-pressure areas to low pressure areas.
Energy is generated by a hybrid solar-hydrogen system.
Energy is generated by being lined up.
Energy is generated by breaking down a common cellular component, which produces lactic acid.
Energy is generated by community support for a group of hard working people with great ideas.
Energy is generated by fusion.
Energy is generated by generators.
Energy is generated by nuclear fusion.
Energy is generated by photophosphorylation .
Energy is generated by sound waves.
Energy is generated by stations.
Energy is generated from reduced inorganic molecules.
Energy is generated from the utilization of proteins, fats, and carbohydrates.
Energy is generated in the core.
Energy is give off of electricity.
Energy is given by an integral of stress drop times displacement over the rupture surface.
Energy is given in units of wavenumber.
Energy is given out as sound and as heat .
Energy is good health.
Energy is good.
Energy is governed by universal laws and principles.
Energy is harnessed and given away to other forms.
Energy is harvested during cellular respiration in stages.
Energy is harvested from each pyruvate molecule at end of Krebs cycle.
Energy is heat, movement, light, sound, sensation.
Energy is heat.
Energy is heightened, the heart is opened, the mind becomes clear and peaceful.
Energy is held in common and shared freely.
Energy is high and emotions are highly charged.
Energy is how things change and move.
Energy is important and even fundamental for local activities and local life.
Energy is important because it powers life processes.
Energy is important in late winter, especially in years of low acorn production.
Energy is in degrees and it can match matter and can act on it, even in very subtle states in form.
Energy is in everything, and found everywhere.
Energy is in everything.
Energy is in fact a key factor for addressing major environmental challenges such as climate change.
Energy is indeed a physical reality.
Energy is indeed an interesting subject to study.
Energy is indestructible, therefor it has permanently valid stability.
Energy is information in motion.
Energy is information, be it light, electromagnetic radiation, stimulus-response or whatever.
Energy is information, information is in the eye of the beholder.
Energy is information.
Energy is inherently a risky business, but poorly regulated energy is even riskier.
Energy is input to the earth and responses are recorded at the surface, in the air, or in boreholes.
Energy is internal and inherent.
Energy is internal or inherent power.
Energy is inversely porportional to the wavelength.
Energy is inversely proportional to wavelength.
Energy is involved in all manufacturing processes.
Energy is involved in chemical and physical change.
Energy is just energy and nothing more.
Energy is just one of the questions considered.
Energy is just really small stuff, moving fast.
Energy is just the ability of a body to do work.
Energy is liberated matter, matter is energy waiting to happen.
Energy is life, and energy is also death.
Energy is life.
Energy is Light.
Energy is like water flowing down hill.
Energy is limited to what the generator can put out.
Energy is locked within the chemical structures of foods.
Energy is lost , the proto-star contracts and heats up.
Energy is lost across the resistor and shows up as heat.
Energy is lost as heat at each step of a food chain.
Energy is lost as it flows through an ecosystem.
Energy is lost as it moves from lower to higher trophic levels.
Energy is lost as it moves up the stage.
Energy is lost at each stage of a food chain or web.
Energy is lost at each trophic level, so top predators are scarce.
Energy is lost because some of the energy that is absorbed is used before the organism dies.
Energy is lost between levels of food chains.
Energy is lost by conversion to heat in their metallic components.
Energy is lost by means of increasing the wavelength, known as gravitational redshift .
Energy is lost by respiration, waste, decomposition.
Energy is lost due to heat in cellular respiration.
Energy is lost during any transfer process.
Energy is lost each step of the way as heat or energy needed for the chase.
Energy is lost from food chains at each trophic level.
Energy is lost from one level to the next.
Energy is lost from the ecosystem in the form of heat through cell respiration.
Energy is lost in faeces during egestion.
Energy is lost in several ways.
Energy is lost in sex, exchanged, enjoyed, given off, but enjoyed.
Energy is lost in the process of making lift because of the airflow around the wingtips.
Energy is lost in the transfer between each trophic level.
Energy is lost in the transition from producers to consumers.
Energy is lost in urine during excretion.
Energy is lost making electricity.
Energy is lost scuffing away the rubber.
Energy is lost through the frictional interaction of fibres.
Energy is lost through the legs.
Energy is lost to the ball in other ways, as well.
Energy is lost via three mechanisms.
Energy is lost.
Energy is love, and love is magic.
Energy is low and many patients become depressed.
Energy is low since the Paladin relies on mana-free auras.
Energy is low.
Energy is made available to different systems for use.
Energy is made of momental elements of existence.
Energy is mass multipled by square velocity.
Energy is mass.
Energy is matter and matter is energy.
Energy is matter.
Energy is measured as either digestible energy or metabolizable energy.
Energy is measured as the isotopes emit gamma rays and decay to a stable form.
Energy is measured in calories, or joules.
Energy is measured in calories.
Energy is measured in different ways.
Energy is measured in joules, and temperature in degrees.
Energy is measured in Joules, and when energy flows, the flow is measured in Joules per second.
Energy is measured in Joules.
Energy is measured in kilowatt-hours.
Energy is measured in many ways.
Energy is measured in other units as well.
Energy is measured in the amount of work it does.
Energy is measured in two different ways by the feed industry.
Energy is measured in units called calories.
Energy is measured in watt-hours.
Energy is minimized if minimize is true and maximized if it is false.
Energy is money.
Energy is more attractive than beauty in a man.
Energy is more intuitive and user friendly.
Energy is more inward and personal as a new cycle of activity begins.
Energy is more likely to be limiting for calves on wheat pasture.
Energy is more plentiful than ever in human history.
Energy is most critical for brood ewes.
Energy is most effective when it's focussed, of course, and it feels best when it's positive.
Energy is most readily available in the chemical bonds of carbohydrates.
Energy is motion, and motion is time.
Energy is moved around in thousands of megawatts and is steered by least resistance.
Energy is moved through an ecosystem via a food web, which is made up of interlocking food chains.
Energy is moved to the photosphere by convection.
Energy is natural.
Energy is necessary for a phase change, often in the form of heat energy.
Energy is necessary for growth.
Energy is necessary for living beings to grow.
Energy is necessary to bring water from underground reservoirs to the earth's surface.
Energy is necessary to do work.
Energy is necessary to drive the evaporation process.
Energy is necessary to establish the hyperosmotic gradient.
Energy is necessary to maintain life.
Energy is necessary to transmit the message from the sender to the receiver.
Energy is needed by all living things.
Energy is needed by the contracting muscles to sustain the repetitions of the physical activity.
Energy is needed for all life.
Energy is needed for body temperature regulation.
Energy is needed for growth and development and for maintaining homeostasis.
Energy is needed for heartbeat, respiration, temperature and other functions of the body.
Energy is needed for keeping the vital organs working and generally staying alive.
Energy is needed for our bodies, together with plants to grow and move about.
Energy is needed for things to move or grow.
Energy is needed to break covalent bonds.
Energy is needed to combat entropy.
Energy is needed to do work and work is measured in joules .
Energy is needed to drive the chemical reactions that occur in cells.
Energy is needed to grow, reproduce, move, and to work.
Energy is needed to grow, run around, work, think and even sleep.
Energy is needed to heat water and to run appliances.
Energy is needed to keep the matter in such a condition that life can exist.
Energy is needed to melt the ice.
Energy is needed to overcome electrical repulsion of hydrogen nuclei.
Energy is needed to overcome electrical repulsion.
Energy is needed to overcome the color force field.
Energy is needed to strip electrons from atoms to make plasma.
Energy is needed to supply the force that accelerates the airplane.
Energy is needed to support immune function and support a fever.
Energy is neither cheap nor non-polluting.
Energy is neither created nor destroyed, it changes from one form to another.
Energy is neither good or bad.
Energy is neutral.
Energy is never a fundamental entity of a theory as positions or wavefunctions are.
Energy is never a problem.
Energy is never static, therefore it is impossible to show energy movements on a picture.
Energy is no big problem in Egypt.
Energy is no different from any other commodity in the marketplace.
Energy is no different.
Energy is no longer a minor component of production costs.
Energy is nothing more than the ability for something to do work.
Energy is numbers.
Energy is observed as force setting matter in motion.
Energy is obtained from electricity by transformation to other forms.
Energy is obtained from inorganic chemicals such as sulfur or nitrogen compounds, iron, hydrogen.
Energy is obtained from nearby hydroelectric stations and a gas-fired thermal power station.
Energy is obtained from stored carbohydrates.
Energy is obtained from water hydrogen using solid state materials.
Energy is of great value, but there are problems associated with using it.
Energy is often a major component of the variable costs of metallurgical processing.
Energy is often the most limiting factor to animal performance on forages.
Energy is on a continuum.
Energy is one key to higher food production in the region.
Energy is one of the basic necessities of our universe.
Energy is one of the most important concepts in physics.
Energy is one of the most powerful and challenging concepts in science.
Energy is one of the most powerful forces shaping our lives and our nations's security.
Energy is one of the questions considered.
Energy is one of the two fundamental ideas in physics.
Energy is one potent driver.
Energy is one, highways, water.
Energy is our economic lifeblood.
Energy is paramount to technology companies.
Energy is part of a global business, and so too is the media.
Energy is part of nature.
Energy is part of what makes life worth living.
Energy is partitioned differently in immature silage than in normal corn silage.
Energy is passed down the food chain as organisms are ingested.
Energy is passed from hosts to parasites.
Energy is passed from one organism to another in a complex network like a spider's web.
Energy is passed from one organism to another.
Energy is passed from the sun to the corn, to the field mouse and to the rat snake.
Energy is passed from the sun to the organisms through the food chain .
Energy is passed though the food chain by animals feeding.
Energy is passed through levels in an ecosystem.
Energy is perceived in different ways by the human body.
Energy is physical phenomenons.
Energy is physical.
Energy is plentiful and priced well below the national average.
Energy is potential, like the cocking of a crossbow.
Energy is power for using spells.
Energy is power integrated over time.
Energy is power times time.
Energy is power.
Energy is present whenever there are moving objects, sound, light, or heat.
Energy is probably the most important area to get ephemeralized and put into people's hands.
Energy is produced by burning limited fossil fuels like coal, oil, and natural gas.
Energy is produced by emitting a uniform light beam.
Energy is produced by fusion.
Energy is produced by helium fusion.
Energy is produced by nuclear reaction.
Energy is produced by nuclei.
Energy is produced by photosynthesis.
Energy is produced by reaction.
Energy is produced by sound vibration.
Energy is produced by vibration.
Energy is produced in the form of heat and light.
Energy is produced in various power reactor types, in heat generators, in space propulsion, etc.
Energy is proportional to frequency.
Energy is provided by a lightbulb.
Energy is provided by emf in a circuit.
Energy is provided by mitochondria and chloroplasts .
Energy is provided by the translation of primary motion among the particles.
Energy is provided for aquatic life in the form of leaves and twigs.
Energy is provided in the form of high temperature-high voltage arcs at the spark igniter gaps.
Energy is provided to ecosystems primarily in the form of sunlight.
Energy is provided to lighting systems through breaker panels and circuits.
Energy is pumped into the ocean by the winds and tides.
Energy is put into a circuit by the battery or the commercial electricity supplier.
Energy is quantified in the ration in many ways.
Energy is quantized .
Energy is quantized.
Energy is radiated away in the brilliant flash of light.
Energy is radiated away.
Energy is radiated from the distal end of each blade facet.
Energy is radiated through people, both positive and negative.
Energy is raised in coven rituals and most often molded into the form of a Cone.
Energy is really the power to make something happen.
Energy is recognised in two forms, kinetic and potential.
Energy is recovered from outgoing air exhaust using a wheel, coil, pipe, or other device.
Energy is recycles on site.
Energy is relased when the moisture condenses and falls out as rain.
Energy is released all of a sudden in large quantity.
Energy is released along with some carbon dioxide and water.
Energy is released and used to pump protons from stroma to thylakoid space.
Energy is released as issues become unblocked and solutions identified.
Energy is released as the fracture occurs.
Energy is released as the paper combines with fire and oxygen, and the paper is degraded into ashes.
Energy is released as the solid is formed and the entropy decreases.
Energy is released because of rapid movement on a fault.
Energy is released by chemical reaction.
Energy is released by coal.
Energy is released by earthquakes in the form of seismic waves.
Energy is released by inorganic chemical reaction.
Energy is released by inorganic reaction.
Energy is released by nuclear reaction.
Energy is released by oxidation.
Energy is released by reaction.
Energy is released by wavelengths which are distinct and unique to each mineral element.
Energy is released during a cell s oxidation of glucose.
Energy is released during nuclear fission and nuclear fusion.
Energy is released from digested food by oxidation of the individual cells of plants and animals.
Energy is released from the phosphate bonds during a chemical reaction.
Energy is released in a form that can be used for chemical reactions inside cells .
Energy is released in a form that can be used for chemical reactions inside cells.
Energy is released in all forms.
Energy is released in an exergonic reaction.
Energy is released in massive quantities.
Energy is released in the form of a fast neutron.
Energy is released in the form of electromagnetic radiation, or gamma rays.
Energy is released in the form of heat and light.
Energy is released in the process of a decay.
Energy is released in the process of particle decays.
Energy is released in the process.
Energy is released or absorbed during chemical reactions.
Energy is released organelles called mitochondria.
Energy is released slowly from the fat so peanuts provide sustaining energy.
Energy is released step by step in small quantity.
Energy is released when a controlled chain reaction causes uranium or plutonium atoms to fission.
Energy is released when a covalent bond is formed.
Energy is released when a gas changes to a liquid and when a liquid changes to a solid.
Energy is released when a gas molecule is popped into the pocket .
Energy is released when bonds are broken.
Energy is released when bonds are formed.
Energy is released when carbon-containing compounds are broken down.
Energy is released when isolated atoms form a covalent bond.
Energy is released when new bond are formed.
Energy is released when the glucose combines with oxygen to produce carbon dioxide and water.
Energy is released when the moisture condenses and falls out as rain.
Energy is released when the phosphate bond is broken and that energy is used for cellular reactions.
Energy is released when the waves are absorbed by a surface.
Energy is released within the cells of organisms and available for growth, repair and production.
Energy is released, and the star stabizes as a main-sequence star, which is the normal type of star.
Energy is released.
Energy is removed from the top of the auxiliary tank.
Energy is removed when condensation occurs.
Energy is removed when freezing occurs.
Energy is represented by yang and mass by yin.
Energy is required and relied upon for all of our daily activities.
Energy is required for maintenance metabolism.
Energy is required for the normal functioning of the organs in the body.
Energy is required for the reaction to occur.
Energy is required of all life processes.
Energy is required that can be supplied by photosynthesis.
Energy is required throughout the meat production process.
Energy is required to achieve comfort and convenience and to transform materials to useful effect.
Energy is required to build carbon-containing organic compounds.
Energy is required to drive the chemical reactions in the cells of any organism.
Energy is required to evaporate water from the oceans.
Energy is required to form new bonds.
Energy is required to get a molecule to translate, vibrate, or rotate.
Energy is required to maintain the activities of life.
Energy is required to make life more comfortable.
Energy is required to move the blood.
Energy is required to move the components of the engine.
Energy is required to operate household appliances, TVs, cars, and modern factories.
Energy is required to overcome the force of gravity.
Energy is required to raise the temperature of water.
Energy is required to supply the force that accelerates the aircraft.
Energy is required when a solid melts, a liquid evaporates, or when a solid vaporizes.
Energy is required.
Energy is restrained.
Energy is Russia's main export commodity.
Energy is said to be a measure of motion or activity.
Energy is said to be quantized .
Energy is saved by an automatic sleeping mode.
Energy is saved by delamping a portion of the lamps in each fixture.
Energy is saved in the boilers as the water is already partially heated.
Energy is saved since no overdrying or reheating is required.
Energy is saved, and penalties levied by power companies are reduced or eliminated.
Energy is seen in the tradition of massage therapy as a means of healing.
Energy is sent at the target and the return energy is measured.
Energy is set aside for nourishing some number of offspring.
Energy is shared and backup is made available for critical systems.
Energy is shed by that action.
Energy is shown in arbitrary units.
Energy is similar to some grains.
Energy is similar.
Energy is simply the capability to do work.
Energy is smallest when neighboring spins are aligned, either or .
Energy is smallest when neighboring spins are opposite, either or .
Energy is so fundamental that it is hard to define.
Energy is space.
Energy is spent in the work of living and is replenished by food and air.
Energy is spent only when and where needed.
Energy is spent via other kinds of sexual activity as well.
Energy is spoken about in both cosmic and earthly terms.
Energy is spreading out over the whole pond - so there are waves in the pond.
Energy is stored among the bonds between atoms of the carbohydrate molecule.
Energy is stored as chemical bonds in living things.
Energy is stored by the reactions.
Energy is stored in a capacitor in the form of electrons that have moved from one side to the other.
Energy is stored in a magnetic field in the coil as long as current flows.
Energy is stored in carbon-containing organic compounds.
Energy is stored in fats, bcaryhodtarse, and proteins in the body.
Energy is stored in the blood, in the bones, and in the organs.
Energy is stored in the body mostly in the form of fat.
Energy is stored in the bonds of molecules.
Energy is stored in the bonds of the glucose molecule.
Energy is stored in the bonds of the molecules that make up food .
Energy is stored in the chemical bonds of food.
Energy is stored in the chemical bonds of the molecule.
Energy is stored in the core.
Energy is stored in the feet as they deflect under the loads of walking.
Energy is stored in the form of a magnetic field .
Energy is stored in the form of electrical field.
Energy is stored in the high-energy bond extending to the last phosphate.
Energy is stored in the immediate short term by the rotational kinetic energy of the generators.
Energy is stored in the magnetic field, and that constitutes inductance.
Energy is stored in the magnetic field.
Energy is stored in the phosphate bond.
Energy is stored in the phosphate P-O bonds.
Energy is stored in the phosphor surface when it is exposed to fluorescent room lights or UV light.
Energy is stored in the plant in the form of carbohydrates.
Energy is stored in the process.
Energy is stored in the thick, oily layer of blubber.
Energy is stored much more efficiently as fat than as glycogen from carbohydrates.
Energy is stored rather than consumed.
Energy is stored work, WORK being the application of a force through a distance.
Energy is strong and supports all projects and all pending decisions.
Energy is strongly related to other physical quantities.
Energy is suddenly a hot-button issue for the first time in a decade.
Energy is supplied and controlled by Russia.
Energy is supplied by conversion of hydrogen to helium.
Energy is supplied by nuclear reactions in the hydrogen shell source.
Energy is supplied for pregnant cows during later winter, usually as sorghum grain.
Energy is supplied in the ration through the hay and grain mix.
Energy is supplied initially to fragments by the eruption and later by wind.
Energy is supplied through the liver.
Energy is sustainable when it relies on renewable resources such as wind and water.
Energy is task oriented.
Energy is television stations.
Energy is th e master resource of all organisms, all ecosystems, and all economies.
Energy is that which can change the motion, physical composition or temperature of an object .
Energy is the ability of exercising Power for a given Time.
Energy is the ability or capacity to do work on some form of matter.
Energy is the ability to bring about change or to do work.
Energy is the ability to cause change or to do work.
Energy is the ability to cause motion or create change.
Energy is the ability to do work .
Energy is the ability to do work in the body to maintain life.
Energy is the ability to do work or cause change.
Energy is the ability to do work or cause things to move.
Energy is the ability to do work while power is the rate at which work is done.
Energy is the ability to do work, and doing work on something gives it energy.
Energy is the ability to do work, and to do work means to move something.
Energy is the ability to do work, and work's the ability to move an object against a force.
Energy is the ability to do work, the ability to exert a force on an object to move it.
Energy is the ability to do work, to make something move.
Energy is the ability to do work, while power is the rate at which work is done.
Energy is the ability to do work.
Energy is the activating source of economies and the vital prerequisite for development.
Energy is the amount of power expended in an amount of time.
Energy is the basis for all accomplishment.
Energy is the basis of everything.
Energy is the basis of our high standard of living.
Energy is the biggest industry on earth.
Energy is the body's fuel.
Energy is the building block of all activities in the universe.
Energy is the buzzword.
Energy is the capability for doing work.
Energy is the capability of doing work.
Energy is the capacity for doing work .
Energy is the capacity for doing work.
Energy is the capacity to cause change.
Energy is the capacity to do work and is required for life processes.
Energy is the capacity to do work and transfer heat.
Energy is the capacity to do work or to transfer heat.
Energy is the capacity to do work.
Energy is the capacity to produce work, or provide heat .
Energy is the cause of movement of body, i.e. things having mass.
Energy is the centerpiece and heart of the economy.
Energy is the central concept unifying all science.
Energy is the connecting theme.
Energy is the content side of the equation.
Energy is the continuous interaction between a person with the environment.
Energy is the currency of changes, and money is the currency of exchanges.
Energy is the currency of life and of vibrancy, of balance of change.
Energy is the currency of technological progress.
Energy is the currency of the future.
Energy is the driving force behind the planet's systems and human societies.
Energy is the driving force for the universe.
Energy is the energy of motion that does the work, like the wind turning a windmill.
Energy is the energy that is associated with the motion of objects.
Energy is the engine that drives growth and development.
Energy is the essence of all that is.
Energy is the essence of life, the prime characteristic of the universe.
Energy is the essential element in all our accomplishments.
Energy is the first limiting nutrient in most dairy rations.
Energy is the first periodical in Russia exclusively devoted to energy efficiency issues.
Energy is the flow of change between fixations.
Energy is the force of life.
Energy is the forerunner of every effect.
Energy is the fuel for chemical reactions that run the various systems of the body.
Energy is the fuel for chemical reactions which run the various systems of the body.
Energy is the fuel for world economic growth.
Energy is the fuel of the economy.
Energy is the full for all transportation systems.
Energy is the fundamental, conserved capacity to perform work.
Energy is the internal energy of an object or substance.
Energy is the key between fighting off an infection or succumbing to it.
Energy is the key to our economic future, plain and simple.
Energy is the key to our modern society.
Energy is the key word to speaking effectively.
Energy is the largest volume commodity traded in the world, and is also the most volatile.
Energy is the latent power or force in an organ, which when released creates action.
Energy is the life force of the body.
Energy is the life force that fuels all aspects of physical, mental and emotional well-being.
Energy is the lifeblood of industry.
Energy is the lifeblood of our economy.
Energy is the lifeblood of the modern world.
Energy is the limiting nutrient for gains higher than two and one-half pounds per day.
Energy is the main deficiency of stock in poor grazing conditions.
Energy is the main source of development and also ecological destruction.
Energy is the main source of the buildup of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
Energy is the most common limiting nutrient encountered in sheep production, especially for ewes.
Energy is the most important topic in today s science.
Energy is the nutrient required by cattle in the greatest amount.
Energy is the nutrient that grass furnishes in greatest quantity.
Energy is the nutrient which drives milk production.
Energy is the original form of all matter.
Energy is the phenomena resulting from the process of the two becoming one.
Energy is the possibility for produce of work, by definition.
Energy is the potential of a physical system to perform work.
Energy is the power behind all movement and work.
Energy is the power that drives every human being.
Energy is the power used to do work or to produce heat or light.
Energy is the precondition for all other resources.
Energy is the primary nutrient provided by hay.
Energy is the product of thepower multiplied by theperiod of time the power isused.
Energy is the real substance behind the appearance of matter and forms.
Energy is the resisting force times the penetration distance.
Energy is the resource required for producing units and fighting the enemy.
Energy is the same.
Energy is the second important product in Serbia.
Energy is the source of all change on the planet Earth.
Energy is the source of change, movement, life.
Energy is the state of the fighter's mass at any given time, and is the result of the power.
Energy is the third challenge.
Energy is the total energy involved in the system, opened or closed.
Energy is the ultimate connection between society and the environment.
Energy is the ultimate resource, and is very similar to money.
Energy is therefore indispensable to creating better living conditions for the people.
Energy is thus the product of a force moving or moved through a distance.
Energy is too wondrous and mind boggling a subject to have just one name.
Energy is transfered by appliances.
Energy is transfered by electricity.
Energy is transfered by forces.
Energy is transfered by power.
Energy is transfered by radiation.
Energy is transfered from one system to another.
Energy is transfered from the beam electrons to the plasma electrons which become very hot.
Energy is transfered through the consumption of organisms.
Energy is transfered through the food chain or web.
Energy is transferred between two or more objects that are doing work.
Energy is transferred by electromagnetic radiation.
Energy is transferred by the sun to the earth by radiation.
Energy is transferred directly from the atmosphere into the oceans.
Energy is transferred from a hot object to a cool one by conduction or radiation.
Energy is transferred from one body to another when work is done.
Energy is transferred from one object to another when a reaction takes place.
Energy is transferred from one organism to the next as organisms eat or are eaten.
Energy is transferred from one species to another through the food chain.
Energy is transferred from one trophic level to another as organisms are consumed.
Energy is transferred from one trophic level to the next higher level.
Energy is transferred from producers to other organisms in a series of steps.
Energy is transferred from the bean leaf to the grasshopper when the grasshopper eats the bean.
Energy is transferred from the chemicals to the surroundings.
Energy is transferred from the plants to the animals and then also from animal to animal.
Energy is transferred from the power source to components in an electric circuit.
Energy is transferred from the sun to green plants and then to the animals in the food chain.
Energy is transferred from the water vapor to the cup, which cools the water vapor.
Energy is transferred in all changes.
Energy is transferred in many ways .
Energy is transferred in many ways.
Energy is transferred into the gas by heat.
Energy is transferred or transformed, without gain or loss.
Energy is transferred through an ecosystem.
Energy is transferred through the hands of the practitioner in a series of positions.
Energy is transferred through water in the state of steam.
Energy is transferred to one end of the heat pipe resulting in the evaporation of the working fluid.
Energy is transferred upwards but is diminished with each transfer.
Energy is transferred when one molecule collides with another.
Energy is transferred when one organism is eaten by another organism.
Energy is transferred when work is done.
Energy is transferred wherever there is a temperature difference between two objects.
Energy is transferred, but conserved.
Energy is transformed from negative to positive, and everyone gains.
Energy is transformed when it takes on a different form of energy.
Energy is transformed, and something new is produced.
Energy is transformed, converted, transported, and stored.
Energy is transmitted from the battery across the intact skin by a pair of wire coils.
Energy is transmitted from the battery across the skin by a pair of electric coils.
Energy is transmitted from the sun to the earth by electromagnetic radiation.
Energy is transmitted in a conical pattern into the subsurface.
Energy is transmitted to the brain by nerve endings in the skin.
Energy is transmitted without the delay and the back-lash that is caused by a box.
Energy is transported by photons.
Energy is transported from the spinning neutron star into the nebula by the magnetic field.
Energy is transported through the photosphere once again by radiation.
Energy is urge, it is vitality in any activity.
Energy is used all the way down the food chain from farm to fork.
Energy is used bending the belt around the pulleys, especially the small diameter motor pulley.
Energy is used by appliances.
Energy is used by cook appliances.
Energy is used by households.
Energy is used by humans.
Energy is used by organisms for all kinds of things.
Energy is used by power plants to make electricity.
Energy is used by the body for walking, sitting and various activities.
Energy is used by the plant to develop new tillers.
Energy is used disproportionately by the rich and by industry.
Energy is used every day to power electric lights, warm houses, or run cars.
Energy is used for life activities but in the process much is released as waste heat.
Energy is used for movement or for chemical reactions.
Energy is used for survival and reproduction.
Energy is used in the depots and offices for heating and lighting facilities.
Energy is used mainly for power generation, transportation, heating and cooking.
Energy is used to build, repair or refuel units.
Energy is used to draw the water from wells, treat it and deliver it to our homes.
Energy is used to evaporate water.
Energy is used to manufacture and operate farm equipment, and energy is used to take food to market.
Energy is used to move matter and to maintain order.
Energy is used to overcome gravity, to deform the shape of the air-filled ball.
Energy is used to perform muscular work and to maintain body temperature.
Energy is used to produce new units on demand.
Energy is used to push unfolded protein through the hole.
Energy is used to remove water form soil.
Energy is usually the most limiting in winter because of limited forage available.
Energy is utilized for combating infection and healing.
Energy is very important in our lives.
Energy is very pronounced then, and events on earth reflect that emphasis.
Energy is vey solid and unwavering.
Energy is vital for life.
Energy is vital to a country's security and material well being.
Energy is vital to economic development.
Energy is vital to maintaining the productive capacity of U.S. agriculture.
Energy is vital to nations and people, and the demand grows constantly.
Energy is wasted and that causes higher utility bills.
Energy is wasted by denying the truth.
Energy is wasted if the pan is too small.
Energy is wasted on fights, ethics complaints, verbal wrestling.
Energy is wasted when excessive levels of illuminances are used.
Energy is wasted when excessive levels of illumination are used.
Energy is watts x time.
Energy is weak and insufficient.
Energy is what causes mass to move.
Energy is what economists call relatively inelastic.
Energy is what flows when any state of an object changes.
Energy is what holds the nucleus together.
Energy is what makes matter move.
Energy is what making art is about.
Energy is when electricity creates motion, light or heat.
Energy is where both science and science fiction begin.
Energy is work x time.
Energy is zeal in motion, and energy is the forerunner of every effect.
Energy is zeal in motion.
Energy is, therefore, an essential and integral part of all chemical studies.
Energy is, therefore, conserved.
Energy isa phenomenon.
Energy isolating devices can include circuit breakers, switches, valves, and blocks.
Energy keeps building up until eventually there is another earthquake elsewhere along the fault.
Energy keeps that warmth going.
Energy knows what it has to do.
Energy leads to production.
Energy leaves ecosystems through heat losses generated by metabolism.
Energy leaves living organisms as it dissipates as heat.
Energy leaves one channel and enters another through points on each meridian.
Energy leaves the club and enters the ball.
Energy leaves the food chain as heat or in waste materials.
Energy leaves through the back door, completing the process.
Energy lights our cities.
Energy lights our towns, powers our vehicles, warms our homes, and helps run our industry.
Energy looks at the different kinds of energy that people, machines and nature use.
Energy makes a variety of loudspeakers and home theater speakers.
Energy makes change.
Energy makes everything happen.
Energy makes everything in our lives work.
Energy makes everythinghappen, and every time something happens, there is an energy change.
Energy makes things happen.
Energy makes things move.
Energy manifests itself in many forms.
Energy marks the Mercurial style.
Energy means something has the ability to cause change .
Energy means something has the ability to cause change.
Energy measures in joules.
Energy measures in watts.
Energy metabolites in the lateral vestibular nucleus in thiamine deficiency.
Energy mobilizes the strength to risk everything for the goal and the persistence to keep at it.
Energy modeling software requires time and money to run.
Energy moves cars along the roads and makes aeroplanes fly.
Energy moves from levels.
Energy moves from places.
Energy moves in yet another direction with animals that feed on dead and decaying organisms.
Energy moves off the fast track.
Energy moves out of our right hand and in to our left hand.
Energy moves the earth's crust and drives food chains.
Energy moves through an ecosystem from one trophic level Opens in modal popup window to the next.
Energy moves through an ecosystem in one direction.
Energy moves through an ecosystem when one organism eats another.
Energy moves through everyone and everything constantly.
Energy moves through matter.
Energy moves through still another link with carnivores that eat other carnivores.
Energy moves through the ecosystem along trophic macroplankton.
Energy moves through the ecosystem as consumers eat and as decomposers decay other organisms.
Energy moves to the place where our attention is focused.
Energy moves up from the earth and out through the limbs in spiral paths.
Energy moves up the food chain or web.
Energy moves upward through convection as warm air is pushed upward by cooler, denser air.
Energy moving is what the breath actually is.
Energy needs and food composition.
Energy needs decline.
Energy needs decrease with age as the result of changes in basal metabolism and physical activity.
Energy needs for contraction.
Energy needs for heating and cooling at forest home sites.
Energy needs for homeostasis.
Energy needs for movement.
Energy needs for muscle contraction.
Energy needs for transport also play an ever increasing role.
Energy needs in developing countries and sustainability .
Energy needs increase as temperature decreases .
Energy needs instruct almost all of our economic activities.
Energy needs sometimes require the transportation of used nuclear fuel.
Energy needs to be conserved.
Energy needs to be taxed differently from materials.
Energy needs to chemical reaction.
Energy needs to flow freely.
Energy needs to fusion reaction.
Energy needs to move back and forth from one form to another for an oscillator to work.
Energy needs to reaction.
Energy now goes to acceleration up an exponential curve.
Energy offers alternative uses for existing crops.
Energy oscillates between electric and magnetic forms.
Energy oscillates between kinetic and potential energy due to gravity.
Energy oscillates between kinetic and potential energy in the spring.
Energy passes along a food chain of organisms.
Energy passes along the chain in the direction of the arrow.
Energy passes from one animal to another as they eat plants or one another.
Energy passes from one level to the next.
Energy passes from place to place, object to object, but never disappears.
Energy passes through body surfaces.
Energy passes through circuits.
Energy passes through earth on a one-way trip.
Energy passes through particles.
Energy passes through surfaces.
Energy passes through vibrate particles.
Energy performs work on the material.
Energy pervades the universe.
Energy plays a crucial role in the development of the developing countries.
Energy plays a key role in environmentally-friendly business.
Energy plays an essential role in Oregon's economy.
Energy pouring outward from the sun's core creates strong magnetic currents that ebb and flow.
Energy powers all forms of transportation and even rollercoasters.
Energy powers our cars, planes, trains, rockets and rollercoasters.
Energy powers our schools, our homes, our cars.
Energy powers our vehicles, trains, planes and rockets.
Energy powers our vehicles, trains, planesand rockets.
Energy powers the world.
Energy principles to obtain natural frequencies, viscous and coulomb damping effects.
Energy produced by the sun in the form of heat and light is called solar energy.
Energy produced during nuclear fission is used to generate electricity.
Energy produces blast waves.
Energy produces coal.
Energy produces during fission.
Energy produces during nuclear fission.
Energy produces effects.
Energy produces electricity.
Energy produces energy.
Energy produces growth.
Energy produces heat.
Energy produces light.
Energy produces pressure.
Energy produces reaction.
Energy produces the disturbances, and the disturbances carry energy.
Energy produces waves.
Energy promotes en ergy efficiency and clean, renewable forms of en ergy, like solar and wind power.
Energy promotes growth.
Energy promotes lush growth.
Energy promotes plant growth.
Energy provided by food is used for working.
Energy provides benefits.
Energy Provides brief profiles of industries.
Energy provides electrical power.
Energy Provides for a more sustainable city and the conservation of energy.
Energy provides fuel for metabolism, growth, movement and other processes.
Energy provides heat.
Energy provides jobs directly or indirectly for an important portion of our work force.
Energy provides power.
Energy provides pressure.
Energy provides services people want and it creates jobs.
Energy provides the body with the ability to do work.
Energy provides the means to create and maintain body heat.
Energy provides, well, the energy for capitalism.
Energy radiates out from the focus .
Energy raises temperature.
Energy rationing is a new means to political power, and it is ever so much nicer than war.
Energy reaches earth.
Energy refers to the oxygen consumed or the calories used by the wheelchair rider.
Energy released is measured in Joule per mole.
Energy releases carbon dioxide.
Energy releases dioxide.
Energy releases gases.
Energy releases in earthquakes.
Energy releases toxic gases.
Energy remains the keystone of Azerbaijan's economic future.
Energy replaced by restraint replaced by energy describes the finale.
Energy represents dozens of top cinematographers from around the world.
Energy requires conversions.
Energy requires electricity.
Energy requires energy.
Energy requires for growth.
Energy requires for healthy growth.
Energy requires for light.
Energy requires for motion.
Energy requires for products.
Energy requires many nutrients.
Energy requires nutrients.
Energy requires reaction.
Energy requiring ionic pumps maintain concentration.
Energy results from combustion.
Energy results in negative pressure.
Energy results in pressure.
Energy rises up the spinal column creating core strength.
Energy rooting is the first level of chi kung skill.
Energy runs civilization, but people are the consumers of energy.
Energy runs down or wears out and is depleted from the system.
Energy runs machinery in factories.
Energy runs machines and makes technology work.
Energy save never turn off the monitor.
Energy saver switch and humidity control.
Energy saving estimates for a typical single family home appear with each method.
Energy seems to be moving toward the little girl.
Energy serves as a component of the transmission process.
Energy serves purposes.
Energy settles on four BPAs and launches a Web buying pilot.
Energy spins to crown chakra and above.
Energy stays proportional to magnetic field.
Energy stored in sugar is released.
Energy stores in biomass.
Energy stores in blubber.
Energy stores in dead plants.
Energy stores in fossil fuel.
Energy stores in fuel.
Energy stores in gravity.
Energy stores in heat water.
Energy stores in plants.
Energy stores in water.
Energy strikes the molecule, causing it to vibrate more vigorously.
Energy striking an opaque object warms it up.
Energy sustains life and is and ever lasting cycle.
Energy sustains life.
Energy takes many forms such as light, heat, sound, electricity, magnetism and nuclear reactions.
Energy takes many forms which can exert forces and do work.
Energy takes many forms.
Energy takes on the form of the vibration within it's surroundings.
Energy tends by geodesical economy and angular law to be bounce-confined by the tetrahedron.
Energy tends to become increasingly more disorganized.
Energy tends to go up the spine like blue fire and down the front like cool rain.
Energy tends to make animals put on weight, while protein tends to promote height.
Energy tends to run out, downhill.
Energy then flows to higher trophic levels through the consumers in the food web.
Energy then performs the function.
Energy there is awesome.
Energy total yes.
Energy touches every aspect of our life.
Energy transferred in the form of phosphate bonds is termed phosphorylation.
Energy transfers energy.
Energy transforms into heat.
Energy transforms life from hard, brutish, and short, to easy, prosperous, and long.
Energy travels between positive and negative poles.
Energy travels from the sun to the earth by means of electromagnetic waves.
Energy travels in nearly vertical paths, and phase propagation is nearly horizontal.
Energy travels through harmonics with no loss of power.
Energy travels through many basements in hot water pipes and heating ducts.
Energy travels through matter as waves.
Energy travels through the Earth in seismic waves.
Energy trickles with the tide.
Energy trusts to lose territorial monopolies Bonn.
Energy turns into energy.
Energy turns into gravitational energy.
Energy turns into gravitational potential energy.
Energy turns into heat.
Energy turns into potential energy.
Energy turns on our television sets, computers and dries our hair with blow dryers.
Energy turns windmills.
Energy underpins the social and economic fabric of humanity.
Energy use etc.
Energy use quantification methods and economic analysis of energy efficient design features.
Energy use translates into costs.
Energy used by the world's armies equals that of all the energy used in Japan.
Energy uses effects.
Energy uses equations.
Energy uses famous equations.
Energy uses for growth.
Energy uses heat.
Energy uses motors.
Energy uses sensible heat.
Energy varies with angular displacement and losses occur due to sidelobes.
Energy wants to be Free.
Energy wants to flow and spread out to areas with less energy.
Energy warms air.
Energy warms surfaces.
Energy warms surround air.
Energy wears down because the body gives out before the work does.
Energy when expended becomes exhausted, tired, spent and depolarized, dense and crystallised.
Energy withdraws from the surface of life, hibernates within, secretly reorganizing and realigning.
Energy works in a similar way.
Energy works like money in the game.
Energy works the same way.
Energy yields biotic oxidation.
Energy yields oxidation.
Energy zings all over the stage with a reckless gusto that occasionally plays without focus.
Energy always flows to the area of least energy.
Energy always follows attention.
Energy always goes from a state of order and more complexity to a disordered state.
Energy always moves from warmer to colder.
Energy always moves in two directions.
Energy always moves.
Energy always needs to freely flow.
Energy always produces more energy.
Energy often moves.
All energies are in Rydbergs.
All energies have a frequency of vibration.
All energy attached to that picture is removed and the picture now is totally dissolved and removed.
All energy becomes heat radiated into the environment.
All energy comes from the center.
All energy comes from the chemical bonds which hold atoms into molecules.
All energy flows between polar opposites.
All energy has to be put into finding solutions.
All energy has to go into the novel.
All energy is a natural force.
All energy is absorbed and heats the water.
All energy is converted, with a small loss to friction.
All energy is curved.
All energy is directed, by consciousness.
All energy is electromagnetic.
All energy is good.
All energy is positive and likewise all colours are positive.
All energy is produced by hydro-electric power.
All energy is purchased directly by our clients from licensed suppliers.
All energy is to be stored up and used in competition.
All energy isolating devices are to be locked, tagged, or both.
All energy originally comes from the sun.
All energy possesses transductive wave properties.
All energy travels through the heart .
All energy vibrates at different rates depending upon how dense or fine the energy is.
Any energy left in a dead animal is consumed by decomposers.
Any energy remaining in a dead organism is consumed by decomposers.
Any energy removed from the system means less output work from the machine.
Any energy saved is an environmental benefit.
Any energy spent in the arena is reconstituted as more greens randomly.
More energy allows microorganisms to grow faster and survive on less food.
More energy goes toward enduring the pain than toward being receptive to change.
More energy is consumed in transportation than in any other sector of Florida's economy.
More energy is consumed turning on and off a light bulb than is consumed by leaving it burn.
More energy is extracted from the same fuel.
More energy is found in the leaf than in the stem.
More energy is needed to begin turning the boiling liquid water into gaseous water vapor.
More energy is needed to excrete a unit of waste nitrogen as uric acid than as urea or ammonia.
More energy is needed to make the rope have more waves.
More energy is needed to move such affected joints.
More energy is needed to penetrate thicker regions of the body than thinner ones.
More energy is needed to reverse the swing and make it go the other way.
More energy is needed to run, less for sleep.
More energy is required because the alloy is generally stiffer than austenitic stainless steels.
More energy is required for heavier cattle and cattle gaining at more rapid average daily gains.
More energy is required to break existing bonds than is released when new bonds are formed.
More energy is required to break very strong attractive forces.
More energy is required to breathe normally in a person with low lung compliance.
More energy is required to deposit body tissue than to maintain body tissue.
More energy is required to drive off of the tee than to putt on the green.
More energy is required to turn the moving arrow than to keep it straight.
More energy is required.
More energy is returned to the marriage, as children separate.
More energy is the answer.
More energy is used by the camera if the LCD back-light is on.
More energy is used by the muscle and contraction lasts longer than isometric contraction.
More energy is used for heating than for any other purpose in American apartments and houses.
More energy is used in off-road cycling.
More energy is wasted by an under-insulated attic than anyplace else.
More energy is wasted on conflict than anything else.
More energy makes the scan more accurate.
More energy means a higher temperature.
More energy means more individual wave packets.
More energy means more power, distance, even feel.
More energy used for locomotion means there is less energy available for growth and reproduction.
Most energy affects environments.
Most energy becomes energy.
Most energy becomes heat energy.
Most energy becomes kinetic energy.
Most energy becomes mechanical energy.
Most energy becomes potential energy.
Most energy becomes thermal energy.
Most energy causes growth.
Most energy causes heat.
Most energy causes molecular motion.
Most energy causes motion.
Most energy causes random molecular motion.
Most energy causes random motion.
Most energy comes directly or indirectly from the sun.
Most energy comes from biomass.
Most energy comes from breakdowns.
Most energy comes from cellulose.
Most energy comes from chemical reaction.
Most energy comes from eat food.
Most energy comes from effort.
Most energy comes from food.
Most energy comes from matter.
Most energy comes from motion.
Most energy comes from original sources.
Most energy comes from other sources.
Most energy comes from power sources.
Most energy comes from primary producers.
Most energy comes from producers.
Most energy comes from proteins.
Most energy comes from rays.
Most energy comes from reaction.
Most energy comes from several sources.
Most energy comes from sources.
Most energy comes from starches.
Most energy comes from sunlight.
Most energy comes from ultimate power sources.
Most energy comes from ultimate sources.
Most energy comes from yolks.
Most energy consume appliances include machines.
Most energy consume appliances include wash machines.
Most energy contains in fuel.
Most energy contains light.
Most energy creates fields.
Most energy creates heat.
Most energy creates magnetic fields.
Most energy creates particles.
Most energy creates pressure.
Most energy creates vibration.
Most energy creates wind.
Most energy delivers energy.
Most energy depends on forces.
Most energy depends on mass.
Most energy depends on motion.
Most energy depends on strength.
Most energy depends on temperature.
Most energy drives steam turbines.
Most energy equals mass.
Most energy generates electricity.
Most energy gets heat.
Most energy goes into attractive forces.
Most energy goes into forces.
Most energy goes through roofs.
Most energy has ability.
Most energy has advantage.
Most energy has dimensions.
Most energy has effects.
Most energy has examples.
Most energy has harmful effects.
Most energy has motion.
Most energy has movement.
Most energy has power.
Most energy has properties.
Most energy has remarkable properties.
Most energy has vibration.
Most energy heats air.
Most energy heats water.
Most energy includes heat.
Most energy increases motion.
Most energy increases potential energy.
Most energy increases wind energy.
Most energy involves bonds.
Most energy is absorbed by atoms.
Most energy is caused by movement.
Most energy is consumed by devices.
Most energy is created by control nuclear reaction.
Most energy is created by nuclear reaction.
Most energy is created by reaction.
Most energy is generated by fusion.
Most energy is generated by generators.
Most energy is generated by nuclear fusion.
Most energy is generated by stations.
Most energy is produced by fusion.
Most energy is produced by helium fusion.
Most energy is produced by nuclear reaction.
Most energy is produced by nuclei.
Most energy is produced by photosynthesis.
Most energy is produced by reaction.
Most energy is produced by sound vibration.
Most energy is produced by vibration.
Most energy is released by chemical reaction.
Most energy is released by coal.
Most energy is released by inorganic chemical reaction.
Most energy is released by inorganic reaction.
Most energy is released by nuclear reaction.
Most energy is released by oxidation.
Most energy is released by reaction.
Most energy is transfered by appliances.
Most energy is transfered by electricity.
Most energy is transfered by forces.
Most energy is transfered by power.
Most energy is transfered by radiation.
Most energy is used by appliances.
Most energy is used by cook appliances.
Most energy is used by households.
Most energy is used by humans.
Most energy passes through body surfaces.
Most energy passes through circuits.
Most energy passes through particles.
Most energy passes through surfaces.
Most energy passes through vibrate particles.
Most energy produces coal.
Most energy produces during fission.
Most energy produces during nuclear fission.
Most energy produces effects.
Most energy produces electricity.
Most energy produces energy.
Most energy produces growth.
Most energy produces heat.
Most energy produces pressure.
Most energy produces reaction.
Most energy produces waves.
Most energy promotes lush growth.
Most energy provides benefits.
Most energy provides electrical power.
Most energy provides heat.
Most energy provides power.
Most energy provides pressure.
Most energy raises temperature.
Most energy reaches earth.
Most energy released in respiration is tranfered to the surroundings.
Most energy releases gases.
Most energy releases toxic gases.
Most energy requires conversions.
Most energy requires electricity.
Most energy requires energy.
Most energy requires for growth.
Most energy requires for healthy growth.
Most energy requires for light.
Most energy requires for motion.
Most energy requires for products.
Most energy requires many nutrients.
Most energy requires nutrients.
Most energy requires reaction.
Most energy serves purposes.
Most energy tends to be homoginous because of 'positive entropy'.
Most energy turns into energy.
Most energy turns into gravitational energy.
Most energy turns into gravitational potential energy.
Most energy turns into heat.
Most energy turns into potential energy.
Most energy turns windmills.
Most energy uses effects.
Most energy uses equations.
Most energy uses famous equations.
Most energy uses heat.
Most energy uses motors.
Most energy uses sensible heat.
Much energy has to be spent on fund raising.
Much energy is generated and polarization often occurs over singular issues in education.
Much energy is given off, in various forms.
Much energy is lost as heat and through respiration.
Much energy is lost as heat.
Much energy is lost in passing through the salt, requiring a strong seismic source for subsalt work.
Much energy is lost in the form of heat as well.
Much energy is lost in the form of heat.
Much energy is lost through anger, impatience and quick temper.
Much energy is needed here.
Much energy is put into education and health.
Much energy is spent of fending off painful thoughts.
Much energy is used in making gasoline and diesel fuel.
Much energy is used to produce primary aluminium from bauxite.
Much energy is wasted trying to push away from our fears.
Much energy remains in bonds of end-products, such as ethanol or lactic acid.
Some energy always finds a way to escape.
Some energies are quite homey and comforting.
Some energies work better in Taurus than others.
Some energy absorbs energy.
