Arrhythmias are the main cause of sudden cardiac death.
Arrhythmias are the most common sign of cardiac involvement, as with any metastatic cancers.
Arrhythmias are uncommon in acute pericarditis.
Arrhythmias are very common, affecting millions of people worldwide.
Arrhythmias are very serious.
Arrhythmias arise from two sources, the researchers say.
Arrhythmias can be either fast or slow.
Arrhythmias factor into half of all sudden cardiac deaths in the United States each year.
Arrhythmias occur commonly in middle-age adults.
Arrhythmias occur in many forms and are one of the most common heart conditions.
Arrhythmias occur throughout the population.
Arrhythmias often can occur without any symptoms at all.
Arrhythmias often occur during and after heart attacks .
Arrhythmias often occur during and after heart attacks.
Many arrhythmias are temporary, and can be a result of alcohol, caffeine, stress, or exhaustion.
Many arrhythmias cause few, if any, symptoms, and most can be treated successfully.
Many arrhythmias require no treatment as they cause no important problems for the child.
Many arrhythmias require no treatment whatsoever.
Most arrhythmias are harmless, but some can be serious and can cause sudden cardiac death.
Most arrhythmias are nothing to worry about.
Most arrhythmias fall into the tachycardia category.
Some arrhythmias are a temporary adjustment of the heartbeat.
Some arrhythmias are merely an annoyance.
Some arrhythmias are potentially fatal, causing sudden death.
Some arrhythmias can be lethal, especially ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation.
Some arrhythmias cause a noticeable skip, flutter or palpitation.
Arrival cards are simple, applications for work permits painless.
Arrival time determines length of cruising time first day.
Arrival time is a point
Arrival time is approximate.
Arrival time is four to six in the evening or by special advanced arrangement.
Arrival time is imminent.
Arrival time is one hour prior to the appointment.
Arrival time is points.
Arrival time is post-midnight.
Arrival time is two days after departure.
Arrival time is unknown.
Arrival times are approximate.
Arrival times are estimates and depend on traffic conditions.
Arrival times are estimates only.
Arrival times vary according to airline schedules.
Arrival times vary according to destination and the shipping method selected.
Arrival times vary with international shipping times.
An arrival is achievement
Arrival buys behind the dirt however avoid Missouri camping map.
Arrival denotes a child's relocation in the receiving nation.
Arrival isa action.
Arrival rises between a second whether miss buccaneers poster.
Arrival sorts according to arrival times at end points.
Arrival transfer to the city.
Arrivals are accomplishment.
Arrivals are actions.
Arrivals are encounterings.
Arrivals are independent of the state of the system but otherwise arbitrary.
Arrivals are quieter than departures.
Arrivals are the sketchy part.
Arrivals are translations.
Arrivals are travelers.
Arrivals are up in the first quarter.
Arrivals currently come from Bosnia, Serbia, Croatia, Iraq, and Sudan.
Arrivals do cite draft call-up as the main reason for leaving their area.
Arrivals have effects.
Arrivals is scheduled for the evening.
Arrivals now are usually single-file.
Arrivals Welcome to our libraries in both Halifax and South Boston .
Most arrivals have effects.
Some arrivals cause damage.
Some arrivals cause serious damage.
Some arrivals change status.
Some arrivals contribute to extinction.
Some arrivals have impact.
Some arrivals take places.
Arrogance brings a downfall.
Arrogance can only come from blindness to reality.
Arrogance causes a desire to judges.
Arrogance comes from thinking things are easy.
Arrogance comes in many fashions.
Arrogance creates the justification for refusing to serve.
Arrogance derails more leaders than any other factor.
Arrogance divides the church.
Arrogance drives out humility.
Arrogance exists in many.
Arrogance exists in two basic forms.
Arrogance has little place in such a setting.
Arrogance has no place in medicine.
Arrogance has nothing to do with it.
Arrogance has to be met with harshness.
Arrogance increases in inverse proportion to the public's capacity for outrage.
Arrogance invariably leads to condemnation.
Arrogance is a common affliction of the newly elected, and it is often fatal.
Arrogance is a common emotion expressed by many people throughout our society.
Arrogance is a crippling disease.
Arrogance is a dangerous deviation of they who are in a weaker position.
Arrogance is a dangerous failing.
Arrogance is a false sense of superiority, often covering intense feelings of low self-esteem.
Arrogance is a form of self-imposed blindness, a form of vanity, one seeing only oneself.
Arrogance is a great fault.
Arrogance is a huge red flag.
Arrogance is a human attribute.
Arrogance is a major barrier to growth.
Arrogance is a notoriously powerful deterrent to enlightenment.
Arrogance is a power, it is a power which destroys the spiritual life.
Arrogance is a sure-fire deal killer.
Arrogance is always a possibility.
Arrogance is always dangerous, especially when it exceeds one's capability to back it up.
Arrogance is bad enough, but arrogance mixed with ignorance is a deadly cocktail.
Arrogance is bad, humility is good.
Arrogance is born out of fear and insecurity.
Arrogance is confidence.
Arrogance is destructive and disdainful.
Arrogance is disastrous to a good design.
Arrogance is disease of modern society.
Arrogance is disregard for the truth and contempt for people.
Arrogance is disrespectful and dishonorable.
Arrogance is ego plus ignorance.
Arrogance is exaggerated self-esteem.
Arrogance is ignorance.
Arrogance is inexcusable.
Arrogance is just plain ugly.
Arrogance is often a defense against the terror of being alone in hostile territory.
Arrogance is one of the most common problems in all high-tech companies.
Arrogance is one state of mind being called for.
Arrogance is pain.
Arrogance is pretty powerful stuff.
Arrogance is pride.
Arrogance is pushy.
Arrogance is rampant in the hierarchy of the academy.
Arrogance is sin
Arrogance is something that comes from youth.
Arrogance is the ability to rationalize behaviour.
Arrogance is the egoism of inordinate self-importance.
Arrogance is the enemy of humility.
Arrogance is the great enemy to the believer's spiritual life.
Arrogance is the mother of all failures.
Arrogance is the polar opposite of humility.
Arrogance is the quilt of insecurity.
Arrogance is ugly wherever it appears.
Arrogance is unacceptable.
Arrogance is usually detrimental and fosters a negative-minded culture .
Arrogance is wrong, even if nothing bad is done.
Arrogance leads to other vices and the road of ruin.
Arrogance likes to make doctrine one's servant rather than one's master.
Arrogance pervades the work of certain scholars and professors.
Arrogance places one's eyes on self.
Arrogance prevents one from accepting naseehah and acting upon it.
Arrogance refuses to stir what it's got.
Arrogance rises from an exaggerated sense of self-importance.
Arrogance signals an inflexible corporate culture.
Arrogance takes one's eyes off the master.
Arrogance tends to alienate others.
Arrogance thinks it's above what it's got.
Arrogance works in Hollywood.
Arrogance usually means believing oneself to be superior to others.
Arrogant cleverness separates people, true wisdom brings people together.
Arrogant companies try to manage customer relationships to the exclusion of other people.
Arrogant cultures make lousy partners and are in the rip-off business without realizing it.
Arrogant people are limited, because they see themselves as being at a certain level of greatness.
Arrogant people imagine that they are above everything else.
Arrogant politicians tend to think direct democracy is shugu seiji - mob rule.
Arrogant specialists are nothing new, of course.
Arrogant stupidity is pathetic.
Arrow heads indicate neurotubules in dendrite.
Arrow heads indicate trichomes in inlets.
Arrow heads point towards the carboxylate end of each strand.
Arrow heads show the navigation direction of an association.
Arrow keys are movement.
Arrow keys are shortcuts for the scroll buttons in the top right corner of the window.
Arrow keys can move selections by one pixel at at a time.
Arrow keys change the snake's direction.
Arrow keys guide the surfer along the edge of a curl.
Arrow keys look in different directions.
Arrow keys move around.
Arrow keys move back and forthin the command history.
Arrow keys move picture right or left.
Arrow keys move selection highlight around.
Arrow keys Move the cursor around.
Arrow keys move the cursor up, down or sideways.
Arrow keys move the cursor.
Arrow keys move the selected area around - great for fine adjustments.
Arrow keys moves the selected record in all list screens.
Arrow keys navigate the menu.
Arrow keys Select a button if the active option is a group of option buttons.
Arrow keys work in the New volume dialog box.
Arrow keys works only in the appletviewer.
Arrow Lake is part of the Columbia River chain.
Arrows of desire are the very hub of the revolution.
Arrow of time exists on macroscopic level, as a statistical effect.
Arrow points meet at the target.
Arrow Rock is Missouri history.
Arrow squid is also important in their diet.
Arrow symbol indicates correct answer.
Arrow wood is a bush
Arrow wood is dogwood, yaupon holly, witch hazel and willow.
Arrow worms are hermaphroditic, but cross- fertilization is the rule.
Arrow worms are important predators using their bristle like jaws to catch their prey.
Arrow worms are voracious predators, with curved bristles that act as powerful jaws.
Arrow worms consume an assortment of other prey when it is available.
Arrow worms have neither vascular nor excretory systems.
Arrow worms possess heads.
Most arrow worms possess heads.
An arrow is a mark
Arrow accepts most major credit cards.
Arrow alleges that the defendants it purported to add do business in Montgomery County.
Arrow chooses a new tag line to add to each posted message.
Arrow continues to flash and direct traffic to the right.
Arrow denotes time of radiation therapy.
Arrow designates path of bullet based on examining surgeon description.
Arrow distributes a broad range of electronic components, computer products, and related equipment.
Arrow features an Explorer-like interface for browsing lists, folders, and messages.
Arrow gives location of the cottages.
Arrow goes forward.
Arrow indicate alternative rooting option with gapped positions omitted.
Arrow indicate deformed threads.
Arrow indicates a frass-filled gallery a few mm beneath the bark.
Arrow indicates area of insertion of syringe needle.
Arrow indicates channel mouth.
Arrow indicates crack.
Arrow indicates current positions offered.
Arrow indicates direction of flow of river.
Arrow indicates direction of movement.
Arrow indicates drill on inner surface of cheliped.
Arrow indicates eparterial bronchus.
Arrow indicates flake shown in the next figure.
Arrow indicates grain direction.
Arrow indicates location of brads attaching applied ornament to seat rail.
Arrow indicates location of metatibial mucro.
Arrow indicates macroglossia.
Arrow indicates magnetic north.
Arrow indicates mean ocean bottom water sulfate composition.
Arrow indicates octopus drill mark.
Arrow indicates octopus drill.
Arrow indicates one uterine horn that is very dilated by fluid accumulation.
Arrow indicates ophiuroid-bearing horizon.
Arrow indicates otosclerosis fixation.
Arrow indicates point of attachment.
Arrow indicates position of the putative cleavage site of the peptide leader.
Arrow indicates screw placement.
Arrow indicates testis tissue in the center of the ovotestis.
Arrow indicates the broad abdomen of the female.
Arrow indicates the cotyledons inside the fruit.
Arrow indicates the direction of cantilever movement.
Arrow indicates the direction of movement.
Arrow indicates the early stage of flower primordium.
Arrow indicates the laser-targeted area outside of the cell.
Arrow indicates the narrow tower of the male.
Arrow indicates the original gilded surface.
Arrow indicates the position of the streamside sludge pond.
Arrow indicates the presence of an unspecific product.
Arrow indicates the shadowing direction.
Arrow indicates the size of the fragments as compared with markers.
Arrow indicates venous outlet where crack occurred.
Arrow indicates where rear door was latched to roof rail before crash.
Arrow is a classic example of a dog who works protection high in fight drive.
Arrow is a full service pest control company.
Arrow is a maze with arrows and warpholes to direct the happless victums.
Arrow is a standard geometric primitive associated with the object speed.
Arrow is also a very quick and flashy dog in the obedience phase.
Arrow is also small guy friendly on the phone.
Arrow is an elegant, powerful, graphical interface to electronic mail.
Arrow is for pointing and selecting objects.
Arrow is for vehicle hook up.
Arrow is free.
Arrow is funded by the United States and Israel.
Arrow is no stranger to success.
Arrow is one lucky wild horse.
Arrow is one of the largest and friendliest canines in the squad.
Arrow is outside now.
Arrow is powerful, yet easy to use.
Arrow isa projectile.
Arrow isa symbol.
Arrow keys up and down navigate.
Arrow keys up and down scrolls the current block triplet.
Arrow knows about rising from the ashes.
Arrow marks the spot .
Arrow marks the spot where bull was bedded when first spotted.
Arrow now save the prefs for the open dialog box.
Arrow offers a simple three-year parts and lifetime labor warranty.
Arrow offers complete solutions to the architect or specifier.
Arrow points to a mitotic figure.
Arrow points to a myelinated nerve.
Arrow points to a poorly-defined fascicle composed of spindle cells.
Arrow points to a stab wound surrounded by a small amount of hemorrhage.
Arrow points to a very faint galaxy that appears to be more distant than any known previously.
Arrow points to an apoptotic body.
Arrow points to an example of a polymorphism.
Arrow points to the synapse from the presynaptic side.
Arrow points toward the tube welds.
Arrow produces both clocks and watches.
Arrow provides a three-year parts and lifetime labor warranty.
Arrow reaches max.
Arrow refer to various estimates for obliquity limits.
Arrow represents direction of centrifugal acceleration.
Arrow represents the direction of motion of the pulsar.
Arrow requires an Internet connection to send and receive messages.
Arrow seamlessly bridges the relationship between the manufacturer and retailer.
Arrow shows B-rex horizon at the base of a cliff.
Arrow shows direction of current.
Arrow shows ice-flow direction.
Arrow shows position of comet.
Arrow shows the abscission zone.
Arrow shows the boundary between the fluid inclusion and the host halite crystal.
Arrow shows the presence of human hepatocytes.
Arrow shows the rim of firm, white tissue typical of a leiomyoma.
Arrow shows the site of obstruction.
Arrow shows the viral nucleocappsid in transverse section.
Arrow shows where corrosion hole occurred.
Arrow shows where pod splits.
Arrow shows whose turn it is.
Arrow slits dominate the towers and the supporting wall.
Arrow snap back can result.
Arrow takes command of the stage and microphone in a unique visual and auditory experience.
Arrow uses open and enclosed car carriers with capacities usually ranging from three to ten cars.
Arrow views the credit facilities as an extension of existing credit.
Arrow wants to remedy that by improving computer and human interaction and interface design.
Arrows allow access to the previous and next index.
Arrows allow scrolling to other pages which show more generations in the same form.
Arrows allow to navigate between options.
Arrows also have various shapes.
Arrows also show the direction of various forms of energy.
Arrows also show the flow of data in the graph.
Arrows appear at the bottom of each page.
Arrows appear beside the magnification box for rapid increases and decreases in magnification.
Arrows appear next to each job.
Arrows approximately mark the time period given in the captions.
Arrows are a consideration.
Arrows are a less preferred option.
Arrows are all right, but cumbersome.
Arrows are available in wood, plastic, aluminum alloys and carbon-graphites.
Arrows are capable of projectiles.
Arrows are either carbon graphite or aluminum.
Arrows are exchanged, given away and generally circulate freely throughout the group.
Arrows are films.
Arrows are for a purpose to be used against the enemy.
Arrows are for illustrative purposes.
Arrows are hickory, cedar, etc.
Arrows are important, for they signify direction.
Arrows are marks.
Arrows are now smaller.
Arrows are of unit length.
Arrows are oriented and sized according to values read in the input file.
Arrows are particularly useful.
Arrows are perishable, and while learning, it is best to use and abuse a low priced set.
Arrows are polished and taken care of by the soldier.
Arrows are projectiles.
Arrows are set at the same absolute discharges for comparison.
Arrows are sharp at both ends.
Arrows are sharps.
Arrows are stackable items and partial quivers of the same type can be combined.
Arrows are still arrows and persecution is still persecution.
Arrows are the positions of hybridization signals.
Arrows are the types at the end of the two lines that radiate out from each other.
Arrows are used for flies.
Arrows are used for hits.
Arrows are used for pierces.
Arrows are used for shoots.
Arrows are used for targets.
Arrows are used for wounds.
Arrows are weapons.
Arrows are weapons.
Arrows are wonderful navigation tools on a web site.
Arrows burst forth without ceasing, and the blade of the spear devours trees as fire.
Arrows can be any shape or size and can be changed at any time.
Arrows can be tricky and difficult to have approved at inspection.
Arrows can come out with sizable force.
Arrows can go from heterosexual couples as well as homosexual and bisexual couples.
Arrows can kill people.
Arrows can spread or concentrate force, depending on the application.
Arrows come in a wide variety as well.
Arrows come in different sizes and weights just like bullets.
Arrows come in many sizes and weights.
Arrows come in varying widths.
Arrows communicate the direction of links, either in or out.
Arrows connect parts of the flow field to the same areas on the radar phase diagram.
Arrows connecting boxes indicate relationships between the classes.
Arrows connecting task blocks represent data transfer between tasks.
Arrows correspond to the positions of marker proteins.
Arrows defend against attacking invaders.
Arrows depict horizontal winds.
Arrows depict the flow of data and information among various sections.
Arrows depict the fluxes of carbon and energy between different ecosystem components.
Arrows depict upper limits.
Arrows designate a soft tissue density in the right lower lobe bronchus, indicating a foreign body.
Arrows designate the strongest significant over-representation.
Arrows designate the strongest significant over-representations.
Arrows entering any course symbol show the prerequisite courses that are required.
Arrows entering the box on the top are controls.
Arrows entering the left side of the box are inputs.
Arrows expand the table of contents.
Arrows facing upwards are slots only.
Arrows fly through the air, fists hit into other fists, swords cut torsos in two.
Arrows fly very slowly, even carbon arrows from a compound hand bow.
Arrows fly, man hack away at each other, horses topple into the mud.
Arrows generally indicate a return to the top of the page or table of contents.
Arrows give the percentage of approaches in that direction.
Arrows go from dots in resource box to processes if the process holds that instance of the resource.
Arrows go from processes to resource boxes if the process is waiting for the resource.
Arrows go up on screen.
Arrows hangin' out in the eighties.
Arrows have (part) sections.
Arrows have a sharp point at one end and usually a flight at the other end .
Arrows have a sharp point at one end and usually a flight at the other end.
Arrows have cane shafts, shallow nocks, fletching tied on.
Arrows have feathers.
Arrows have heads.
Arrows have metal war points, fur.
Arrows have tails.
Arrows help indicate programs starting before or ending after the current time shown on the grid.
Arrows highlight a large, hard carcinoma distoring the right labia majora.
Arrows highlight reddish-brown, glistening surfaces.
Arrows highlight the head and back of a very early embryo.
Arrows identify the insert start site of each clone.
Arrows indicate a small subset of differentially expressed genes.
Arrows indicate areas where there are additional amino acids inserted in the kappa or mu receptor.
Arrows indicate average flow direction.
Arrows indicate band shifts indicative of genes containing point mutations.
Arrows indicate bias ranges over which no transitions between states have been observed.
Arrows indicate biotin-labeled probe hybridization.
Arrows indicate boundaries.
Arrows indicate buds.
Arrows indicate centrosomes.
Arrows indicate changes in agitation speed and gassing rate as well as feedings of nutrients.
Arrows indicate changes in rhythms.
Arrows indicate characters given in the key.
Arrows indicate cilia.
Arrows indicate comparable regions of the sequence.
Arrows indicate courses of nerve impulses.
Arrows indicate current vectors shown at same aspect ratio as figure and coded as to magnitude.
Arrows indicate current-carrying surfaces of the conductors.
Arrows indicate data flow.
Arrows indicate decay.
Arrows indicate direction camera needs to be moved to be on the finishline.
Arrows indicate direction of air flow.
Arrows indicate direction of blood flow.
Arrows indicate direction of data flow.
Arrows indicate direction of gas flow.
Arrows indicate direction of sediment deposition.
Arrows indicate direction of surface overlap.
Arrows indicate direction of the data traffic.
Arrows indicate direction of water run-off.
Arrows indicate directions of mean motions in a meridional plane.
Arrows indicate dropboxes leadingto more choices.
Arrows indicate elevated edge of macular hole.
Arrows indicate estimated vertical velocities of each square at the time of the picture.
Arrows indicate fat globules.
Arrows indicate fields.
Arrows indicate flow direction and muscle fiber orientation.
Arrows indicate flow direction, dark shading indicates low photon density.
Arrows indicate gas embolus.
Arrows indicate general direction of change from previous month.
Arrows indicate general direction of movement.
Arrows indicate germinating spores in the upper left figure.
Arrows indicate groups compared in the three studies.
Arrows indicate individual ehrlichiae.
Arrows indicate inner cores.
Arrows indicate involved lymph nodes.
Arrows indicate isomers.
Arrows indicate lines of sight to stars used to explore the cloud.
Arrows indicate locations of the systems.
Arrows indicate locations.
Arrows indicate magnetic fields.
Arrows indicate major cell movements.
Arrows indicate motor movement relative to microtubule substrate.
Arrows indicate mowing practices.
Arrows indicate nerve.
Arrows indicate octopus drills.
Arrows indicate outside pockets View from the side of the bag.
Arrows indicate paths.
Arrows indicate pathways of food sources, with heavier arrows designating major pathways.
Arrows indicate pathways of food sources, with red arrows designating major pathways.
Arrows indicate percurrent extensions of conidiogenous cell.
Arrows indicate points of constriction and expansion.
Arrows indicate ports.
Arrows indicate positions of artificial cuts.
Arrows indicate positive control and blunted lines indicate negative action.
Arrows indicate positive interactions, whereas inhibitory interactions are shown by a line.
Arrows indicate possible cursor movements.
Arrows indicate proposed ground water flow paths.
Arrows indicate rare cells showing in situ hybridization signal.
Arrows indicate redshift .
Arrows indicate redshift.
Arrows indicate representative virions in both cases.
Arrows indicate rotational direction.
Arrows indicate secondary osteons.
Arrows indicate slip vector directions and relative amplitudes for each subfault.
Arrows indicate sources.
Arrows indicate spray dates.
Arrows indicate stalks.
Arrows indicate stimulus onset.
Arrows indicate strokes of piston and related coloured lines show period valves are open.
Arrows indicate sunspot maxima.
Arrows indicate th e date when bedding was reloaded.
Arrows indicate that the water table fell below the depth of the well bottoms.
Arrows indicate the approximate location of nerves and muscles.
Arrows indicate the area of surgery.
Arrows indicate the axon-like structures in the cells.
Arrows indicate the boundary between the bud's surface epithelium and inner mesenchyme.
Arrows indicate the breaks between words.
Arrows indicate the direction and relative strength of the surface winds.
Arrows indicate the direction of air flow through the system.
Arrows indicate the direction of change in risk from one report to the next.
Arrows indicate the direction of energy flow.
Arrows indicate the direction of flow.
Arrows indicate the direction of information flow.
Arrows indicate the direction of movement of the insect surface.
Arrows indicate the direction of movement.
Arrows indicate the direction of ocean currents.
Arrows indicate the direction of one way streets.
Arrows indicate the direction of pollen transfer.
Arrows indicate the direction of pyroclastic flows which followed the dome collapses.
Arrows indicate the direction of stress.
Arrows indicate the direction of the change.
Arrows indicate the direction of the data flows between software applications.
Arrows indicate the direction of water flow.
Arrows indicate the directions of particle drift which collectively constitute the ring current.
Arrows indicate the flow of counterfeit notes.
Arrows indicate the flow of information and control in the system.
Arrows indicate the flow of information or control.
Arrows indicate the flow of information.
Arrows indicate the functional relationship of the rooms.
Arrows indicate the general flow of information.
Arrows indicate the interval between the spore apex and the hyphal tip.
Arrows indicate the location of the altered-length alleles.
Arrows indicate the location of the hybridization location of the hybridization.
Arrows indicate the locations of known genes.
Arrows indicate the magnitude and direction of the proper motion for the stars.
Arrows indicate the magnitude and direction of the surface movement at each survey flag.
Arrows indicate the material that has been changed by a command or procedure.
Arrows indicate the movement of each component.
Arrows indicate the nuclei of the endothelial cells.
Arrows indicate the path of a nervous impulse.
Arrows indicate the path of light.
Arrows indicate the position of the hybridization signals.
Arrows indicate the probability of transitioning from on life history stage to the next each year.
Arrows indicate the route followed.
Arrows indicate the spikes emanating from the surface of the virions.
Arrows indicate the timing of stimulation with urine.
Arrows indicate the transcriptional direction.
Arrows indicate the trend of preferences in recent months.
Arrows indicate time points for experimental interventions.
Arrows indicate timing of snapshot features.
Arrows indicate transgene arrays, as visualized by fluorescence microscopy.
Arrows indicate types of fillers for one element of the grammar.
Arrows indicate typical paths of pre-spawning adults, larvae, and early juvenile starges.
Arrows indicate upper limits.
Arrows indicate velocity in the plane relative to the center of mass.
Arrows indicate velocity magnitudes.
Arrows indicate viewing direction.
Arrows indicate where to start cutting two inch strips.
Arrows indicate whether the submenu is opened or closed.
Arrows indicate which dialects influenced others.
Arrows indicate wind direction, from high to low pressure regions.
Arrows indicate wind directions.
Arrows indicate wind flow relative to the storm.
Arrows indicate years of dam completion.
Arrows join a thought at the bottom of the page to one at the top of the page.
Arrows joining the pins represent data flow paths, much like a pipe directs the flow of water.
Arrows kill by producing massive hemorrhaging and death by blood loss.
Arrows leaving a box on the right side are outputs.
Arrows link to each area.
Arrows litter the floor.
Arrows mark proximal ends of DNA fragments.
Arrows mark the appearance of the fertilization envelope.
Arrows mark the center of the pattern at the top and at the left side.
Arrows mark the latitudes of the eastward electrojet center.
Arrows mark the latitudes of the westward electrojet center.
Arrows mark the target regions.
Arrows mark three outer hair cells.
Arrows mark tribal dislocations.
Arrows never fall, but slow to a halt over a few days.
Arrows outline one nodule.
Arrows penetrate all armor except helms.
Arrows point from an organism that is consumed to the organism that consumes it.
Arrows point from the presynaptic to the postsynaptic process.
Arrows point in direction data moves.
Arrows point out brush border on epithelial cells.
Arrows point out various features of the oxygen tank.
Arrows point straight up, left or right, and down.
Arrows point to a gray white lesion adjacent to a large bronchus.
Arrows point to activated primordial follicles.
Arrows point to calcified plaque in coronary arteries.
Arrows point to cells adopting thecal cell morphology.
Arrows point to collapsed lung.
Arrows point to consistent positions and serve to orient sections.
Arrows point to cross-sections of a few of the many structures resembling tiny tubules.
Arrows point to cut ends of maxillary bone.
Arrows point to distal tips of broken microtubule arrays.
Arrows point to each outbreak of foot and mouth over the last four years.
Arrows point to enormous individual villi.
Arrows point to eosinophils in airway wall.
Arrows point to examples of nodules.
Arrows point to fallopian tubes.
Arrows point to fibrous connective tissue wall around granuloma.
Arrows point to gland within gland architecture, pattern termed cribriform.
Arrows point to infected red blood cells .
Arrows point to infected red blood cells.
Arrows point to intact nuclei.
Arrows point to intracytoplasmic organisms in macrophages.
Arrows point to large blood vessels.
Arrows point to macrophages in alveoli.
Arrows point to neoplastic cells arranged in papillary groups or glands.
Arrows point to nerve agglomerations.
Arrows point to normal adrenal gland on each side of large neoplasm.
Arrows point to normal vocal cords.
Arrows point to notched area that is the edge of the herniation.
Arrows point to nuclear lobes in the picture of a cow basophil.
Arrows point to numerous dark hemorrhagic spots.
Arrows point to original insertion area of the lost exopods.
Arrows point to osteoclasts.
Arrows point to parents or broader concepts.
Arrows point to peripheral lymphocyte aggregates.
Arrows point to sand and mud washed into the cave down sink holes and fractures.
Arrows point to smooth tubular profiles in the core region.
Arrows point to some key information to notice before scanning.
Arrows point to some of the labeled inclusions.
Arrows point to some of the largest vesicles.
Arrows point to synaptic vesicles and presumed polarity of chemical transmission.
Arrows point to the areas of new tissue formation five days post-evisceration.
Arrows point to the black, opaque pyrite rim.
Arrows point to the bowing deformity of the ulna.
Arrows point to the fibrillar wall structure around the parasite's penetration point.
Arrows point to the highway at risk of erosion.
Arrows point to the index cases.
Arrows point to the infilled Haversian canals.
Arrows point to the invidual cells within the gallery.
Arrows point to the lower ends of two flows.
Arrows point to the organism consuming another.
Arrows point to the predator.
Arrows point to the spacecraft, to the oxygen cloud, and to the expended Saturn V third stage.
Arrows point to the tops where they are noticeably different in design.
Arrows point to the weak link in the chain.
Arrows point to various components and features of the modules.
Arrows point to veins.
Arrows point to ventral denticles and filzkorper.
Arrows point to wave bumpers installed on beach to slow local erosion rates.
Arrows point to where individual cubies transfer to.
Arrows point to whether the fishery is getting adequate protection and management.
Arrows point to Willow Creek.
Arrows point toward high density nodes and away from low density ones.
Arrows point toward the primary swell direction.
Arrows pointing to the sides are the clips.
Arrows pointing up or down indicate market movement.
Arrows provide a qualitative indication of the magnitude and direction of carbon flows.
Arrows provide explanations.
Arrows recover from the stresses suffered when being shot from a bow.
Arrows represent connections with positive weights.
Arrows represent current.
Arrows represent data flows and relationships between tasks.
Arrows represent data or objects related to functions.
Arrows represent date of immigration.
Arrows represent direction of move as well as the approximate final position for selected area.
Arrows represent either communication paths or data access.
Arrows represent experienced trajectory when stimuli are presented clockwise at various rates.
Arrows represent flow toward the well.
Arrows represent fuel lines and flow, all fittings require O-rigns.
Arrows represent holes made by weevils.
Arrows represent impact relationships and indicate their directions.
Arrows represent possible transitions in the model.
Arrows represent reaction norms between control and reciprocal transplants.
Arrows represent the center of the design.
Arrows represent the flow of data between boxes.
Arrows represent the UV-driven wind of particles around the accretion disk of a black hole.
Arrows represent water flow paths.
Arrows run right to left by default.
Arrows seem to be overspined.
Arrows serve as links to adjacent local maps.
Arrows shoot out from the center, one going to each of the pictures.
Arrows show appearance of a blue dot on the hemisphere contralateral to the spared whisker.
Arrows show buses that are moving, and circles show buses that are stopped.
Arrows show changes relative to last weeks chart.
Arrows show differences in wind direction and speed.
Arrows show direction of flowing rocks in the asthenospheric mantle.
Arrows show direction of input and output.
Arrows show direction of movement along major transform faults.
Arrows show direction of movement.
Arrows show direction of plate movement.
Arrows show directions of mammal dispersals.
Arrows show directions of modern winds.
Arrows show fining upward beds within sands that probably record one or more tsunami surges.
Arrows show flow of ions, signals, and power among the subsystems.
Arrows show general direction of movement of parent convective system.
Arrows show inferred Late Devonian river systems.
Arrows show isolated nuclei.
Arrows show local direction of dip of lava flows.
Arrows show locations of sclerotia.
Arrows show locations of transects.
Arrows show lower limits when the tests ended without discharge.
Arrows show movement from one phase to another.
Arrows show nuclei of the outermost layer.
Arrows show parts of pattern from healthy samples.
Arrows show process direction flow.
Arrows show references between objects.
Arrows show students where to move when changing partners.
Arrows show that influence can or does flow in the direction indicated.
Arrows show that winds blow into and counterclockwise around a low.
Arrows show the area of mismatch.
Arrows show the cold plumes that interest oceanographers.
Arrows show the direction a storm is moving.
Arrows show the direction in which energy flows from one species to the next.
Arrows show the direction of blood flow.
Arrows show the direction of convergence.
Arrows show the direction of fuel flow through the entire network.
Arrows show the direction of groundwater flow.
Arrows show the direction of plate motion.
Arrows show the direction of the cochlear fluid.
Arrows show the direction of the trajectory as time increases.
Arrows show the direction of view from the observation point.
Arrows show the gas velocity with respect to the clump .
Arrows show the idealized paths of groundwater moving through the rock.
Arrows show the importance of variables in determining the nature of the lakes.
Arrows show the location and orientation of available photos.
Arrows show the markers used for linkage studies.
Arrows show the movement before and after stimulation with a glass rod at the anterior end, a.
Arrows show the path of energy flow.
Arrows show the relationship of one screen or slide to another.
Arrows show the relative motion of the plates.
Arrows show the relative movement of layers.
Arrows show the revenue streams.
Arrows show the starlight pathways as the go through the system.
Arrows show the the high water mark left by the storm surge.
Arrows show transport directions.
Arrows show two elongated processes of the apex.
Arrows show velocity magnitudes.
Arrows show waypoints for units moving, yellow lines show paths of units in retreat.
Arrows show weekly change.
Arrows show where the phosphodiester bonds are broken.
Arrows shown in road indicate the direction of the route.
Arrows shown on the drawings are over the top of shaft extensions.
Arrows slide over the tops of skwerls.
Arrows stick in monsters.
Arrows surround the field currently being edited.
Arrows trace the trajectory of the population.
Arrows try to direct players, but much wall-banging and retracing of steps are bound to occur.
Arrows undergo more than slight flexing when released from a speed bow.
Arrows always point toward the collar.
Arrows always point towards collar.
All arrows behave properly now.
All arrows bend when fired from a bow.
All arrows indicate multiple generations.
Every arrow kills one evil spirit.
Every Arrow Needs a Bow .
Every arrow stands for a document.
Many arrows can originate or terminate on particularly important concepts.
Most arrows have feathers.
Most arrows have heads.
Most arrows indicate boundaries.
Most arrows indicate fields.
Most arrows indicate locations.
Most arrows indicate magnetic fields.
Most arrows indicate paths.
Most arrows indicate sources.
Most arrows provide explanations.
Most arrows represent current.
Some arrows have distinctive stripes.
Some arrows have stripes.
Some arrows indicate chemical reaction.
Some arrows indicate examples.
Some arrows indicate exchanges.
Some arrows indicate positions.
Some arrows indicate reaction.
Some arrows indicate responses.
Some arrows indicate sequential reaction.
Some arrows indicate sites.
Some arrows represent forces.
Some arrows represent reaction.
Some arrows represent vertical forces.
Some arrows show forces.
Some arrows show in pictures.
Some arrows show motion.
Arrowhead Lake remains frozen and snow-covered in the basin near the bottom.
Arrowhead vine grows well in low to medium light with average room temperature.
An arrowhead is a point
Arrowhead indicates inner limiting membrane.
Arrowhead indicates site of filament fusion.
Arrowhead marks inner hair cell.
Arrowheads are common aquatic plants found near the edges of ponds and rivers.
Arrowheads are everywhere here.
Arrowheads are found all over the United States.
Arrowheads are part of arrows.
Arrowheads are points.
Arrowheads are up to the individual.
Arrowheads are, most often, lens shaped in cross-section.
Arrowheads delimit the cell plates.
Arrowheads identify the same canal in both sections, showing the colocalization of both proteins.
Arrowheads indicate a nodular deposit of amyloid.
Arrowheads indicate axon debris and broken lines represent the midline.
Arrowheads indicate duplication boundaries within the locus.
Arrowheads indicate mutated alleles.
Arrowheads indicate positions of dye-filling neuronal cell bodies.
Arrowheads indicate prickles, while numbers indicate vein orders.
Arrowheads indicate the connection between the left ventricle and the aneurysm.
Arrowheads indicate the direction of the initial message.
Arrowheads indicate the surface of the mucosa.
Arrowheads is a melodic song of love found and lost in New Mexico.
Arrowheads mark filopodial tips invaginating the cell.
Arrowheads mark the inoculated spikelets.
Arrowheads point to the hearts.
Arrowheads point to the stigmas, which, harvested and desiccated, constitute the saffron spice.
Arrowheads point to thickened basement membranes.
Arrowheads represent directions of principal curvature on the surface of the endocardium.
Arrowheads seem to be a common addition to a basic sign.
Arrowheads serve to identify tracheal cells.
Arrowheads show mitochondrial clusters around presumptive centrosomes in the stem cells.
Arrowheads shows the centrosomes.
Arrowmont classes are one and two-week intensive workshops.
Arrowroot flour is made from the fleshy root stock of the tropical arrowroot plant.
Arroyo City is the jumping off point for anglers and boaters.
Arroyo formation can be very destructive to agriculture.
Arroyo toads are nocturnal for most of their lives.
Arroyo toads breed in slow-flowing rivers with shallow, gravelly pools.
Arroyo toads prefer shallow pools and open, sandy stream terraces.
An arroyo is a gully
Arroyo asks and discusses all the right questions.
ARRT certification is required.
Arsanilic acid do.
An arse is an anus
Arse isa body part.
Arses are part of bodies.
Arses have (part) corpi.
Some arse is trying to get an outdoor skatepark up and running, it'll probably be rare unit cack.
An arsehole is an anus
Arseholes are productive.
Arseholes get things done.
Any arsehole can piss on the floor.
An arsenate is salt
Arsenates are chemical compounds.
Arsenates are salt.
Arsenates are salts of arsenic acid .
Arsenates are salts of arsenic acid.
Most arsenates are heavy, and none are hard.
Arsenic acid is a colorless solid .
Arsenic acid is a colorless solid.
Arsenic acid is acid
Arsenic acid is acid.
Arsenic acid is chemical compounds.
Arsenic acid is used in the making of some dyes and organic arsenic compounds .
Arsenic acid is used in the making of some dyes and organic arsenic compounds.
Arsenic acid reacts with iodide to make iodine .
Arsenic acid reacts with iodide to make iodine.
Arsenic compounds affect the nervous system, liver, kidneys, and other vital body tissues.
Arsenic compounds are acutely poisonous by ingestion.
Arsenic compounds are poisonous.
Arsenic compounds are potent human carcinogens.
Arsenic compounds are used as insecticides and in other poisons.
Arsenic compounds are very poisonous to plants and animals.
Many arsenic compounds act as carcinogens.
Many arsenic compounds can dissolve in water.
Most arsenic compounds can dissolve in water.
Most arsenic compounds have no smell or special taste.
Some arsenic compounds are used as poison gases.
Arsenic concentration exceeds limits.
Arsenic concentrations appear to be lower in the Southeast, based on a smaller amount of data.
Arsenic concentrations are generally highest in groundwater.
Arsenic concentrations are usually highest in groundwater.
Most arsenic concentration exceeds limits.
Arsenic concerns range from local to international.
Arsenic contamination is curable, sometimes simply drinking pure water is enough to cure a person.
Arsenic contamination is very sporadic and levels fluctuate so widely.
Arsenic deficiency depresses growth and impairs reproduction in laboratory animals and in chickens.
Arsenic exposure can cause a variety of adverse effects.
Arsenic exposure can increase cancer risk, cause skin problems, and blood and nerve disorders.
Arsenic exposure can pose both long term and short term health effects.
Arsenic exposure can result in lung, skin, intestinal, kidney, liver and bladder cancers.
Arsenic exposure is usually suicidal, homicidal, or occupational.
Arsenic ingestion is linked to skin cancer and arsenic inhalation to lung cancer.
Arsenic levels spur expanded studies.
Arsenic levels vary from region to region within a state.
Arsenic metal is used in alloys, in glass, as a radioactive tracer.
Some arsenic minerals have a metal and sulfur along with arsenic.
Arsenic oxide is also common.
Arsenic pentoxide is a white , odourless solid .
Arsenic pentoxide is a white, odourless solid.
Arsenic pentoxide is used to make pesticides and insecticides .
Arsenic pentoxide is used to make pesticides and insecticides.
Arsenic poisoning can cause all sorts of health problems.
Arsenic poisoning can cause neurological problems, numbness and paralysis.
Arsenic poisoning can cause such woes as kidney and liver failure as well as respiratory problems.
Arsenic poisoning can lead to cancer of the lung and skin.
Arsenic poisoning is a slow-ticking time bomb.
Arsenic poisoning is the cause.
Arsenic pollution shows brown spots on hands and feet.
Arsenic remediation can be complex, with techniques varying according to site conditions.
Arsenic solubility is controlled by adsorption, mainly on ferrihydrite.
Arsenic standards are relaxed in drinking water.
Arsenic trichloride is a colorless or yellowish liquid .
Arsenic trichloride is a colorless or yellowish liquid.
Arsenic trioxide has a garlic-like odor.
Arsenic trioxide is a human carcinogen.
Arsenic trioxide is a white solid .
Arsenic trioxide is a white solid.
Arsenic trioxide is chemical compounds.
Arsenic trioxide is extremely poisonous.
Arsenic trioxide is highly toxic when eaten .
Arsenic trioxide is highly toxic when eaten.
Arsenic trioxide is oxide
Arsenic trioxide is used to fight cancer .
Arsenic trioxide is used to fight cancer.
Arsenic victims suffer lesions, scattered tumours all over the body and some develop cancer.
Arsenic has (part) atoms.
Arsenic has properties.
Arsenic is chemical elements.
Arsenic is elements.
Arsenic is minerals.
Arsenic is oxide
Arsenic is poison.
Arsenic is solids.
Arsenic is toxic substances.
Arsenic isa element.
Some arsenic is always present in water.
Some arsenic is naturally present in soil.
Arsenical agents leave degradation products which are toxic even when hydrolysis is complete.
Arsenical paralysis is developed in some cases.
An arsenical is a drug
An arsenical is pesticide
Arsenicals inhibit thioredoxin reductase in cultured rat hepatocytes.
Arsenicals Use live traps and remove food supplies.
An arsenide is a compound
Arsenides react with acids to make arsine gas .
Arsenides react with acids to make arsine gas.
Most arsenides are more metallic , like zinc arsenide .
Most arsenides are more metallic, like zinc arsenide.
Arsenious oxide provides the starting material for most other arsenic compounds.
Arsenous acid is a colorless solution .
Arsenous acid is a colorless solution.
Arsine gas is used in the semiconductor industry when depositing arsenic on microchips.
An arsine is a gas
Arsine reacts violently with oxidizing agents , such as the halogens .
Arsine reacts violently with oxidizing agents, such as the halogens.
Arsines are among the most toxic gases.
Most arses are part of bodies.
Arson investigators are busy with two incidents, one in Ottawa and the other in Toronto.
Arson investigators are state certified peace officers.
Arson investigators believe one of the children lit a match.
Arson investigators pinpoint the blast to a crater in the concrete floor of the house.
Arson investigators say both fires appear to have been ignited by direct flame.
Arson investigators say nothing spells insurance fraud like a lease car going up in flames.
Arson investigators say the charges follow a nine-day investigation of the blaze.
Arson affects everyone.
Arson becomes more frequent, and the owners are suspected.
Arson can be a weapon for political purposes.
Arson can involve one's own property or someone else's property.
Arson carries a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.
Arson costs every person in America through higher insurance premiums.
Arson is a burning
Arson is burning.
Arson is crime.
Arson is criminal acts.
Arson is devilishly hard to prove.
Arson is fire.
Arson is frequent in young people who are unable to understand painful events in their lives.
Arson is on the rise.
Arson is physical attacks.
Arson is preventable.
Arson is still frequent.
Arson remains among the list of suspected causes.
Arson robs communities of valuable assets in lives and property.
Arson robs communities of valuable tax base and citizens suffer higher insurance premiums and taxes.
Arson wears many faces.
Arsons are an extremely difficult crime to solve.
An arsonist is a criminal
Arsonists are criminals.
Arsonists are deficient in single men and typically have ash-blonde hair.
Arsonists are located in jails.
Arsonists are now such a major headache that police have enlisted an expert on criminal profiles.
Arsonists come from all walks of life.
Arsonists compound the problem.
Arsonists hide in shrubs on church properties by night.
Arsonists tend to be indiscriminate.
Arsonists understand their history.
Arsonists work mostly at night.
Arsonists often escape punishment.
Arsonists often lack direction in their own lives, they feel inadequate.
Arsonists usually use gasoline or kerosene to start a fire .
Arsonists usually use gasoline or kerosene to start a fire.
Many arsonists share some of the pyromaniac's personality traits.
Art Abstracts allows users to limit search results to reproductions.
Art Attacks are free and open to the public.
Art books abound.
Art books are a great source for popular art scenes.
Art books are a specialty.
Art books are expensive, but they are also invaluable.
Art books are in the N's on the top floor.
Art books are very effective, and kids get excited just by looking at the pictures.
Art books Click on cover to get price and other details.
Art books line every wall.
Art Books make great gifts.
Art cars are always a work in progress.
Art cars are conversation-starters.
Art cars are very interesting phenomena.
Art cars bring art to people as much as they bring people to art.
Art cars challenge people to step out of the boundaries of social convention.
Art Children choose their favourite book and design a new cover for it.
Art Children make their own faces using paper plates, crayons, and yarn for hair.
An art class is a course
Art class allows students to find joy in color and design, while building fine motor skills.
Art class seeks students opinions for mural project.
Art classes are also available for seventh and eighth graders.
Art classes are also available in ceramic sculpture, painting and drawing.
Art classes are available for all ages.
Art classes are courses.
Art classes are open to all students.
Art classes can sketch and paint various scenes and English classes can write about the environment.
Art classes can study the use of visual imagines in creating propaganda.
Art Classes Check out our class schedules for all ages.
Art Classes Click on any course below for a description.
Art classes consist of students who enjoy working together.
Art classes deal with art concepts while linking art to other content areas.
Art classes expose the girls to a variety of media and techniques.
Art classes go out there to draw.
Art classes make a variety of masks, and in Gym children learn the basic skills of floor hockey.
Art classes meet at the museum to draw specimens and artifacts on exhibit.
Art classes promote creativity and imagination along with mechanical skills.
Art classes start the first full week of school.
Art classes thrive throughout the year.
All art classes are two hours forty minutes long and meet twice weekly.
All art classes offer a wide variety of projects.
All art classes operate on a different fee schedule depending on the age and supplies needed.
All art classes require a field trip fee.
All art classes require pre-registration.
Some art classes are for tots along with an older family member.
Art collecting can be dangerous, contagious, addictive and highly pleasurable.
Art collectors are rich, mean, corrupt people who commodify art and use it for their own ends.
Art collectors come from all economic classes.
Art Collectors Create a collection of art resources on clowns.
Art collectors know that such an additional signature greatly enhances the value of their art work.
Art collectors tend to buy several pieces over the course of a year.
Many art colleges provide helpful information about taking slides.
Most art colonies are in the East, a few out West, and a sprinkling in the Midwest.
Art conservation is the attempt to reassemble the shards of history, to undo time.
Art crafts are very sensitive to fashion.
Art crime is an international problem requiring cooperation at all levels of law enforcement.
An art critic is a critic
Art critics agree that the difference hinges on an elusive element called artistic talent.
Art critics are critics.
Art critics are to the creative process what the crab louse is to the act of making love.
Art critics assign the sculpture of Assam to the fourth school.
Many art critics like to classify the works of various artists into categories.
Some art critics believe that colour is the most essential aspect of paintings.
Art criticism is a viewing skill that enables participation in visual language.
Art criticism is impossible.
Art criticism is one of the content strands of art.
An art dealer is a dealer
Art dealers are busy trying to become wealthy also.
Art dealers are concerned with the past history and future direction of an artwork.
Art dealers are traders.
Art dealers use color images to signal the availability of their inventory.
Art dealers vie for the privilege of showing and selling it.
Art dealers welcome.
An art department is an academic department
Art department draws designs of booth for builders.
Art department is polishing textures, models and sounds for the gold.
Art direction is a medium of commercial art.
Art direction is a tool at the service of story.
Art direction is also top-notch, with badassed mechs who have vaguely humanlike characteristics.
Art direction is another skill that tends to get ignored in the world of low budget filmmaking.
An art director is a stage director
Art director Facilitates the creative sessions.
Art directors are usually in charge of assigning and supervising photographers and illustrators.
Art directors collaborate with directors.
Art directors constitute the other part of the creative team.
Art directors determine how best to represent a concept visually.
Art directors determine which photographs, art, or other design elements to use.
Art directors establish creative standards and work with vendors.
Art directors look at artists.
Art directors plan visual presentations of a client's message in pictures and designs.
Art directors read the material to be printed in newspapers, magazines, and other media.
Art directors take part in every stage of development for an advertisement.
Art directors use brain storming to be creative.
Most art directors collaborate with directors.
Most art directors look at artists.
Some art directors work years.
Art dolls are the typical, traditional floral matryushkas, each a work of an individual artist.
Art education can play a vital role in developing democratic life and the urban environment.
Art education does a lot of great things.
Art education explore the area of children's possibility.
Art education has many career options.
Art education is a humanizing balance in a technological age.
Art education is an investment of time, energy and money.
Art education is feared and discouraged in many place.
Art education is important.
Art education is no magic wand.
Art education is the synthetic education to join all knowledge, senses, experiences in it.
Art education majors only.
Art education makes a unique contribution to a student's experience.
Art education promote being analog or being digital.
Art education requires individualized instruction in a laboratory situation.
Some art educators say legislative involvement in graduation standards jeopardizes the future.
Art exhibit draws varied reactions.
Art exhibits adorn the walls throughout the year.
Art exhibits are always free.
Art exhibits are frequently on display in the auditorium with free admission.
Art exhibits are in the hall.
Art exhibits are on display in the auditorium, admission is free.
Art exhibits are on display in the auditorium.
Art exhibits are on display.
Art exhibits are on the eighth floor.
Art exhibits are one element of the incentive program.
Art exhibits are ongoing and are free.
Art exhibits can be, too.
Art exhibits change frequently.
Art exhibits change year round.
Most art exhibits are free.
An art exhibition is an exhibition
Art exhibitions are always on display in the entrance foyer, and there is also a coffee bar.
Art exhibitions are displayings.
Art exhibitions are exhibitions.
Art exhibitions are regularly organized where paintings can be boutht.
Art exhibitions change throughout the year.
Art Exhibitions See event for times.
Most art fairs occur around the same time annually and are often sponsored by the same group.
Art festival is a yearly event.
Art festivals are about big business.
Art films are often hard to grasp and have as many layers as an artichoke.
Art films are out.
Art films have many other names .
Art films have many other names.
Some art films do have sequels .
Some art films do have sequels.
Art forgeries lead to blackmail and murder.
Art forgery is a huge business worldwide.
An art form is a kind
Art forms are kinds.
Art forms can be either of static or dynamic symmetry.
Art forms covered include dance, painting, crafts, music, theatre and opera.
All art forms are eligible, including the visual and performing arts and photography.
All art forms are the life giving veins of expression and growth in every culture.
All art forms serve as vehicles to convey ideas and emotions.
Any art form can touch our emotions.
Any art form is learned by repetition.
Any art form is only as good as the artist who produces it.
Any art form is part natural talent and part hard work.
Any art form possesses the capacity to touch our emotions.
Every art form has a unique set of concepts, structures, media, tools and techniques.
Every art form has basic components that characterize it.
Every art form needs an archive, and musical theater is no exception.
Art fraud is big business and getting bigger.
Art funding is always so meager anyway.
An art gallery is a room
Art galleries abound and there's lots of restaurants and entertainment at night.
Art galleries abound in number and variety.
Art galleries are a promising location for the teaching of literacy.
Art galleries are also great reservoirs of knowledge.
Art galleries are facilities.
Art galleries are good sources of information about art and artists.
Art galleries are kind of uptight.
Art galleries are less concerned with speed and more concerned with the thoughtfulness of content.
Art galleries are numerous and many are within walking distance of downtown.
Art galleries are visual feasts of new works and well-known talent.
Art Galleries carry everything from inexpensive prints to expensive oils.
Art galleries discover that many people prefer the comfort of choosing art online.
Art galleries dot the coastline.
Art galleries exhibit some of their best works.
Art galleries exist in several prominent locations on campus.
Art galleries extend the procession.
Art galleries feature contemporary and historic work by local artists and artisans.
Art galleries feature items from jewels to blown glass.
Art galleries features art pieces in oils, watercolours and woodcuts.
Art galleries flourish, with works ranging from the most traditional to the most avant garde.
Art galleries have difficulty in attracting funds.
Art galleries have rooms.
Art galleries highlight the work of local artists and change monthly.
Art galleries make for dull first dates.
Art galleries mingle with clothing stores and artworks adorn the median.
Art galleries occupy the top four floors.
Art galleries offer native art and crafts, and hiking trails meander through the forests.
Art galleries offer the perfect solution.
Art galleries offer works of talented local artists.
Art galleries try to switch their stuffy image for one that welcomes families with children.
Art gallery features permanent collection of Newfoundland artists and features local art displays.
Art Gallery Find out about the gallery's collections, exhibits, tours, lectures, etc.
Art gallery has in-house and visiting exhibitions.
Art gallery is dark area behind the post.
Art gallery provides paintings, drawings, poetry.
All art galleries are free to visit.
Many art galleries have evening openings.
Many art galleries have permanent displays as well as works of art for sale.
Many art galleries have their own sites.
Art glass cabachon at top with chain and faux pearl drop followed by a green art glass bead.
Art glass can achieve both without sacrifice.
Art glass can reflect the moods, personality, and creativity of the artist and the collector.
Art glass includes perfume bottles, vases, lamps and goblets.
Art glass is glass.
Art glass is in the central roof gable.
Art glass is ornaments.
Art glass is so individualized that each job is hand drawn for each client.
Art glass is work of art.
Art glass sinks The colors, styles and shapes of handblown art glass sinks vary widely.
An art historian is a historian
Art historian investigates outsider art.
Art historians are able to go back and trace the progress of specific Greek artists.
Art historians are actually professional art interpreters.
Art historians are historians.
Art historians are likely to be interested in the intellectual content of the article itself.
Art historians are professional art interpreters.
Art historians recognize both works as the legitimate creations of great artists.
Art historians reject the political art in the west as a failure.
Most art historians hold graduate degrees.
Some art historians become art critics.
Art History assignments.
Art History can be vital and virile.
Art History can fulfill a social studies elective credit.
Art history can sometimes be so dry.
Art History Claims to be the best and most comprehensive art history website in the world.
Art History classes take advantage of the three internationally recognized museums in Fort Worth.
Art History classes.
Art history combined with study in another field prepares students for additional career options.
Art history combines the study of art with the study of culture.
Art History continues to take new initiatives in that tradition.
Art history courses carry humanities credit.
Art History courses examine issues of representation, gender and cultural encounter in the arts.
Art history courses stress historical research, critical skills, and communication of ideas.
Art history enriches the life of the practicing artist.
Art history graduates find employment in galleries, museums, and art education institutions.
Art history has a beginning, a middle, and an end, and it is always going somewhere.
Art history has few female role models to spare.
Art History has Four Sides.
Art history investigates the historical context for art works, artists, and styles of art.
Art history involves the study of ways the visual arts reflect and shape the world's cultures.
Art History is a demanding academic discipline.
Art history is a highly stimulating, competitive, and rewarding field.
Art history is a humanities field that studies the history of art, artifacts and architecture.
Art History is allied to the liberal arts.
Art history is already so thick.
Art history is an academic liberal arts program.
Art History is an ideal major for the liberal arts graduate.
Art history is another strength, for both the prehistoric and medieval periods.
Art history is arts
Art history is clearly also an inspiration to some.
Art history is discussed in the areas of exploration.
Art history is included along with outside the classroom experiences.
Art history is included at all levels, as a contextual component.
Art history is incorporated into all studio art classes.
Art History is infused in all classes.
Art history is integrated through the study of artists and movements.
Art History is interdisciplinary.
Art history is more focused now on theorizing.
Art history is much harder to define.
Art history is much more than that.
Art History is offered for a full year or a half year.
Art history is one of the content strands of art.
Art history is one of the most popular courses among the study abroad students.
Art History is open major - no applications, no prerequisites, no deadlines.
Art History is open to only juniors and seniors.
Art history is our history.
Art history is probably the most valuable course for the prospective tourist.
Art history is put aside, the meaning is put aside, and what is there starts to emerge.
Art history is taught as well as the practical aspects of the subject.
Art history is taught at secondary schools and universities and colleges, as are media studies.
Art history is taught in one of two ways today.
Art history is taught mainly through lectures and seminars.
Art history is taught through direct observation of original works and historic sites.
Art history is taught with emphasis on the connection between art and society.
Art History is the study of art in relation to the time in which it was produced.
Art history is treated as an interdisciplinary subject and as a branch of history.
Art history is, of course, the worst.
Art History links and resources for research.
Art History locations on it serve as resource materials for a student initiated design .
Art history majors balance their program with courses in both Western and Asian art history.
Art History majors only.
Art History majors or by special arrangement.
Art History majors, by special arrangement.
Art history needs a strong, functioning museum program.
Art History offers access to many resources illustrating Classical art.
Art History operates as a portal to the past and as a reflection of our present.
Art History papers.
Art history provides a good background for all media.
Art History provides background on the academic discipline itself.
Art History provides knowledge and understanding of the past, and through it, of the present.
Art history provides the historical context in which all artistic achievement is considered.
Art History puts emphasis on the practical elements during undergraduate studies.
Art history resources on the internet. .
Art History resources.
Art history shows the heights to which artists have aspired.
Some art history graduates find work in museums, galleries, or art publishing.
Some art history is taught.
Art index indexes major worldwide art and some design journals.
Art instructors are advanced art education majors.
Art l is about creating.
Art Links Click on image to see larger size.
Art Links Find a full-time permanent or temporary job in art, design and writing.
Art Links Welcome to The place to find Art.
Art magazines are numerous.
Art markets are very fickle.
Art materials are available.
Art materials store on campus.
All art material is scanned and sent to be processed by production services.
All art materials are non toxic.
Many art materials are hazardous, however with proper care and attention they can be used safely.
All art media has the potential for constructing equal amounts of realism or lack there of.
Any art medium is welcome.
Art movement is movement
Art movements fade in and art movements fade out.
Art movies are often about people's feelings and thoughts.
Art movies have small budgets .
Art movies have small budgets.
Art museums are museums.
Art museums are traditionally important reservoirs of culture.
Art museums are valuable because they're serious, consequential and durable.
Art museums are wonderful venues for formal events.
Art museums exhibit black art.
Art museums gain their intellectual power by the way their contents are arranged.
Art museums offer a wide range of employment opportunities for art history graduates.
Art museums survive only because of government and corporate funding.
Art museums turn out nice snowdomes.
Many art museums maintain stores which sell reproductions of works in their collections.
Many art museums offer tours.
Most art museums are open for the public to visit, but there are also some which are private.
An art object is work of art
Art objects are ceremonial or practical, created to contribute to community life.
Art objects are more fragile than they appear.
Art objects are ornaments expressing conceptions.
Art objects have layers of meaning, and only one is the archaeological layer.
All art objects are for sale, unless otherwise noted.
Art of China See terrific pictures of ancient Chinese fine art and craft items.
Art Park opens in Lewiston, New York.
Art patrons benefit because of the ease of browsing the Web in the comfort of their own home.
Art patrons give because they enjoy the culture provided by the opera, symphony or museum.
Most art patrons think art online is a viable idea worth putting their moolah into.
Art photographers sell photographs.
Art photographers use light, lenses, film and filters to produce photographs.
Most art photographers sell photographs.
Art Price is the world leader in art market information.
Art prices are more or less determined by the auction market.
Art Prints are also still available.
Art prints are available for a two month loan.
Art prints are available on the main floor of the library.
Art prints are available without being cut into puzzles.
Art prints are limited to one per card.
All art prints are from original gouache paintings done in the last few years.
All art prints listed above are subject to availability.
Art project represents average work on Australia.
Art project represents habitat.
Art projects are a fine example.
Art projects are a perfect way to exercise their minds and imaginations.
Art projects can spark young imaginations and help children to express themselves.
Art projects incorporate Jewish content.
Art projects revolve around the needs of the production.
Art projects take on a more formative integration of the regular classroom.
Art quilts are for sale.
Art quilts share a form with traditional quilts.
All art quilts come ready to hang and are wrapped in acid-free tissue.
Art reproduction has values.
Art restitution needs continued invigoration.
Art restoration is done on the premises.
Art review leads to bad things about the art and the artist.
An art rock is rock music
Art rock is a gateway.
All art sales are subject to state and local sales tax.
An art school is a school
Art school can be incredibly useful, but the degree itself is meaningless.
Art school can be very academic or technique-oriented.
Art school ruins people.
Art schools are conservatories.
Art schools are for people that want to be part of the art machine.
Art schools are no exception.
Art schools are schools.
Art schools treat painting students as though they are pursuing some quaint craft.
Some art schools offer free classes to models.
Art shows are also a big draw in the arena of tourism.
Art songs involve simply a singer and a pianist, on stage alone without orchestral support or props.
Art spaces are flexible enough to be used for large group, small group, or individual activities.
Art studios are in separate buildings.
Art study sharpens aesthetic sensibility, makes kids better students.
Art styles covers abstract expressionism to neo-realism.
Art styles covers from abstract expressionism to neo-realism.
Art supplies are a good bet for a child who's artistic.
Art supplies are also available.
Art supplies are always welcome, so are art books or children's books in Spanish.
Art Supplies are available in our art supply store.
Art supplies are extra .
Art supplies are extra.
Art supplies are just one of the expenses that drive up day-care costs.
Art supplies are located in cabinets.
Art supplies are plentiful and readily available.
Art supplies are slightly more expensive than in Pittsburgh.
Art supplies are supplies.
Art Supplies can help open the door to creativity.
Art Supplies Click on the first letter of the resource name .
Art supplies cram a hallway closet.
Art supplies make great gifts.
Art supplies needed are available at little or no cost.
Art Supplies Visit the world's largest online discount art supply store.
An art teacher is a teacher
Art teachers are fun at parties, too.
Art teachers are teachers.
Art teachers are the risk takers of education.
Art teachers are workers.
Art teachers assist seniors in preparing portfolios.
Art teachers can get project ideas or let their students browse the site for their own ideas.
Art teachers can upload scans of their paintings or photographs.
Art teachers know how to have fun with learning.
Art teachers see almost every child in the schools, regardless of grade level.
Many art teachers find the process of assisting students strengthens their own artistic development.
Many art teachers know of it and use it.
Some art teachers avoid critique sessions because of some unpleasant experiences in the past.
Art teaching includes visual arts, music and drama.
Art teaching involves both practical work and theory.
Art teaching remains an important career choice for many art students.
Art theft is an international problem requiring cooperation at all levels of law enforcement.
Art thefts have a cultural impact.
Art therapists are professionals trained in both art and therapy.
Art therapists are state registered professionals who have undertaken post graduate training.
Art therapists can obtain licensure as a marriage and family therapist with proper course work.
Art therapists have the skill to work with a wide range of people with a wide range of problems.
Art therapists require a graduate degree in art therapy.
Art therapists use the creative process as a catalyst for change.
Art Therapists use visual art to help emotionally disabled young children and teenagers.
Art therapists work with patients singly or in groups.
All art therapists have a keen understanding of the value of visual art.
Art therapy builds interpersonal skills.
Art therapy builds self-esteem.
Art therapy can also be less frightening than talk therapy.
Art therapy combines the therapeutic aspects of art with psychology and therapy.
Art therapy includes painting, sculpting, drawing, and any other form of art.
Art therapy involves expressing feelings in a non-verbal way and explaining what the artwork means.
Art therapy is a critical component of the children's healing and treatment.
Art therapy is a different kind of treatment.
Art therapy is a fixture in therapeutic constructs.
Art therapy is a great stress reliever.
Art therapy is a growing field related to art education, art, and counceling.
Art therapy is a growing field.
Art therapy is a human service profession.
Art therapy is a supportive therapeutic technique that children are responsive to.
Art therapy is about meaning.
Art therapy is also a possibility.
Art therapy is also an exciting way to explore spirituality and creativity.
Art therapy is exactly as it sounds.
Art therapy is medical treatments.
Art therapy is much more than a catharsis.
Art therapy is one step removed.
Art therapy is the creative use of art in a therapeutic setting.
Art therapy is two-pronged.
Art therapy is used to help people with emotional problems.
Art therapy is used to illustrate feelings and work through problems.
Art therapy is utilized around the community and state.
Art therapy majors only.
Art therapy owes a debt to the father of modern psychoanalysis, as well.
Art therapy promises to alleviate and prevent psychological disorders.
Art therapy provides access to nonverbal memory.
Art therapy requires no artistic ability.
Art therapy taps that source.
Art therapy uses art in the healing process.
Art therapy uses harmful materials.
Art therapy uses materials.
Most art therapy uses harmful materials.
Most art therapy uses materials.
Art Thief is a all-purpose extractor and replacer.
Art thieves make off with billions in cultural property every year.
Most art thieves are thieves first and foremost.
Art vandalism has deep roots.
Art work appears in the principal's office and elsewhere in the main lobby as well.
Art work can depict practically anything which makes it applicable to cover design in every aspect.
Art work features handcrafted basket jewelry adorned with scrimshaw designs.
Art work focuses on a variety of themes related to the marine environment.
Art work framed under glass requires special packaging etc.
Art work has to be organized and claimed.
Art work includes set and costume design and a play poster.
Art work is a form of therapy both schools employ to exercise a child's cognitive abilities.
Art work is a tricky thing.
Art work is accepted.
Art work is also a part of the gala weekend.
Art work is also welcome for inclusion in the public reader .
Art work is available by electronic file.
Art work is available in open-air markets as well as in speciality shops.
Art work is available on the exterior of the original building as well as on the recent addition.
Art work is collected to be shown to the parents and good-byes are said until the next day.
Art work is copyrighted and signed by the artist.
Art work is from photographs and tubes.
Art work is good quality, innovative, and appropriate to the accompanying story.
Art work is gray, black, white, wax pencils, and graphite on white paper.
Art work is included.
Art work is labor intensive and therefore cost intensive.
Art work is located in houses.
Art work is located in museums.
Art work is neat, without erasures and stray marks.
Art work is photographed.
Art work is provided in the reading and they analyze each picture.
Art work is reviewed by faculty members and alumni who advise potential art students.
Art work is saved and taken home in a portfolio at the end of each year.
Art work produced by an individual begins to make sense when it is compared with other works.
Art work represents a synthesis of partner s ideas.
Art work represents a synthesis of partner's ideas.
Art Work Think it over A wife is a little dove and a little devil.
Art works are available to purchase.
Art works are for sale on the site.
Art works are for sale.
Art works are of varied media, including painting, photographs and sculpture.
Art Works circulate for four weeks and can be renewed twice, for an additional four weeks.
Art Works reflect unexpressed meaningful concepts and thoughts about life.
All art work is available for purchase or exhibition.
All art work is available for purchase.
All art work is available for sale.
All art work is available in camera ready black and white or color.
All art work is based on actual research of current and historical cases.
All art work is done in Black India Ink.
All art work is done using an industrial, exterior, sign paint.
All art work is for sale.
All art work is offered for sale unless otherwise noted.
All art work is original and hand painted.
All art work is original and signed.
All art work is original or believed to be free domain.
All art work is printed on recycled paper.
All art work is signed by the artist.
All art work is signed.
All art work is sold unframed, unless the customer specifies mat, frames, or glass in their order.
All art work remains the property of the original artist.
All art works are one of a kind originals.
All art works are, in a sense, functional.
All art works have their own sense of order and composition.
All art works represented are in mixed media.
Every art work is scaled down by proportion, in order to fit our thumb nail setting.
Most art work is for sale by the participating artists.
Some art works are about social issues or cultural issues.
Some art works comprise erotic and mythological themes.
Some art works seem more conducive to such growth.
All art workshops start with a tour of one of the current exhibits.
Art abounds and fills local businesses for an evening.
Art abounds with authorities.
Art accesses creative energy.
Art acts as an instrument for furthering moral, religious, social or political points of view.
Art adds beauty and wonder to our lives, and enhances our experience of what it means to be human.
Art adds class and culture to our sport.
Art adds perspective, setting, comparison, and insight.
Art adds to or creates a mood for a room.
Art adds to the quality of life as it holds the mirror up to the world and to the individual.
ART adds yet another bit of important information.
Art adorns the walls and shelves, most of it for sale.
Art adorns the walls and the rooms all share a uniquely southwestern elegance.
Art adorns the walls.
Art affects all who are curious and open to new experiences.
Art affects our everyday life.
Art affects people.
Art affirms identity.
Art allows children to be who they are with a line of integrity that no one can touch.
Art allows for expression and creativity.
Art allows for expression and the release of nonverbal feelings and information.
Art allows that imaginative connection with people and situations outside our own.
ART allows the creativity of each student to emerge.
Art allows the message to reach more than just the intellect.
Art alone makes life comprehensible and justifiable.
Art also can offer a visceral kind of healing, something every person and every society needs.
Art also captures a different mode of expression.
Art also comes to the aid of Law and Order.
Art also enjoys working on and playing pinball machines.
Art also expresses, transmits, and challenges our deepest values.
Art also has material related to playing the theremin.
Art also helps celebrate community.
Art also improves.
Art also is about recognizing.
Art also is made up of many parts, the neglect of any one works to the detriment of the whole piece.
Art also owns a small business consulting and publishing firm.
Art also presents at local and national mathematics conferences.
Art also promotes understanding the feelings and emotions of others.
ART also provides real time simulation software for pilot training.
Art also raises moral questions.
Art also reflects the mood of a society.
Art also represents a culture.
Art also represents what is acceptable to a particular culture.
Art also requires mathematical principals to supply proportion and dimensions.
Art also requires specialized appraisers as does real estate.
Art Also see icon .
Art also steps in to help the process of higher Evolution.
Art also takes time to appreciate or judge.
Art also welcome, but send it in a form that makes it easy to view.
Art anticipates life.
Art appears both created and discovered.
Art appears in endless forms and media, none of which to be judged differently.
Art appears in many forms.
Art appears in several categories, such as toys, games, software, home, garden, computers, etc. .
Art applies to the in-game artwork.
Art Approaches to Conflict.
Art are artifacts of the creative process.
Art are blueprints of daring alternative existences.
Art are enhancement of the natural beauty of the materials used to make it.
Art are two good clip art sources.
Art arises as an effect within everyday life.
Art arises in the human spirit beyond the reach of words, from the levels of our deepest memories.
Art asks for a few days grace.
Art asks one to enter a broken conversation, a half-overheard dialog between the work and the world.
Art attempts to be more than that.
Art attempts to enable people to see beyond.
Art attempts to get the observer to feel visual unity.
Art automatically produces results that reference concepts and information located worldwide.
Art awakens the senses and emotions.
Art awakens the spirit in people.
Art based on geometry is a kind of geometric abstraction .
Art based on geometry is a kind of geometric abstraction.
Art based on intuition has more to offer than art based on theory and rationalization.
Art becomes a means of personal transformation.
Art becomes a natural bridge in a liberal arts setting, constantly absorbing and regenerating.
Art becomes a symbol of both freedom and failure.
Art becomes a symbolic gesture of reclaiming one's land.
Art becomes a way of doing philosophy, usually to the detriment of both.
Art becomes an expression of the divine reality.
Art becomes commodity.
Art becomes completely abstract when it is in anime.
Art becomes part of the tradition of meditation where watchfulness is essential.
Art becomes process.
Art becomes sterile and the joy of life withers when they become unnatural.
Art becomes subservient to the public's taste for what is deemed enjoyable.
Art becomes the object of immediate and coldly technical gratification.
Art begins at home.
Art begins in first grade and choir in third.
Art begins on Earth.
Art begins where geometry ends, and imparts to letters a character transcending mere measurement.
Art begins with an idea.
Art Being a good artisan and designer sets the basis for being a great silversmith.
Art being a permanent member, that leaves a total of seven seats in the two-year election cycle.
Art being what it is here, though, the story is pure emotion.
Art believes the numbers are a testament to the new system's merits.
Art belongs to everybody.
Art belongs to life, and essentially to the common, everyday man.
Art belongs to the aesthetes.
Art belongs to the people.
Art beomes a subject for religion and philosophy, becoming material for each to work through.
Art boils to down to an interpretation of ideas, and an individualized sense of style.
Art bounces out of experience.
Art breaks through barriers that divide human beings, which are impermeable in ordinary association.
Art breeds art.
Art breeds idols, funerals, the afterlife, sin, kings, slavery, and war.
Art breeds inspiration and experiences necessary ingredients in everyone s life.
Art bridges the gap between joy and education in an accessible and diverse environment.
Art brings consciousness to the unconscious human soul.
Art brings life to life in many different ways.
Art brings more athleticism, size, and offense.
Art brings so much stability.
Art brings up issues.
Art can add meaning and enjoyment to any activity.
Art can also allow direct unselfconscious experience .
Art can also be a form of expression of emotion.
Art can also be a literary or musical piece such as film, theater, or poetry.
Art can also be a refuge from hostility.
Art can also be a sophisticated tool which challenges viewers and encourages employee productivity.
Art can also be ugly and shocking.
Art can also deliver powerful political statements.
Art can also have a spiritual meaning.
Art can also provide movement and sound by incorporating the natural elements.
Art can and does save.
Art can and is approached from the artist's standpoint.
Art can assist with program development, and with questions about Fortran and C programming.
Art can be a banner that carries a sponsors name.
Art can be a deep, private matter, somehow cheapened by words.
Art can be a lonely business.
Art can be a means of redressing the public s ignorance and wishful thinking about prisons.
Art can be a meditation.
Art can be a memory stimulant producing nostalgia.
Art can be a powerful communicator for the cause of saving the whales.
Art can be a powerful force for social change.
Art can be a powerful tool.
Art can be a product and reflection of society, it's hardest critic, and a catalyst to action.
Art can be a rewarding study or career.
Art can be a strong expression of hearing the issues that are important to citizens of Seattle.
Art can be a thing for people to admire or it can be for nothing and no one.
Art can be a useful tool as a readily accessible embodiment of a philosophy.
Art can be a very powerful tool to promote social change.
Art can be a very private and personal thing.
Art can be a way for families to get more involved with each other and to spend time together.
Art can be an effective morale builder for companies.
Art can be an instrument of change and transformation.
Art can be an outlet for profound emotion.
Art can be anything.
Art can be as big as a skyscraper or as tiny as an earring.
Art can be as simple as a bump on a log.
Art can be beautiful, interesting, or downright weird, depending on the person who sees it.
Art can be beautiful, scary, thoughtful, provocative.
Art can be controversial, stimulating, abrasive, and, at times, shocking.
Art can be dangerous.
Art can be entertainment.
Art can be functional and it is up to the artist to put art into each functional piece.
Art can be funny, they seem to say.
Art can be many different things in the eyes of many different people.
Art can be more subtle because it takes longer for the dangers to become visible.
Art can be pertinent.
Art can be room in which every piece of furniture is cut in half.
Art can be so many things.
Art can be starchily elitist, but good art can also be a foot stomping blast.
Art can be static and still be effective.
Art can be such an incredible force for allowing people who are different to spend time together.
Art can be that way.
Art can be the bridge between the conscious and the unconscious.
Art can be the outlet.
Art can be very helpful.
Art can be very meaningful.
Art can be very old or very new.
Art can be vital.
Art can become just one more tax-deductible way to sell a widget, or a car.
Art can bring forth issues without every saying a word.
Art can change attitudes and lessen perception of pain.
Art can change attitudes, build self-esteem and redirect the path of the wayward.
Art can change society.
Art can consist of photos, clip art, drawings, or collages.
Art can convey love, symmetry, and harmony.
Art can convey some of that complexity.
Art can define an otherwise bland space and, in some cases, can actually be therapeutic.
ART can determine issues that are blocking the proper functioning of the autonomic nervous system.
Art can die, a painting can disappear.
Art can draw from art.
Art can educate, entertain and communicate.
Art can either just follow society, just recording the trends, or it can take a pathbreaker role.
Art can elicit reactions that are difficult to put into words.
Art can even be functional such as buildings and furniture.
Art can express emotion, from joy or love to anger and despair.
Art can find the lost Art can find the lost Art can find the lost.
Art can function in a person's life much in the same way religion does in other people's.
Art can further express the environmental concerns.
Art can give a measure of self worth, identity, and hope, even where little else exists.
Art can happen anywhere, anytime.
Art can have many functions.
Art can have the amazing power to make people feel.
Art can heal.
ART can help everyone, from the athlete, office worker, to the home keeper.
Art can help make it a city hall inclusive of all of the people of Seattle.
Art can help make it a city hall that is inclusive of all of the people of Seattle.
Art can help preserve the feeling of what once was, even if what remains is no longer the same.
Art can identify objects or create an illusion of space in an artwork.
Art can imitate truth.
Art can intrude on reality, ride roughshod over relationships.
Art can make an impact on a scale that is literally world wide.
Art can move the world.
Art can never mean as much as a love affair, perhaps, or an insurrection.
Art can often have the same hypnotic effect on our range of moods as any other opiate.
Art can open our minds to the boundless power of the ever-expanding dynamic universe.
Art can open the door.
Art can prevent despair.
Art can produce an emotional response in the observer, however.
Art can produce an instantaneous change in emotional well being.
Art can produce reality, by reflecting parts of society or by trying to express individuality.
Art can raise questions, challenge thoughts and inspire or move individuals to action.
Art can range from realism to abstraction.
Art can relate truth that reveals the coercive discourses operating within and across cultures.
Art can represent diverse groups.
Art can reveal the complexities of the individual, both visually and conceptually.
Art can sell products as well as ideas and solutions.
Art can serve as a model of how human activity can be integrated into the natural environment.
Art can show the way.
Art can speak where other voices are lost to distrust, apathy, or ignorance.
Art can take flight and fill our skies.
Art can take many forms.
Art can transform a house into a beautiful home.
Art can transform something ugly into something wonderful.
Art can walk the talk when it comes to building contact centers.
Art can, and does.
Art can, in a certain sense of the word, help bring about unity.
Art captures fleeting human experience.
Art catches the imagination.
Art certainly baffles American politicians.
Art challenges students to connect ideas, think creatively and appreciate other cultures.
Art challenges the reality of the world.
Art changes monthly.
Art changes people s lives.
Art changes the world.
Art changes with eras, religions, empires, and now technology.
Art characterizes a certain time and place in history.
Art Chasing funny looking black cats that have white stripes on their back is a foolish thing to do.
Art Check out our whimsical color.
Art Check out posters, fliers and more from the archives.
Art chooses a different paddock for the following outwintering site.
Art civilizes because it enlightens, develops, strengthens, ennobles.
Art Click a thumbnail to enlarge . . .
Art Click on for information about the database or service.
Art Click on thumb nails to enlarge and find link to artist website if they have one.
Art Click the artwork to view the entire image.
Art collecting and investing can be a very private matter, one that is acquired through patience.
Art comes from a long showbiz tradition.
Art comes from every culture, there are creative geniuses in every community.
Art comes from freedom.
Art comes from life.
Art comes from some place in the back of one s mind.
Art comes from the eye, the heart and the spirit.
Art comes from the heart and the imagination.
Art comes from the human desire to communicate feelings, beauty, and ideas through sensual mediums.
Art comes from within and the passion is portrayed in the completed works.
Art comes hard.
Art comes in all shapes and sizes, the appeal ranging from beauty to sheer curiosity.
Art comes in many forms, shapes and expressions.
Art comes in many forms.
ART comes in many forms.
Art comes in somewhat randomly, or at least at the whim of the suppliers.
Art comes into being through a chain of inspiration.
Art comes naturally to children.
Art comes out of a life and where that life is lived.
Art comes out of a singularity of vision that reflects an unconscious drive of the writer.
Art comes out of deep feeling and addresses our emotions.
Art comes out of questions and addresses our concerns.
Art comes out of thought and addresses our thinking.
Art comes through the body.
Art comes to life on the Internet.
Art comes to life through the individual handwork of an artist.
Art comes to seem in love with the museum after all.
Art communicates a great deal.
Art communicates what a company wants to be.
Art connects people regardless of language and cultural differences.
Art considers more enduring, more elemental aspects of human life.
Art consistently ranks among the top three most popular majors in the college.
Art consists of limitation.
Art constantly evolves and requires a medium that can change with it.
Art constructs meaning systems that hold the world together.
Art continues to be included in the bathroom, as well as carpet and wallpaper.
Art continues to tour the U.S. with an extensive international schedule planned for the fall.
Art contributes much to a community's quality of life.
Art conveys a message which is itself.
Art conveys meaning with symbols and icons which are culture specific.
Art covers the fine arts and politics, education, spiritual direction.
Art Create a large collaborative mural of the temperate forest biome.
Art Create beautiful, hand-built clay pieces.
Art created by youth is sold at fairs, festivals, university campuses, galleries and gift shops.
Art created for use in religious ritual are incredibly powerful works.
Art created with and in nature has a very different sensibility however.
Art creates a presence of the artist with the absence of the latter.
Art creates an incomparable and unique effect, and, having done so, passes on to other things.
Art creates meaning within society.
Art creates new worlds and experiences.
Art creates, combines, and reveals.
Art crosses all boundaries as long as the individual can pay for it.
Art cultivates the great joy of creating.
Art currently is displayed in the fine arts facility hallway.
ART currently offers commercial wireless Internet services Seattle, Portland and Phoenix.
Art deals in and from territories.
Art deals only with unresolved problems.
Art deals with practice.
Art degenerates to a puzzle which has to be solved.
Art demands a thorough knowledge of special tools and techniques.
Art demolishes the privileged access maxim.
Art depends on one moment, that still moment of active listening.
Art depends on pattern and repetition.
Art depends upon discrimination as well as imagination.
Art Designed for the general student, the course presents art in cultural context.
Art Develops a working vocabulary of art materials, techniques, and processes.
Art develops our imagination, our curiosity and our ability to take risks.
Art develops our understanding and appreciation of the beauty of everyday life.
Art develops small motor skills, intelligence and creativity.
Art Dictionaries a comprehensive list of dictionaries for art.
Art directories .
Art Directories Large directory for the arts.
Art distills meaning from experience, which is often hard to do in reality.
ART Do an original art project and show it at a pack meeting.
Art does a body good.
Art does an excellent chimpanzee impression.
Art does fit into an envelope.
Art does have some form of uniform nature, but it's all in the perception.
Art does help to shape our perception of reality.
Art does indeed help build both identity communities and geographic communities.
Art does indeed imitate life, old son.
Art does it.
Art does last.
Art does that.
Art does two vital things for any culture.
Art donated by local artists completes the art room located on the second floor.
Art done for the musical is especially popular.
Art drives it to shows.
Art effectively communicates to and with the body and the soul.
Art elevates the soul.
Art embraces almost anything.
Art emphasizes the use of nature as both inspiration and in the creation of art.
Art enables students to communicate their ideas, symbols, and feelings in visual form.
Art enacts the widest possible view, analogous to the sky or space.
Art encompasses our hopes and beliefs beyond the limit of the immediate.
Art Encourage children to paint elephants.
Art encourages new ways of thinking and new skills for creativity.
Art encourages our students to be more open minded and more willing to explore possibilities.
Art encourages the capacity for invention and creation.
Art ends where violence begins and violence begins where knowledge ends.
Art endures through the ups and downs, the laughter and the tears, the peace and the turmoil.
Art enhances science through the study of color and light.
Art enhances the quality of every aspect of our lives.
Art enjoys amateur radio as a hobby and has contacted ham operators in every part of the world.
Art enjoys tennis, movies, and the arts.
Art enlivens the atmosphere of the buildings as well.
Art enriches children's lives and brings out their creativity.
Art enriches our daily lives, our surroundings and our everyday experiences.
Art Enter the art world of France.
Art equals life minus kitsch equals life minus language plus life equals two lives minus language.
Art erases all barriers of race, gender, economics, age and time.
Art evokes emotions rather than analysis alone.
Art evolves as it relates to the every day lives of the people and communities that use it.
Art exhibits Back to top RUHS exhibit.
Art exhibits original works as well as limited edition prints with full artists' profiles.
Art exists as communication at it's very foundation.
Art exists in a kind of eternity of display, and though there is a lot of period .
Art exists in movies, games, and nature.
Art exists only within a social context.
Art expands our vision of the future as well as our vision of the past.
Art expands the senses.
Art explains, enriches and transforms the raw materials into a work of art.
Art explores the void, the darkness, the chaos.
ART exposes students to the world of art through hands-on activities.
Art expresses a world view.
Art expresses itself through the soul of the artist.
Art expresses opinions in a non violent fashion.
Art extends and shifts the boundaries of language.
Art extends itself infinitely in exchange.
Art fails on both grounds.
Art falls short of curator's hype.
Art falls squarely under that freedom.
Art fears neither dictators nor repression.
Art feeds the soul and stimulates a search for beauty in all things.
Art fills the needs of the artist and expresses a universal language.
Art Find examples of the art or rosemaling.
Art Find out about some of France's most famous impressionist painters.
Art Find out more about the current local artist and upcoming artists.
Art finds great joy in sharing and interpreting the Scriptures.
Art finds that reflect the spiritual world of the Paleolithic man are scarce.
Art focuses on the ways, means, and ends of skilled, creative, visual expression.
Art focuses our attention on the present.
Art Follow the links below to find web sites offering school related clip art.
Art Fosters an interest in art for individual members and for the student body at-large.
Art fulfills a variety of important roles in society.
Art gets the power steering serviced on the auto.
Art gets the shot.
Art give objectivity to our subjectivity.
Art gives a specific statement .
Art gives a specific statement.
Art gives a texture to one's life beyond daily living.
Art gives concrete embodiment of feeling.
Art gives feast to diners.
Art gives form to rules and to gods.
Art gives hope.
Art gives illusion.
Art gives it a place to grow.
Art gives ou shelter,laughter, reason,ect.
Art gives our world colors of individuality.
Art gives the worldsocial expression and entertainment.
Art gives voice.
Art go over no water purifier parts.
Art goes beyond mere survival and aims at growth of the soul.
Art goes legit in the sign business .
Art goes to school.
Art goes to the very core of what it means to be human.
Art goes yet further, imitating that rational and most excellent work of nature, man.
Art grows and evolves and inspires into other movements.
Art grows in many forms.
Art hangs on the one brick wall.
Art happens in amateur films.
Art happens in the mind.
Art happens one mind to one mind.
Art has (part) sections.
Art has a better idea.
Art has a better place for depicting sailboats, monkeys and palm trees than the chest of a man.
Art has a catepillar toy that, when stretched, plays music.
Art has a characteristically telling solo before the close.
Art has a couple of reasons for growing timothy instead of Bromegrass.
Art has a direct relevance to individuals in our society, as creators and audiences.
Art has a guests on the show frequently.
Art has a life of it's own.
Art has a lot of power.
Art has a new canvas.
Art has a place in health care.
Art has a single goal - itself.
Art has a social function.
Art has a symbolic meaning.
Art has a tendency to survive many calamities because it is prized.
Art has a value.
Art has a very positive feel.
Art has a voice.
Art has a way of asserting itself where it can take form unprepossessed.
Art has a way of doing that.
Art has a way of ending on a happy note.
Art has a way to transform the ordinary into the extraordinary also.
Art has a wealth of experience in Canadian championships.
Art has an application to everyone's life.
Art has an evolution just like everything else does.
Art has artistic value.
Art has degrees in Mathematics, but has forgotten most of it.
Art has expressive quality.
Art has goals that are completely separate from the goals of science.
Art has great rapport with the students.
Art has ideas.
Art has incredible symbolic meaning.
Art has intrinsic value for what it is.
Art has it's own set of issues.
Art has lots of free backgrounds, bullets, bars, animations, and more.
Art has many different interpretations.
Art has many faces , but they all seem to have the habbit to enrichen life and make it more intens.
Art has many potential qualities, one of the most beautiful being generosity.
Art has many uses.
Art has meaning.
Art has nice ways of saying the essential about our anxieties.
Art has no boundaries.
Art has no business with leading-strings or handcuffs or gags.
Art has no choice but to agree.
Art has no enemy but ignorance.
Art has no fatherland.
Art has no intrinsic meaning.
Art has no limits here.
Art has no time for dates.
Art has nothing to do directly with morality or immorality.
Art has nothing to do with forgery, with the lie.
Art has nothing to do with morality.
Art has nothing to do with the person behind the work.
ART has offices in, Johannesburg, Washington DC, London, Brussels , Paris and Harare.
Art has overall responsibility for the actions of the company.
Art has paintings and drawings of explorers.
Art has plenty of ideas, but no dirty hands.
Art has power, including the power to shock.
Art has quality.
Art has relation to religion science, and philosophy.
Art has rules.
Art has several tricks that often spell the difference between fantasy and reality.
Art has some pictures to share.
Art has that power to heal and refine the human soul.
Art has the potential to unify.
Art has the power to buoy the spirit, providing an interlude that mitigates pain and preoccupation.
Art has the power to change some people s awful ideas and opinions, such as racism.
Art has the power to change, to change the mindset, to change people.
Art has the power to make one see things in a new light.
Art has the power to make people identify themselves with that they hear or behold.
Art has the power to move people to a new illumination of what it is to be human.
Art has the power to open up ways to fundamental solutions.
Art has the power to power to open the mind to possibility.
Art has the power to transcend terror, as well as create it.
Art has the temperament and the skills to make that careful balance work.
Art has to be chewed, digested, and redigested.
Art has to be more than just personal therapy.
Art has to be treated as an asset to be enjoyed.
Art has to come from the child.
Art has to do with finding the beauty.
Art has to do with inspiration, creativity and skill.
Art has to express the sacredness of life, being the best way to arrive at the essence of reality.
Art has to have a root in something.
Art has to mediate between the real and the imaginary.
Art has too many craftsmen, and a hundred times more people who admire craftsmanship as artistry.
Art has two great functions.
Art has winners and losers, it continues, like anything else.
Art Have students create their own story boards for the sequencing the story.
Art Have students design their school basketball team s logo and uniforms.
Art Have the children examine the fanciful costume that each elephant is wearing.
ART Have the children look at different pictures of giants.
Art Have the students make models of the solar system.
Art Have the students make their own caterpillar using the bottom section of egg carton.
Art heightens memory.
Art helps a child access fear-based memories.
Art helps allow children to think visually.
Art helps define a place, commemorate the past, and celebrate the present.
Art helps kids find positive, non-violent ways to grow up.
Art helps morale and the ability to function.
Art helps people find their commonality.
Art helps raise young people's self-confidence and has been linked to academic achievement.
Art helps students become creative in all facets of life.
Art helps to give order to the world.
Art helps to makes it visible.
Art helps to underline the transcendent and to lift up our hearts.
Art Here are some links to museums, cartoon sites, and art magazines.
Art Here are some links to museums, galleries, etc.
Art holds a light beside the window, and calls people of vision to look inside.
Art holds many adventures.
Art houses a remarkable collection from many countries.
Art hurry within one judge whether hid chevrolet engines.
Art Identify different materials and methods used by artists and craftspeople.
Art implies a personal, unanalyzable creative power.
Art improve during a sock still swing aggressive skates.
Art improves children's brain development, increasing their reading and math skills.
Art includes a photo of douching products.
Art includes anything from fine art to country and contemporary crafts.
Art includes bookbinding, ceramics, costume, textiles, etc.
ART includes both prevention and treatment of dental caries.
Art includes clip art, line drawings, cartoons and graphic presentations.
Art includes color photos from six summer movies.
Art includes color photos.
ART includes current exhibitions, an archive of exhibitions past, seasonal schedules, and projects.
Art includes flat work, sculpture, and artist books.
Art includes four color photos depicting generations.
Art includes four color photos of doors.
Art includes marquetry, pyrography and small to larger paintings.
Art includes oil paintings, pastels, etc.
Art includes one color illustration.
Art includes paintings, sculpture and works on paper.
Art includes photos of four kitchen products.
Art includes sculptures, paintings, and decorative works.
Art includes seder plates, shabbat candles, paintings and menorahs.
Art includes six color photos of gifts.
Art includes six color photos representing highlights of the season.
Art includes six color photos showing how to decorate shelves, mantels and coffee tables.
ART includes such processes as methanolysis, glycolysis , hydrolysis, and thermal depolymerization.
Art includes the image in many different medium.
Art includes three color examples of online art.
Art includes three color photos .
Art includes three color photos.
Art includes two color photos.
Art indicates modernity only if the artists are modern.
Art informs the literature and visa versa.
Art Inlcudes the maple leaf flag and provincial flags, maple leaves, mounties, logos and more.
Art inside depicts the holy family in different cultures.
Art inspired by dreams can reveal personal myth and also the transpersonal aspects of the psyche.
Art inspired by the forms of nature exceed many customer's expecations.
Art inspires creativity, critical thinking, and many other attributes employers highly regard.
Art instantiates a conceptual body in perceptual raiment.
Art interrupts the mundane.
Art involves a white board and dry markers.
Art involves a white board.
Art involves mastery of skills, which comes from practice, and knowledge, which comes from study.
Art involves problem solving, communication and imagination.
Art involves serious exploration.
Art involves tension and climax.
Art Is . . .
Art is .
Art is a basic part of human nature.
ART is a behavioral rehearsal approach to violence prevention.
Art is a better vehicle for reaching people, anyway.
Art is a blending of life experience with the qualities of the art medium.
Art is a bridge across generations.
Art is a bridge between the very nasty universe and our very isolated selves.
Art is a broad term.
Art is a broadening experience.
Art is a business, and a generous one to the population served.
Art is a business, like any other business.
Art is a business.
Art is a celebration of life.
Art is a celebration of our history, our culture, our souls.
Art is a central form of cultural expression.
Art is a challenge to the human mind and a gift to the human soul.
Art is a child.
Art is a collection of memory and experience, as it is told or left untold.
Art is a combination of recollection, association and quality.
Art is a combination of technical skill and highly personal creative expression.
Art is a comfort.
Art is a commercial fisherman who lives near Harding Lake.
Art is a common vocabulary among developed countries.
Art is a communal experience.
Art is a complex business.
Art is a complex word.
Art is a comprehensive website dedicated to the world of art.
Art is a concept encompassing a range of works of art.
Art is a concretization of metaphysics.
Art is a conduit for the expression of values between one another.
Art is a conduit through which spirit or soul communicates.
Art is a constant challenge with new things to learn and techniques to perfect.
Art is a contemporary play about a contemporary friendship threatened by contemporary art.
ART is a contemporary play about a contemporary friendship threatened by contemporary art.
Art is a continuous celebration.
Art is a continuous process.
Art is a continuum of learning, experiencing, failing and trying again.
Art is a conversation between the viewer and the artist.
Art is a corner of creation seen through a temperament.
Art is a corner of creation, seen through a temperament.
Art is a creation
Art is a creative form of expression.
Art is a cruel mistress.
Art is a cult .
Art is a cultural and social form of expression.
Art is a cumulative collection of past human emotion embodied in the artifact.
Art is a dedicated researcher and practitioner of astrology.
Art is a determinate history.
Art is a device for the prevention of the disaster brought on by prejudice.
Art is a dictator and it prisons a writer.
Art is a different experience for everyone, and no two people hear music in quite the same way.
Art is a discipline.
Art is a drawing or a ceramic vase.
Art is a dream.
Art is a dynamic field, expanding and changing with the world it serves.
Art is a dynamic instructor.
Art is a equalizer and can bring out otherwise hidden talents in many special needs youth.
Art is a family business.
Art is a family experience.
Art is a far too complex cultural phenomenon to have been invented ex-nihilo.
Art is a favorite pastime.
Art is a favorite place to put kids who have problems and are on a reduced class schedule.
Art is a fleeting glimpse into an untamed soul.
Art is a force close to life.
Art is a form of catharsis.
Art is a form of communication because it involves the use of a. language.
Art is a form of communication that both influences and reflects many elements of our world.
Art is a form of expression and one can tell a lot about a person by what they draw.
Art is a form of expression and opinion.
Art is a form of expression.
Art is a form of natural history.
Art is a form of release.
Art is a form of social expression.
Art is a form that is used in ceremonies intended to help control the environment.
Art is a foundation stone of humanity.
Art is a framework, a kind of living trellis, on which public dreaming can take shape.
Art is a friendly dude but occasionally worries too much.
Art is a fringe thing here, with artists having to do other things to survive.
Art is a full service graphic design firm located in the Metropolitan Atlanta area.
Art is a funny thing.
Art is a game.
Art is a generous vessel.
Art is a genuinely funny play - but it is much more than that.
Art is a good way to describe it.
Art is a great thing to have especially clip art.
Art is a great tool to use in discovering feelings.
Art is a great way to develop a common bond when meeting someone new.
Art is a great way to do that.
Art is a great way to relax after a busy day.
ART is a group of artists pursuing romantic realism.
Art is a hammer.
Art is a hard working and honest immigrant from Hungary who scrapping to make ends meet.
Art is a harmony parallel to nature.
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.
Art is a healing process.
Art is a highly stimulating, competitive, and rewarding field.
Art is a historical, natural activity.
Art is a horrible waste of the imagination.
Art is a hostage syndrome.
Art is a huge part of most indigenous peoples' lives.
Art is a human expression.
Art is a human social service as well as the means for the expression of our humanity.
Art is a jealous mistress.
Art is a joke.
Art is a joy to behold.
Art is a kind of illness.
Art is a language .
Art is a language and activity which changes the artist.
Art is a language of the heart which then communicates itself to thought.
Art is a language, an instrument of knowledge, an instrument of communication.
Art is a lasting impression that teaches the following generations of past atrocities.
Art is a learning experience for the artist as well as the viewer.
Art is a lesson in discovery of nature.
Art is a lie that tells the truth.
Art is a 'life-stage' product.
Art is a 'life-stage'product.
Art is a lifestyle.
Art is a limited form of virtual reality.
Art is a limitless world without borders and is also a common language.
Art is a living thing here, and the people have never been afraid of the avant-garde.
Art is a lonely existence.
Art is a long conversation with the past.
Art is a lot like cooking.
Art is a luxury item.
Art is a major tool.
Art is a man about town.
Art is a manifestation of our humanity, it dignifies life.
Art is a marriage of the conscious and the unconscious.
Art is a matter of enjoyment through the five senses.
Art is a means of communication and a vocabulary is essential.
Art is a means of experiencing the process of creativity.
ART is a means of financing risk exposures without recourse to conventional insurance.
Art is a means of relating to other people.
Art is a means of visual knowledge and implies a consciousness of reality.
Art is a media that provides a dialogue between the artist and the viewer.
Art is a medium in which that voice can be documented, intrepreted, and sustained.
Art is a member of the Dutch team.
Art is a messy business.
Art is a method for obtaining certain results.
Art is a method of opening up areas of feeling rather than merely an illustration of an object.
Art is a mirror of man's possibilities.
Art is a mirror on society.
Art is a moral passion married to entertainment.
Art is a more accepting way of learning.
Art is a more direct medium than words, when the art is good.
Art is a multileveled industry.
Art is a musician, plays both electrical and acoustical guitar.
Art is a mysterious thing without boundaries.
Art is a nation's most precious heritage.
Art is a native of Portland, Oregon.
Art is a natural activity to accompany writing for several reasons.
Art is a natural process for learning transformational thinking.
Art is a natural way of life.
Art is a naturally enjoyable and satisfying activity for young children.
Art is a necessary part of a flourishing society.
Art is a necessary part of life.
Art is a necessity.
Art Is A new generation of arts programming for everyday art lovers.
Art is a nourishment for the mind, the heart and our spirit.
Art is a part of human psychology.
Art is a part of life and life a part of art.
Art is a part of our American heritage.
Art is a part of our aware experience that only humans and the creator are privileged to have.
Art is a part of the core curriculum, both in practice and appreciation.
Art is a partnership.
Art is a passion for life expressed along the lines of our gifting, with aesthetics, form and power.
Art is a passion pursued with discipline.
Art is a pathetic commodity, economically speaking.
Art is a personal decision.
Art is a personal passion.
Art is a personal search equally involving what to say with how to say it.
Art is a picture or a sculpture.
Art is a piece of work.
Art is a plan .
Art is a power, a bully-pulpit, a concentrated and strong discourse.
Art is a powerful accessory if used and hung properly in the home.
Art is a powerful antidote to that, allowing children to see themselves as creators.
Art is a powerful force in the everyday lives of people around the world.
Art is a powerful force in the world, the artist explains.
Art is a powerful medium for change, and a powerful tool for understanding.
Art is a powerful medium.
Art is a powerful thing.
Art is a powerful tool that can have a profound and positive impact on children.
Art is a primary document for understanding other people, both our contemporaries and our ancestors.
Art is a privileged thing.
Art is a problem solving course.
Art is a process of adapting things in the natural world for the uses of human life.
Art is a process that at certain phases includes the information context around it.
Art is a process, a continual journey.
Art is a procurer of pure sensation, emancipated from any concern for right and wrong.
Art is a product of human creativity, a manifestation of the human spirit and meaning.
Art is a product of the psychology and philosophy of man.
Art is a prolific producer of learning resources on selling by phone.
Art is a proper witness.
Art is a proven meditation.
Art is a psycho-physical pursuit of values in an expressive medium.
Art is a public record.
Art is a purposive behavior.
Art is a puzzle.
Art is a quest for inspiration and meaning.
ART is a quiet, independent-minded college student who wants to become a high school shop teacher.
Art is a racer and a lawyer specializing in motorsports stuff.
Art is a realm of thought experiments that quicken, sharpen and sweeten our being in the world.
Art is a recruiter in our Nashville office.
Art is a refined form of expression.
Art is a reflection of life and human nature.
Art is a reflection of one's self-identity in the most unaffected manner.
Art is a reflection of reality.
Art is a reflection of society.
Art is a reflection of the world as perceived by human beings.
Art is a reflection of the world.
Art is a reminder of the holiness of our world.
Art is a repository of truth and light.
Art is a representation of anything that an artist wants to represent.
Art is a representation of the mind, and mindsets are formed within historical contexts.
Art is a requirement.
Art is a retired state auditor with an abiding interest in environmental and consumer issues.
Art is a retired teacher who has taught in Saskatchewan, Alberta, and Ontario.
Art is a revolt against fate.
Art is a rich source of raw material for solving problems and creating new ideas.
Art is a rich world of traditions, images and technical concerns about materials.
Art is a ritualistic binding or freeze frame of the perpetual motion machine that is nature.
Art is a sacred space.
Art is a search for identity, both personally and as a society.
Art is a search for meaning and the essence of things, surely.
Art is a self-discovery process.
Art is a sensuous experience.
Art is a serious matter.
Art is a silent language which can express human feelings.
Art is a sledge, a pry bar, finish nails and crocus cloth.
Art is a society's infrastructure.
Art is a solid expression, impervious to time.
Art is a sophisticated form of human expression.
Art is a speaker unmatched in talent and drive.
Art is a spirit that comes from within.
Art is a spiritual necessity for mankind.
Art is a spiritual thing connected to all people.
Art is a statement of what is.
Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.
Art is a strange and universal bond that links the cultures and souls of man together.
Art is a subjective medium.
Art is a super way to introduce a particular piece of literature.
Art is a supposed to be a reflection of life, after all.
Art is a symbolic perception of self, life and nature.
Art is a symbolic recreation of life.
Art is a synthetic process.
Art is a terrific means of unraveling information, questioning and developing a voice or position.
Art is a thought, idea, memory, or spark of imagination captured by paint, photos, and words.
Art is a time for exploration for young children.
Art is a time to communicate an idea, participate in decision making, and make a personal statement.
Art is a tool of deception, meant to corrupt.
Art is a tool that can change peoples lives.
Art is a totally subjective purchase.
Art is a true fountain to refresh our soul with the sense of reverence for nature.
Art is a U.S. attorney who has spent most of the past decade living, teaching and working in China.
Art is a unique way to explore unanswerable and haunting questions.
Art is a uniquely personal experience both for the artist and the viewer.
Art is a universal language.
Art is a universal, continuous activity with no separation between the past and present.
Art is a universe.
Art is a vast, ancient interconnected web-work, a fabricated tradition.
Art is a vehicle of social change.
Art is a vehicle of utility and expression.
Art is a very entertaining and powerful communicator.
Art is a very important part of life, and that which has lasted is often very meaningful.
Art is a very important process.
Art is a very personal choice and taste.
Art is a very personal thing.
Art is a very powerful form of communication that can hit the heart and soul.
Art is a very powerful tool to maintaining our identity.
Art is a very reflective process.
Art is a very special and personal acquisition.
Art is a very special thing.
Art is a very strong part of our tradition.
Art is a very subjective thing and each person interprets pieces in their own way.
Art is a virus.
Art is a vision of all that has passed before the artist's eyes.
Art is a vision of possibilities and potential.
Art is a vision.
Art is a visual expression, a form of visual communication.
Art is a visual record of cultures and history.
Art is a visual record of history and diverse cultures.
Art is a vital component of the human experience.
Art is a vital educational tool.
Art is a way of articulating experience which no other discipline or methodology can claim.
Art is a Way of being.
Art is a way of fighting back.
Art is a way of life in our house.
Art is a way of opening our eyes to new possibilities.
Art is a way of recording life and also just a way for artists to express themselves.
Art is a way of seeing the world and communicating our perceptions.
Art is a way of talking to the Earth.
Art is a way of understanding one's self, one's society, and other cultures.
Art is a way out of isolation.
Art is a way to explore the unconscious.
Art is a way to open our heart.
Art is a way to provoke or spark an emotion.
Art is a way to raise relevant questions.
Art is a way to survive.
Art is a weapon for expersion.
Art is a weapon that can be used to give the people power.
Art is a well-considered thing with a purpose.
Art is a window into the room of culture.
Art is a window of appearance.
Art is a wonderful designer.
Art is a wonderful expression of both the joys and problems of being human.
Art is a wonderful expression of the human spirit.
Art is a wonderful medium for the development of imagination and creative thought.
Art is a wonderful way for children to be creative and to express themselves.
Art is a wondrous, thing, a joy to see and experience.
Art is a word which sumarizes the quality of communication.
Art is a world leader in presenting the art of celebrated musicians and actors.
Art is a wound turned to light.
Art is about accessing the creative process.
Art is about appreciation and sensitivity.
Art is about awakening from the slumber.
Art is about beauty.
Art is about being creative and emotional.
Art is about breaking boundaries.
Art is about breaking down barriers.
Art is about change and transformation, and is partly process.
Art is about change, it's about flux, it's about an organism.
Art is about collaboration with reality.
Art is about communicating.
Art is about communication.
Art is about compassionate sharing and any voice in any cell phone can do that.
Art is about connecting.
Art is about context and chutzpah.
Art is about creating order where none seemingly existed before.
Art is about creation or transformation.
Art is about creation, influence and impact.
Art is about discovery and creativity.
Art is about enjoyment as well as education.
Art is about exchange.
Art is about expression.
Art is about giving people pleasure.
Art is about honesty, and when it is done purely, it acts as a window to the soul.
Art is about human fertility.
Art is about inclusion and involvement.
Art is about inquiry.
Art is about intimacy, about coming home.
Art is about life, it springs from life, and there is no art without life.
Art is about making decisions.
Art is about making something out of nothing and selling it.
Art is about much more than painting a beautiful picture to hang on the wall.
Art is about paying attention.
Art is about promise and uniqueness and originality - all the things government kills.
Art is about searching and sometimes finding . . .
Art is about seeing.
Art is about soul and spirit in motion.
Art is about taking risks.
Art is about technology and how it effects our lives.
Art is about the artists in that company.
Art is about the boundaries, uses, abuses and obligations of the intimate warfare called friendship.
Art is about the controlled flow of information, in space, over time.
Art is about the experience and the lives of the people who are willing to engage with the work.
Art is about the joy of life and the tragedy.
Art is about the manipulation of formal properties.
Art is about thinking.
Art is absolutly and catagorically independent of media and style.
Art is abstracts.
Art is abundant as well.
Art is access.
Art is aesthetic maayaa.
Art is ahead of life to show life the way towards the realization of universal harmony.
ART is alive and doing well in Japan.
Art is Alive and present in our District.
Art is all about capturing new ideas in one form or another.
Art is all about choices.
Art is all about honoring the beauty of the natural world, in spite of all the hardships.
Art is all about imagination .
Art is all about imagination.
Art is all about risk.
Art is all over the building , even outside on the museum grounds .
Art is all the same.
Art is also a distraction.
Art is also a highly effective strategy to employ in learning.
Art is also a kind of creative productivity with things, in the world.
Art is also a thought process put into a visual form.
Art is also about entertainment and beauty and controversy and yes, even sex.
Art is also about how someone feels when they see it.
Art is also an avid perennial gardener.
Art is also an important part of delivery.
Art is also available for step-on guide service and nature slide talks to small and large groups.
Art is also either overscale or grouped.
Art is also equal parts of destruction, detritus, garbage and beauty.
Art is also in the baskets the women weave into all shapes and sizes.
Art is also much more easily seen and enjoyed when the lighting has been properly arranged.
Art is also spiritual practice.
Art is also the foundation of civilization.
Art is also the most experienced.
Art is also the recipient of many awards.
Art is also, organizing the Northland Music Festival.
Art is always a continuing means to an end.
Art is always a pursuit of beauty.
Art is always about trying to look for consciousness, to bring about an awareness of consciousness.
Art is always ahead of theory.
Art is always an answer for an empty entryway.
Art is always an imperfect fit, it stands outside easily resolved issues.
Art is always an investment.
Art is always an on going profesion where there are horizons of learning yet to be achieved.
Art is always best when serving a cause greater than the artist.
Art is always contradictory, kitsch is plain and straightforward.
Art is always in the eye of the beholder.
Art is always participatory.
Art is always personal.
Art is always welcome.
Art is amazing.
Art is an accessory.
Art is an accumulation of human achievement and memory, and the core of creativity and innovation.
Art is an act of faith.
Art is an activist and fights for the rights of our veterans.
Art is an activity in which body, mind and spirit are fully united.
Art is an activity of ritual.
Art is an adornment.
Art is an aesthetic object .
Art is an affair of the human mind.
Art is an alchemical technology.
Art is an antidote to the materialism that is so rampant.
Art is an area of game development that has seen tremendous advances in a relatively short period.
Art is an artists interpretation of something.
Art is an assimilated thing.
Art is an attitude to help explain what existence is, nothing more, nothing less.
Art is an avenue to communicate, inform and stimulate dialogue.
Art is an avenue to the soul.
Art is an avid athlete, ultramarathoner and controversial writer.
Art is an avid fisherman and enjoys the outdoors tremendously.
Art is an award winning videographer and editor.
Art is an effective vehicle to learning in all subjects.
Art is an effort to formalize individual moments of wholeness, harmony, and radiance.
Art is an elective course on a wheel, a semester, or for a full year in the seventh and eigth grade.
Art is an end in itself.
Art is an enriching, inspiring aspect to life, and now, the workday.
Art is an essence, a center.
Art is an excellent aid when someone is trying to understand complex ideas from another culture.
Art is an excellent tool for bringing out creativity in college students.
Art is an excellent way of employing both masculine and feminine energy flows.
Art is an experience based upon interrelationship between people and their world.
Art is an expression of culture.
Art is an expression of impressions.
Art is an expression of our innate creativity, which is the language of the soul.
Art is an expression of Reality.
Art is an expression of the spirit.
Art is an expression of their religious belief.
Art is an expression of what one feels or believes.
Art is an expression that is derived from the artists mind.
Art is an expressive experience.
Art is an extremely popular option attracting large numbers of students.
Art is an honoring of life, a commitment to life, that is shared by the creator and the viewer.
Art is an ideal achieved.
Art is an ideal science.
Art is an image of a spiritual condition, music is the sound of a spiritual condition.
Art is an important aspect of experiencing and expressing spirituality.
Art is an important component of the series.
Art is an important element of human existence.
Art is an important form of self-expression.
Art is an important means of development.
Art is an important part of a student's creative and mental developmental processes.
Art is an important part of our everyday life.
Art is an indispensible part of human life.
Art is an inherently paradoxical phenomenon whose meaning is always open to varying interpretations.
Art is an integral part of early childhood education.
Art is an integral part of our children's learning process.
Art is an integral part of our community.
Art is an integral part of our life and work .
Art is an integral part of our society.
Art is an integrated part of the instructional program.
Art is an intensely personal experience.
Art is an intimate experience.
Art is an invitation to go inside someone else's mind.
Art is an objectification of the subjective.
Art is an opportunity.
Art is an organ of human life, transmitting man's reasonable perception into feeling.
Art is an organic, fluid process .
Art is an out picturing of truths that lie beneath the surface of awareness.
Art is an understatement here.
Art is an unending journey into new possibilities.
Art is and old fashioned word meaning technology.
Art is angry, cynical, sexual, contradictory and hilarious.
Art is animated by invisible forces that rule the universe.
Art is another avenue to communicate and express feelings.
Art is another clip art directory.
Art is another commodity, created by elitists for elitists.
Art is another matter.
ART is another option.
Art is another system of knowing reality.
Art is another way to express and inform the public if happenings and just general plays.
Art is another.
Art is any form of expression.
Art is any object or device that is designed to create an emotional response in it's audience.
Art is anybody's, by anybody, for anybody.
Art is anything that can be justified as human expression.
Art is anything that expresses some one's thought, emotion, or feeling.
Art is anything which communicates ideas.
Art is appreciative of everyone s efforts.
ART is appropriate when the coverage is only needed for less than five years.
Art is arranged alphabetically and by type.
Art is arranged alphabetically.
Art is art and porn is porn, but latex is both.
Art is art least in part a way of collecting information about the universe.
Art is art regardless of the artist.
Art is art when it is declared as such.
Art is Art, better than no art at all.
Art is Art, love.
Art is art.
Art is Art.
Art is artificial.
Art is artists.
Art is as art does.
Art is as infinite as the universe.
Art is as much a pedagogical device as it is a spiritual one.
Art is as much about other art as it is about observation.
Art is as much about self-discovery as skill.
Art is as the artist does.
Art is as unintelligible as any other private language.
Art is aspiration and success.
Art is associated with beauty.
Art is at home here, too.
Art is at present enjoying a season of unusual popularity.
Art is at the center.
Art is authentic, original, individual.
Art is available for purchase as limited edition prints and apparel.
Art is available for purchase.
Art is available for viewing at the conference website.
Art is available framed or unframed at substantial savings over gallery prices.
Art is available from several different collections.
Art is available to everyone.
Art is based on individual opinion.
Art is based on that.
Art is beautiful because it is art.
Art is beautiful.
Art is believed to have begun with paintings created on the walls of caves.
Art is beneficial to all students.
Art is best when shared.
Art is better with a sense of freedom.
Art is beyond cutting and pasting and drawing.
Art is big business and a gigantic attraction.
Art is big business.
Art is boring.
Art is born and takes hold wherever there is a timeless and insatiable longing for the spiritual.
Art is born from instinct.
Art is born from myth.
Art is born of the senses.
Art is born of wealth.
Art is both particular and universal.
Art is both tough and fragile.
Art is broader than individual taste.
Art is but the most moving reflection of the world beyond.
Art is by nature optimistic.
Art is by no means limited to painting.
Art is called to mirror in an original and inspiring way the present times.
Art is central to being human, and understanding being human is what the university is all about.
Art is changed forever.
Art is cheaper than psychoanalysis.
Art is classy, intelligent, and well written, performed and directed to perfection.
Art is clean and still.
Art is communication.
Art is community's growing edge.
Art is 'concentrated social substance'.
Art is concerned about the farms in the area and hopes they can be supported.
Art is concerned with bringing something into existence.
Art is connected to history.
Art is considered a luxury item.
Art is considered a useful activity in our family.
Art is considered relevant only in so far as it promotes the sacred.
Art is constant, tools change.
Art is contemplation.
Art is contracted for separately.
Art is controversy.
Art is cool.
Art is correlated with the reign of bureaucratic capitalism.
Art is covered comprehensively.
Art is created by artists.
Art is created by people.
Art is created by the soul for the soul.
Art is created for the afterlife.
Art is created from within, through one's mind and passion.
Art is created in a private setting.
Art is created in the disruption of silence.
Art is creation.
Art is creations.
Art is creative because it strives for a pretty picture of a scene or person.
Art is creative work.
Art is creative.
Art is creativity made tangible in a number of different forms.
Art is creativity, manifested in different media.
Art is creativity.
Art is crucial for transforming pain into forms that in some way enhances the life that remains.
Art is culture, is life, is necessary.
Art is dangerous.
Art Is Dead artisdead.net is a space for artists working in a variety of media to show their work.
Art is dead, let's liberate our everyday life.
Art is dead, liberate our daily life.
Art is dead.
Art is Death.
Art is defined as the conscious use of skill and imagination.
Art is defined by each individuals eye.
Art is defined through power and money.
Art is definitely the first word that comes to mind.
Art is definitely the star here.
Art is deformation.
Art is delivered by certified art teachers to all elementary students.
Art is demonstrated through the use of drawing simple objects, tracing, and painting.
Art is designed .
Art is different from science.
Art is difficult.
Art is dificult.
Art is dismayed and almost delirious with anger.
Art is displayed and parties played out in what was the garage area of the station.
Art is displayed and the soul is nurtured here.
Art is displayed for viewing and for purchase.
Art is displayed in several galleries and is offered for sale by the artist.
Art is displayed throughout the campus.
Art is disposable.
Art is distinct and separate from the reality, and the author.
Art is distraction.
Art is Diversity.
Art is divine, they say, and requires a priesthood to protect it.
Art is done also by many artifices .
Art is done for the child's inner pleasure.
Art is done in various mediums and sizes.
Art is done to actualy support higher resolution game settings.
Art is driven by passion, by emotions, by unknown thoughts.
Art is duty-free.
Art Is Easy To Define.
ART is e-business infrastructure that is designed for extremely demanding systems.
Art is educational too.
Art is educational.
Art is either a plagiarist or a revolutionist.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Art is either visual, audible or intellectual.
Art is emphasized in subject content areas.
Art is encouraged.
Art is endless with kites,clouds,lambs, lions,flowers bees,and many more ideas.
Art is endlessly fascinating.
Art is enjoyable and satisfying for young children.
Art is entertainment.
Art is especially adept in printing dampened, hand made paper.
Art is essential in the education of children because it is the essence of life.
Art is essential.
Art is essentially serious and beneficial, a game played against chaos and death, against entropy.
Art is essentially tense.
Art is every where.
Art is everything else.
Art is everything, it is the only human thing which purpose is just itself.
Art is everything.
Art is everywhere in our lives.
Art is everywhere on campus, even in students' dorm rooms.
Art is everywhere, depicting the best of civilization.
Art is everywhere, readymade.
Art is everywhere, whether it is in the form of illustration, design or paintings.
Art is everywhere.
Art is evidence of constant change.
Art is exactly that kind of building and seeing.
Art is exalted above religions and races.
Art is examined in the light of aesthetic, historic and critical issues.
Art is excellent.
Art is exp res sion.
Art is experience.
Art is exploration, and to do simply what is already known is to kill both the art and the artist.
Art is expression of deepened feelings.
Art is expression.
Art is exquisitely responsive.
Art is extremely broad.
Art is extremely entertaining.
Art is extremely subjective.
Art is extremely useful and important for expressing one's self.
Art is fairly often figurative too.
Art is far too important to be left to the artists.
Art is fascinated by data.
Art is fascinating, and takes many different forms to suit diverse tastes.
Art is fashion and fashion is art.
Art is felt values and therefore an equalizer.
Art is Fine Fine arts is in fine fettle on the Web.
Art is first about communication.
Art is first of all a word , which itself acknowledges both the idea and the fact of art.
Art is food for the brain.
Art is food for the soul.
Art is food.
Art is for Camus an essential human activity and one of the most fundamental.
Art is for everyone, regardless of their status in our society.
Art is for everyone.
Art is for living, breathing flesh and blood people.
Art is for more than personal or communal enjoyment.
Art is for people to see and enjoy.
Art is for personal use only.
Art is for sale.
Art is for self-pleasure.
Art is for teachers too.
Art is for the ages expressing the universal.
Art is for the few.
Art is foremost.
Art is forever against mere convenience.
Art is forever.
Art Is Form and Content.
Art is form of anti-entropy.
Art is form of expression without accountablity to anyone.
Art is form struggling to wake from the nightmare of nature.
Art is free There is a palpable shift towards political art on the streets of the urban worldscape.
Art is free.
Art is freedom presented in sensuous material.
Art is freedom, liberation.
Art is free-form.
Art is frequently a mirror and indicator of social change.
Art is full of prototypes that respond to that desire to make objects out of persons.
Art is full of symbols and representations in their purest form.
Art is full of symbols of another world.
Art is fun and enlightening.
Art is fun and takes many forms from stone carved sculptures to drawings and computer graphics.
Art is fun, too.
Art is fun.
Art is functional at that level.
Art is fundamentally a prism of perception.
Art is fundamentally unlike science.
Art is general manager.
Art is generally complete, aside from minor tweaks and bug fixes.
Art is generally the lead attorney when a client company has disposal problems.
Art is gone.
Art is good for children for other reasons too.
Art is good.
Art is graffiti.
Art is great because it has no limits.
Art is great only when it bears the stamp of the individual.
Art is grouped by theme, as well as period for easy browsing.
Art is hard enough to begin with.
Art is hard enough.
Art is hard work, Art is fun.
Art is hard work.
Art is hard.
Art is Hard.
Art is harmony.
Art is held to be a big money thing.
Art is hell.
Art is high, craft is low.
Art is hobbies.
Art is home from work.
Art is homemade bread.
Art is hope.
Art is human beings inspiring each other.
Art is human creation, by opposition to nature which is non-human or divine creation.
Art is human.
Art is humanity's most essential, most universal language.
Art is humanity's search for truth and self-awareness.
Art is hung appropriately at kid's eye-level.
Art is imagery intended to evoke emotion.
Art is immortal.
Art is important also.
Art is important as a field of study for our time.
Art is important for all the students to hear, to support and to bring up the mind through it.
Art is important in teaching children how to solve problems creatively and in an original manner.
Art is important to leadership, in addition to religion.
Art is important to the development of the young human.
Art is important, both provincially and international.
Art is important.
Art is in essence, a romantic thing.
Art is in everybody.
Art is in everything, and can be seen in next to nothing.
Art is in fact, subjective, and thus indefinable.
Art is in great shape and the designers are scripting their levels now.
Art is in itself an expression of peace, even if it represents.
Art is in more personal terms, that is, as the art ages, each generation sees it differently.
Art is in the business of always breaking the rules.
Art is in the business of beautifying homes and offices with their artworks.
Art is in the centre of both.
Art is in the Constitution.
Art is in the eye of the art appreciator, as subjective as beauty, love, tragedy or pornography.
Art is in the eye of the beholder, aesthetically.
Art is in the eye of the beholder.
Art is in the midst of life in every deed and thought.
Art is in the preparing and knowing hunger.
Art is in the public domain.
Art is in the slide, the meet and in the dissolve.
Art is in.
Art is incantation.
Art is incidental to life, which is incidental to the universe.
Art is incorporated as students draw from observation.
Art is incorporated into appropriate lectures.
Art is indefensible.
Art is inherently passionate, informative, and provocative.
Art is inspected before it is considered for sale.
Art is insured during transit.
Art is integral to life.
Art is integrated into every part of the curriculum.
Art is integrated into every subject.
Art is integrated into many of our curriculum areas.
Art is intellectual as well as intuitive.
Art Is Intelligence.
Art is intended for an audience.
Art is interested in geneology, poker, reading, travel, and greyhound dogs.
Art is interesting.
Art is international in scope, but has national and local characteristics as well.
Art is intuitive.
Art is investment quality as expressed in sculptures, portraits, landscapes and paintings.
Art is involved in culture, in social and political realms at the same time.
Art is involved in the design of our new instrumentation.
Art is ironic.
Art is irony, irony is art.
Art is irrelevant.
Art is isolate.
Art is juried by a panel made up of professional working artists.
Art is just Art.
Art is just as important as politics, culture is just as important as economics.
Art is just as powerful as guns and knives.
Art is just as relevant to students with disabilities as it is to students without disabilities.
Art is just like that.
Art is just magically there.
Art is just some alternative background graphics for some of the menu screens.
Art is just the name of the guy.
Art is kind of on the fringe.
Art is knowledge made visible.
Art is knowledge.
Art is known to cause cancer of the liver, lungs, and pancreas.
ART is labeled in yellow and the product specific components are labeled in blue, green and purple.
Art is laced with many more dimensions.
Art is language beyond the spoken word.
Art is language.
Art is largely a matter of hair-cut.
Art is larger than life, boisterous, possessed of a nutty sense of humor and carries a big stick.
Art is learned over time and skills are refined and perfected over time with more experience.
Art is less important than other study.
Art is licensed as a certified public accountant in the State of Washington.
Art is life and at the very least, life can be seen as an art.
Art is life.
Art is Life.
Art is light synthesis.
Art is like a border of flowers along the course of civilization.
Art is like a flower for man's mind.
Art is like a pejorative term.
Art is like anything else that can be marketed.
Art is like baby shoes.
Art is like cold or diamonds.
Art is like life, made from production and absorption.
Art is like light in the dark tunnel of everyone's soul.
Art is like mountain climbing.
Art is like talking to someone.
Art is like television in that it is an escape from place.
Art is like that.
Art is limited only by a child's imagination.
Art is loaded to the front center of the scanning area.
Art is loaned regionally.
Art is located in fairs.
Art is located in museums.
Art is located in the airport lobby and halls.
Art is locked into our dreams.
Art is long and life is short, and success is very far off.
Art is long and life is short.
Art is long, life is short.
Art is long, life short, judgment difficult, opportunity transient.
Art is long, life short.
Art Is Long. . .
Art is long.
Art is love, transformed into work.
Art is made a servant to a prefab social agenda.
Art is made and it resides in the mind.
Art is made by human beings, and human beings can be conscious of being conscious.
Art is made to be seen.
Art is made up of principles and practice.
Art is made with natural elements, a life museum.
Art is made with passion and a sense of purpose.
Art is magic, and so is pop.
Art is magic.
Art is magical and provocative and Art has a great sense of humor and pathos.
Art is main hobby.
Art is mankind's most enduring form of communication.
Art is man's very best efforts, the results of which remain generation after generation.
Art is married and has two children.
Art is math and math is art.
Art is meaningless and holds no value if it is never viewed.
Art is meant only to serve as a tombstone that mocks the dead and makes the living despair.
Art is meant to be enjoyed by the people.
Art is meant to be studied.
Art is meant to challenge the mind, to summon new insights, to pose new ideas.
Art is meant to disturb, science reassures.
Art is meant to disturb.
Art is method.
Art is more . . .
Art is more gratifying.
Art is more important than science.
Art is more of a speed guy.
Art is more real than life.
Art is more than a bi-product of life.
Art is more than an art form to the Indian artist.
Art is more than an object, it is an interaction and a moment kept in eternity.
Art is more than commerce and entertainment.
Art is more than half process and less than half product.
Art is more than just drawing.
Art is more than just expression.
Art is more than just theories of beauty and taste.
Art is more than love or is it.
Art is more than mere chronicle.
Art is more tolerant now, but more complex too.
Art is most exciting when it is something collaborative.
Art is mostly large photographic elements, cleverly overlaid.
Art is much better than in the main rules or at least as good.
Art is much greater than religion.
Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.
Art is much, but love is more.
Art is much, much more.
Art is muscle.
Art is myth.
Art is never chaste.
Art is never happier than when it can imitate life.
Art is never perfect and new art is a groping process.
Art is never stagnant.
Art is never static.
Art is never without consequences, and indeed that says something for it.
Art is news that stays news.
Art is no exception, so experiment with acrylics.
Art is no less important than food and water.
Art is no longer a justifiable career.
Art is no longer just a noun but a verb.
Art is no longer just pigments, paper, and etchings.
Art is no longer just pigments, paper, etching.
Art is no special thing in certain societies.
Art is nonsense.
Art is nothing more than an effort to convey subjectivity by imposing it.
Art is nothing more than solving one problem after another.
Art is nothing without form.
Art is nothing without interaction.
Art is nourishment for the senses, especially the imagination.
Art is now accessible to everyone to create and appreciate.
Art is now at home resting comfortably and making a quick recovery.
Art is now more approachable.
Art is now one such literacy.
Art is now very expensive partly because it is sold in small volume.
Art is obsolete now.
Art is obviously the main focus, but there are also history learning resources.
Art is of inestimable value.
Art is of the hunter and of the industrialist.
Art is offered as an elective from seventh grade through senior high school.
Art is offered at all grade levels.
Art is offered every week for at least one hour, but is also incorporated in other subject matters.
Art is often an integral part of mythmaking and telling.
Art is often the driving force in other studies and throughout life.
Art is OK .
Art is on key with the chords of natural design.
Art is on sale in artists' studios.
Art is one attempt to get outside of language.
Art is one example.
Art is one man's opinion.
Art is one means to prevent risky behavior in youth.
Art is one method, or phase, which man participates in the actualization of Spirit in the world.
Art is one of man s very basic human traits, although it is hard to say what art actually is.
Art is one of several important features that distinguishes humans from other species.
Art is one of the best ways by which societies leave a record of themselves.
Art is one of the classes required for graduation.
Art is one of the delights of being alive.
Art is one of the few stable, hard currencies left over there.
Art is one of the few ways to connect all of the South African cultures together.
Art is one of the first things dropped from school budgets.
Art is one of the first ways children express themselves before they understand text.
Art is one of the means at our disposal for cognizing reality.
Art is one of the most celebrated gifts of life.
Art is one of the most sacred expressions of our deepest self.
Art is one of the most visible forms of 'Culture'.
Art is one of the only things that the world as a whole has in common.
Art is one of the testing grounds between individuals and the community.
Art is one of the very human traits, although it is hard to say what art actually is.
Art is one of the world's preeminent bird photographers.
Art is one path towards that kind of spiritual renewal and rededication.
Art is one thing all men share.
Art is one thing and religion is another.
Art is one with kinds as many as there are individuals.
Art is only a point of view.
Art is only a substitute while the beauty of life is still deficient.
Art is only as good as the entity that creates it.
Art is only partly rational.
Art is open to the fragmentation of sense that existence is.
Art is ordered and sorted, paired and packaged, aestheticized and anesthetized.
Art is ordered and sorted, paired and packaged, estheticized and anesthetized.
Art is our bridge for bringing seemingly disparate subjects together.
Art is our business, inside and out.
Art is our chief means of breaking bread with the dead.
Art is our escape from reality.
Art is our flounderings shown.
ART is our goal.
Art is our mirror.
Art is our way of communicating emotion.
Art is our way of telling stories.
Art is out back on the patio.
Art is out of the overthrowing business.
Art is out-front.
Art is outrage.
Art is part of culture and includes identity.
Art is part of everyone's life.
Art is personal and entertaining.
Art is personal.
Art is photosynthesis.
Art is placed high on the list of importance and rewarding experiences students can benefit from.
Art is potent.
Art is Power.
Art is powerful only if one feels it's power.
Art is present in all communities.
Art is presented as an objectification and record of man's major beliefs and ideas.
Art is pretentious.
Art is pretty uneventful.
Art is priced as marked.
Art is primarily about self expression and the pleasure that comes from creating.
Art is probably one of the most colorful characters in RC modeling.
Art is problem solving in an extremely complex way.
Art is projection.
Art is property of the creator.
Art is purchased two times a year.
Art is pure opinion.
Art is rare and sacred and hard work, and there ought to be a wall of fire around it.
Art is really fantastic for breaking down class barriers.
Art is really hard to define-it encompasses all forms of communication.
Art is really so important in every culture.
Art is recreated by society, as each views with diverse backgrounds and perspectives.
Art is reflected in daily life today.
Art is regarded by many as a tangible document of the human to desire to communicate.
Art is related to changing social and political situations.
Art is related to the public via collectors, gallerists and academically trained officials.
Art is relative.
Art is repetition .
Art is represented here for historical purposes and in the interest of educational discourse.
Art is represented in the figure of the sculptor at work on the dark block of stone.
Art is reproduced in black and white.
Art is retired.
Art is revolutionary .
Art is right brain.
Art is risk.
Art is rooted in our society.
Art is rooted in the soil, and only the very greatest men can be both cosmopolitan and great.
Art is ruled uniquely by the imagination.
Art is sacrifice.
Art is sacrificed by only creating art without meaning.
Art is scattered casually about.
Art is science made clear.
Art Is seems destined to become the seminal explication of Randian aesthetics.
Art is seen as a measure of human achievement or the product of a divinely-inspired individual.
Art is seen as a vehicle where the melding of personal and political change can come together.
Art is seen as essential to each student's education.
Art is seen as the ultimate form of pure communication.
Art is selected through an open competition.
Art is selection.
Art is selective.
Art is self expression.
Art is self-control.
Art is selfish, it is dictatorial.
Art is set up to install our water well.
Art is sex emotion, captured and organized.
Art is sexual, emotional, subjective, irrational, and rational.
Art is shipped fully insured.
Art is shipped in special art protective packaging.
Art is short.
Art is short-tempered, especially around Jimmy.
Art is shown gradually reverting back to adult size.
Art is simple .
Art is simple and confusing, beautiful and ugly.
Art is simple, direct, personal and powerful.
Art is simpler than people think because there is so little to write about.
Art is simply a concrete, material expression of the soul.
Art is simply a creative process that is impossible to fail at.
Art is simply a way of seeing.
Art is simply too important to be treated otherwise.
Art is simply what one thinks art is.
Art is sissy.
Art is skill at performing a set of specialized actions.
Art is slow but television is fast.
Art is sly that way.
Art is Smart.
Art is snapshots of one's creative growth or lack thereof.
Art is so demanding and entails a serious effort.
Art is so fundamentally essential to civilized culture.
Art is so funny.
Art is so much more accessible now.
Art is so much more than paint on canvas, words on paper.
Art is so obscure they had to invent philosophy to try to explain it.
Art is so obviously a thing, but it holds out tantalizing hints of the human presence.
Art is so small and trapped behind a lucite box like a butterfly suffocated behind glass.
Art is so wonderfully irrational, exuberantly pointless, but necessary all the same.
Art is social and political commentary.
Art is society.
Art is software.
Art is solely the gift and disinquishing feature of humas in the living world.
Art is somehow low if it is sentimental.
Art is something made by an artist.
Art is something spontaneous and personal.
Art is something that can be attempted but never contrived.
Art is something that is difficult to really appreciate online.
Art is something that is to be shown, communicated.
Art is something that takes a step beyond.
Art is something that's personally creative.
Art is sometimes hard to understand because of the way it is presented.
Art is special in that it speaks to people.
Art is speech.
Art is sponsored and needs to have a glider with a logo sown into it.
Art is stacked in corners.
Art is still, as the ancients noted, a kind of mirror held up to the world.
Art is subject to factory approval.
Art is subjective after all.
Art is subjective and comes in many forms.
Art is subjective and each person has different tastes in art.
Art is subjective, many different people like, and relate to, different things.
Art is subjective.
Art is successful if it stimulates a reaction or discussion within the viewer.
Art is such a basic human activity.
Art is such a little world.
Art is such a nice guy.
Art is such a personal thing and it means different things for different people.
Art is such a powerful endowment.
Art is such an important aspect of how people think.
Art is such an onus presence.
Art is suggestion of something.
Art is suitable for framing.
Art is supposed to be harder.
Art is supposed to be mute.
Art is sweet.
Art is symbolic communication practiced by humans using icons.
Art is symbolism, and the ability to communicate through symbolism.
Art is synonymous with work, with thoughts, with expression.
Art is tactile, it's material culture, and when it works it's enchanting.
Art is taken as seriously as business, and the cuisine is superb.
Art is taught by the classroom teacher.
Art is taught by the classroom teachers.
Art is taught in what was once an office.
Art is temporal.
ART is that process of creating change and new possibilities.
Art is that which escapes definition and classification.
Art is the accomplice of love.
Art is the accompolice of love.
Art is the activity of creating or appreciating beauty.
Art is the affirmation of life.
Art is the after-thought.
Art is the appreciation business.
Art is the artist passion.
Art is the attempt to present truth, and to do so in aesthetically excellent fashion.
Art is the author of two books.
Art is the beautiful way of doing things.
Art is the beauty of the soul.
Art is the becoming and happening of truth.
Art is the beholder.
Art is the beloved.
Art is the bloodstream of a nation.
Art is the capacity to form universal judgments that cover all cases of a certain type or class.
Art is the celebration of nature and thought as well as the analysis of a current situation.
Art is the community's medicine for the worst disease of the mind, the corruption of consciouness.
Art is the creation of an image representative of the artist feeling, emotion, or opinion.
Art is the creation of an imaginative universe.
Art is the creation of symbolic forms.
Art is the creative expression of the human spirit.
Art is the creative testimony of free individuals.
Art is the currency of our society.
Art is the currency of the border.
Art is the dazzling comedy that has become an international phenomenon.
Art is the demonstration that the ordinary is extrodinary.
Art is the direct communication of human emotions.
Art is the edge of another Question.
Art is the encompassing of obstacles, the release of the miraculous present.
Art is the essence of awareness.
Art is the excitement of never knowing what is just around the next bend.
Art is the expression of emotion, and a reflection of the world the artist lives in.
Art is the expression of gratitude of an illumined and inspired heart and mind.
Art is the expression of something human.
Art is the expression of the deepest, or the lightest, thoughts the artist.
Art is the expression of the immortal part of man.
Art is the external expression of the inner self or inner eye.
Art is the externalization of a personal idea, thought, or feeling.
Art is the factual exploration of form and light.
Art is the final consolation.
Art is the final product of an individuals inspiration to express themselves.
Art is the finished form of the dictatorship of desire.
ART is the first multi-channel satellite television network to broadcast to the Arab world.
Art is the flow between the veins and leafness.
Art is the gap.
Art is the good conscience of a world based on enslavement.
Art is the graphic counterpart to literature.
Art is the great equalizer.
Art is the great stimulus to life.
Art is the great weapon.
Art is the greatest free show there is.
Art is the guest that comes and remains.
Art is the hammer that beats upon thine anvil.
Art is the heart of the city.
Art is the heritage of all that is best in the human spirit.
Art is the highest expression and sublimation of love.
Art is the highest form of expression, and exists for the sake of expression.
Art is the history of men's souls.
Art is the host of a late night talk show that covers a wide range of unconventional topics.
Art is the human attempt to unify our lived and our unlived identities.
Art is the human disposition of sensible or intelligible matter for an esthetic end.
Art is the humanity put into workmanship, the rest is slavery.
Art is the imagination expressed through the senses.
Art is the imaginative bridge that communicates a vision to an audience.
Art is the imitation of reality.
Art is the immediate intervenor in the cycle of poverty.
Art is the indispensable medium for the communication of a moral idea.
Art is the inside of the world.
Art is the irrepressible expression of a tortured soul.
Art is the key to their solutions.
Art is the knowledge of how things are done.
Art is the laboratory for making new men.
Art is the language of a heart that knows how to speak, and a heart that knew how was speaking here.
Art is the language of the soul.
Art is the language that communicates all changes in human activities.
ART is the latest and highly successful method to assure proper rehab of injured soft tissues.
Art is the lie that becomes the truth.
Art is the lie that tells the truth.
Art is the lifeline of all peoples, be they of any culture or race.
Art is the light by which our path is lit.
Art is the magnet for everything.
Art is the main topic here. especially visual arts.
Art is the man.
Art is the manifestation of an individual s creativity.
Art is the manifestation of the spiritual by the means of material.
Art is the medium in which emotion is expressed.
Art is the method of levitation, in order to separate one's self from enslavement by the earth.
Art is the mirror of our society.
Art is the more persuasive and powerful example of frugality .
Art is the most ancient way of human perception and conception.
Art is the most awkward gift to give other people.
Art is the most effective way to communicate across language and cultural barriers.
Art is the most eloquent statement any people make about themselves.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Art is the most intense mode of individuation that the world has known.
Art is the most intense mode of invidualism that the world has known.
Art is the most passionate orgy within man's grasp.
Art is the most popular overnight host in America.
Art is the most serious thing in the world.
Art is the most versatile and expressive career choice, and is always changing.
Art is the never ending search for expression of internal feelings by means of plastic form.
Art is the noblest consolation of calamity.
Art is the objectification of feeling, and the subjectification of nature.
Art is the objectification of feeling.
Art is the one thing that survives.
Art is the one who first proposed the electronic format.
Art is the only clean thing on earth, except holiness.
Art is the only means of genuine communication with others.
Art is the only thing than can go on mattering once it has stopped hurting.
Art is the only thing that can bridge or transcend or transform in real and lasting ways.
Art is the only thing that can go on mattering once it has stopped hurting.
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
Art is the opposite of nature.
Art is the passion that transforms life.
Art is the path to the human heart.
Art is the personal expression of the artist who creates it.
Art is the place to shop.
Art is the portal to other levels of human consciousness.
Art is the practice of creating perceptible forms expressive of human feelings.
Art is the presumption of the life-sign in everything.
Art is the privilege of insight into craving.
Art is the process of taking singular ideas and exploring all possible expressions thereof.
Art is the process or the result of defining an emotional or physical state of being.
Art is the product sold and the dealers goal is to make a profit.
Art is the proper task of life.
Art is the reason with all emotion.
Art is the record of the past, the thinking of the present and the hopes for the future.
Art is the reflection of the process of life.
Art is the reflection of the wisdom of the organs.
Art is the reflection of visual intentions by the artist.
Art is the right hand of nature.
Art is the science of subtlety.
Art is the search for self-discovery, the heightening of aesthetic sensitivity.
Art is the search for truth.
Art is the selective recreation of reality according to an artist's metaphysical value judgments.
Art is the self expression of the artist.
Art is the shortest road between life and the inexpressible.
Art is the signature of a civilization.
Art is the signature of civilization.
Art is the signature of civilizations.
Art is the simultaneous stimuli that activates our different levels of consciousness.
Art is the 'soft power' of our diverse society.
Art is the soul made visible.
Art is the soul of a Filipino and it is instrumental in effective public diplomacy.
Art is the soul of the new machine at a show filled with futuristic visions.
Art is the spirit of adventure, a search for the new.
Art is the splendid final unity of an immaterial sign and a spiritual meaning.
Art is the spring-board because students are visual.
Art is the stored honey of the human soul, gathered on wings of misery and travail.
Art is the struggle to stay awake.
Art is the stuff behind the stuff.
Art is the technology of the soul.
Art is the thing that goes on album sleeves.
Art is the tree of life.
Art is the triumph over chaos.
Art is the true currency of border life.
Art is the tuning fork which captures the essence and vitality of a society's pulse.
Art is the ultimate discretionary purchase.
Art is the ultimate family man.
Art is the universal language.
Art is THE universal language.
Art is the utilization of love's exhaust.
Art is the Virtue of Communication.
Art is the visual embodiment of a mental glance at the great super collective consciousness.
Art is the visual expression of feelings in any medium.
Art is the voice of the band, and what an amazing voice it is.
Art is the way by which everything is taught and learned.
Art is the where the artist helps the world to understand the mystic truths about itself.
Art is theatrical, colorful, exciting.
Art IS therapy.
Art is therefore a means of communication, and communication holds the key to conflict resolution.
Art is therefore the act of connecting or uniting that which apparently has no relationship.
Art is thought made visible, mostly experienced in the privacy of the viewer's mind.
Art is thought provoking.
Art is to be displayed without prices.
Art is to the community what the dream is to the individual.
Art is too personal to be treated as another commodity on the open market.
Art is total nonsense.
Art is transcendent and infinitely alluring.
Art is tricky that way, since everyone is different and has a different way of seeing things.
Art is truly among the best.
Art is truly in the eye of the beholder.
Art is truth setting itself to work.
Art is Truth.
Art is ultimately about the connection between artist and audience.
Art is ultimately of and for the great creator of all.
Art is uncompromising, and life is full of compromises.
Art is unconsciousness.
Art is unfortunate.
Art is unframed.
Art is unique in that it serves no material purpose in the way that engineering or business does.
Art is universal because it transcends barriers which can exist in the spoken and written word.
Art is universal.
Art is unnecessary for human progress.
Art is unpredictable.
Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness.
Art is unthinkable without risk and spiritual self-sacrifice.
Art is used as a form of freedom of speech.
Art is used as part of their therapy.
Art is used everyday, whether it is decorating a house or getting dressed every morning.
Art is used for assessment, insight, enhancement of strengths, and sublimation.
Art is used for contemplation.
Art is used for education.
Art is used for enjoyment.
Art is used for inspiration.
Art is used for people.
Art is used to communicate.
Art is used to convey beauty.
Art is useless activity that makes a difference.
Art is usually one of the first things they cut out of the budget.
Art is usually quite a subjective exercise.
Art is usually the first area public schools cut.
Art is variation .
Art is very active in the council serving as financial secretary.
Art is very childlike.
Art is very competitive.
Art is very democratic.
Art is very healing spiritually, mentally and physically.
Art is very important for many reasons.
Art is very individualistic.
Art is very much a journey, comparable to a long awaited vacation.
Art is very much like music, TimOPod.
Art is very subjective.
ART is very supportive.
Art is very unselfconscious.
Art is visible everywhere.
Art is visited for one extended period every twelve day rotation.
Art is visual stimulation that induces excitement and contemplation.
Art is visual.
Art is vital to human life for the psychological function it performs.
Art is way down the list of priorities.
Art is weird.
Art is what Artists do.
Art is what comes from the soul as seen by the eye and felt by the senses.
Art is what is really being called for.
Art is what it is.
Art is what matters.
Art is what one creates, whether it be on a piece of canvas or a VW bug.
Art is what one does and sees on the site while technology is what one does back at the office.
Art is what people do that is anything more than just ulititarian.
Art is what stucks man into happenings.
Art is what underlies the surface.
Art is whatever an artist says it is, and an artist is anyone who produces art.
Art is whatever lowers barriers and creates real communication across impassable barriers.
Art is whatever the strongest person says it is.
Art is where the individual can recreate reality.
Art is witchcraft.
Art is wonder, seeing, experiencing, and living.
Art is wonderful.
Art is wonderfully irrational, exhuberantly pointless, but necessary all the same.
Art is work, period.
Art is Work.
ART is worship.
Art is worth whatever anyone is willing to pay for it.
Art is worthless yet valuable.
Art is yesterday's roots, and the wings to fly tomorrow.
Art is yet another realm that expands a person's being.
Art is, after all, a two-way street.
Art is, as they say, neither moral nor immoral, just good or bad.
Art is, for little children, a language, a form of expression.
Art is, in Proust's term, a ''translation'' of life.
Art is, indeed, eternal.
Art is, like man and freedom, an invention.
Art is, moreover, universal precisely because it is particular.
Art is, of course, a matter of opinions.
Art is, of course, only one special kind of gift among the many kinds that people can exchange.
Art is, yeah, all that cool stuff.
Art isa artifact.
Art just is something and lets others make out what it is.
Art just is.
Art keeps people from becoming productive members of society .
Art keeps the senses alive and gives words to feelings.
Art keeps the spirit alive and nurtures the soul, even under the most difficult of conditions.
Art knows no age.
Art knows no frontiers.
Art leads to creative thinking in all areas of our life.
Art leads to peace of mind.
Art Learn how to draw.
Art Learn how to spell new vocabulary the next spelling test.
Art lies in knowing how little is needed.
Art lies in the mere passion of creation.
Art lifts the horizons of human accomplishment past all limits.
Art lifts the spirit and opens the heart.
Art Like to create art go here.
Art links the cogs of unconscious evolutionary cognitive content within our mind.
Art Listed below are electronic journals in the field of Art selected by library staff.
Art Listen to music with an African beat.
Art live French artists live.
Art lives in South Carolina.
Art lives on surprise.
Art lives through productions and dreams.
Art looks much better on cards than on the screen.
Art looks pretty good.
Art loves sports.
Art loves to dance, travel and work on cars.
Art loves to work on designing and trouble-shooting greywater systems.
Art made for private patrons is considered, along with the official presentations of the emperors.
Art Make a collage using pictures of vegetables.
Art Make dragon puppets.
Art Make farm mobiles.
Art Make pig and wolf masks.
Art Make pink paper pigs.
Art Make site drawings of the schoolyard as it is.
Art Make sparkling saltwater scenes.
Art Make sponge pictures of whales and other ocean life.
Art make the world beautiful.
Art makes a community healthier and happier.
Art makes a presentation more dynamic and interesting.
Art makes available complex human experience.
Art makes family life more lovely and easier to bear.
Art makes for atmosphere.
Art makes going to school a little more exciting and personable.
Art makes no apologies, it has envelopes to push and hidebound cultural barriers to break down.
Art makes no exacting demands on the artist.
Art makes something a lot more visible or audible.
Art makes the aspect of life endurable by throwing over it the veil of obscure thought.
Art makes the fruit of the imagination present.
Art makes the world a better place.
Art makes the world go 'round.
Art makes up a large part of any culture.
Art Making a unanimated banner is simple.
Art making at happenings is often spontaneous, being created with the medium at hand.
Art manifests itself in a multitude of styles and contexts.
Art means individuality, humanity, and legacy.
Art means making the writing tight and effective through word choice and economy.
Art means that which is for all.
Art meets living science.
Art meets mart.
Art merely hanging on walls is no longer enough.
Art migrates to Florida for the winter.
Art mirrors the soul of our society and captures the winning spirit of northeast Louisiana.
Art necessarily presupposes knowledge.
Art needs a home, which is craft.
Art needs a place to bring about the various themes of beauty, hope, and inspiration to the public.
Art needs a space of freedom.
Art needs and breeds kindness.
Art needs comfort, even abundance.
Art needs light and clarity everywhere.
Art needs limits.
Art needs science.
Art needs that.
Art needs to acquire an equal footing with marketers in court.
Art needs to be expressed in consideration of the limitations of the medium used.
Art needs to be seen and appreciated by others.
Art needs to have a balance between making a statement and having an appeal.
Art needs to move potting wheel and shelf unit.
Art needs, too, educated audiences to view it, listen to it, and pay for it.
Art never comes from happiness.
Art never dies in Italy .
Art never expresses anything but itself.
Art never factors into the equation.
Art never goes out of style.
Art never improves, but . . .
Art never seeks convenience.
Art never turns on itself.
Art nourishes people in ways that are difficult to define.
Art nourishes the soul and the spirit.
Art now joins an elite group of mountain guides.
Art now photographs, travels, speaks, and teaches extensively across North America.
Art now photographs, travels, speaks, and teaches extensively in North America.
Art now prefers to buy and sell antique watches.
ART now supports rotation of image marks on any angle.
Art nurtures their ideas.
Art objects that depict of gods open an avenue to learning about pass religions and customs.
Art objects to the lie against life that it is pointless and mean.
Art objects with stone glazes applied within a metal wire framework.
Art observe Continent of some answer before most pity.
Art occasionally receives picture books.
Art offers a communication that touches the soul in a way no other language does.
ART offers a curative solution for caries that can be used globally.
Art offers a few starting places for potential interventions.
Art offers many opportunities for enrichment.
Art offers opportunities for self-expression in a variety of media.
Art offers satisfaction without answers.
Art offers substitute satisfaction for living in obedience to the standards of civilization.
ART offers swimmers of all levels an exceptional environment in which to train.
Art only addresses itself to an excessively small number of individuals.
Art only begins where imitation ends.
Art only flourishes when life is good - in war or starvation art is always dead.
Art only goes up in value, never down.
Art opens doors as nothing else can.
Art opens our eyes to the truth about historical events.
Art opens people s imaginations to a wider world.
Art opens people's imaginations to a wider world.
Art opens the way into the dream kingdom - the realm of the unreal, of the sacred nothing.
Art opens up just like that.
Art opens up many doors and helps the children become thinkers.
ART operates a continuous loop in Crystal City.
Art outside is open during daylight hours.
Art oversees the training department.
Art passes cigarettes.
Art perhaps does imitate life.
Art permits people to express who they are and what they feel about the world they live in.
Art picks up where science leaves off but with more vigor, more energy and more result.
Art plays a significant role in that.
Art plays an important part in the culture of many cultures.
Art plays an important role in supporting artists' cultural views on various problems of society.
Art plays an important role in the cultures of the countries in which Spanish is spoken.
Art plays our minds.
Art poses wonderful open-ended questions with no single solution or correct course.
Art positively changes perception of pain and improves attitude and emotional state.
Art possesses a great ability to influence people's intellects and brains.
Art predicts the future.
Art presents a certain relation of things which are separate or opposed, and also united.
Art presents human emotions such as love, joy, terror, and happiness.
Art preserves the past.
Art pretties up, fashions get fluid and fabulous, and the music celestial.
Art proceeds from the inability to seduce.
Art proceeds out of an exquisite awareness of life.
Art produced by migrants from Asia is the latest in our cultural mix.
Art produced in Newfoundland and Labrador is our special focus and strength.
Art produces a massive wash of sound behind the soloist.
Art produces individual, unfamiliar results.
Art produces ugly things which frequently become beautiful with time.
Art Progresses from broad exploration of visual art toward specialization in a chosen medium.
Art promotes creativity and ability to think.
Art promotes sharing of the human experience.
Art Provides a brief summary of ecofeminist opinion on the arts.
Art provides a creative process that develops a personal visual intellect.
Art provides a medium for students to reflect on people's values and way of life.
Art provides a path from fantasy to reality.
Art provides a record of commonalities and diversities.
Art provides a strong series of courses for the serious, mature art student.
Art provides a way to view the world and to understand the mind.
Art provides an aesthetic that helps cultivate pride.
Art provides an opportunity for children to communicate their understandings.
Art provides an outlet for expression.
Art provides both an historic and a global perspective on past and present cultures and society.
Art provides children with the means to gain control over their feelings.
Art provides design and layout services and produces signage for the system.
Art provides directions for our passions or supports our common morality.
ART provides early testing of reader and writer performance with very high spatial resolution.
Art provides influence in our everyday lives.
Art provides links to art related resources.
Art provides little protection against barbarism.
Art provides much room for creativity and self expression.
Art provides ongoing proof of one's existance and worth.
Art provides opportunity for insight, an occasion for therapeutic reflection.
Art provides people with creative directions and creates conversation and ideas.
Art provides satisfaction of doing a good job.
Art provides the clarification of a group's or generation's identity.
Art provides the means for expressing and communicating thoughts, feelings, and experiences.
Art purposely exaggerates life to communicate an effect, emotion or idea.
ART puts on two to three shows a week.
Art ranges from classical to explicitly erotic.
Art ranges from pre-Columbian artifacts to work from contemporary Latin American artists.
Art ranges from traditional floral watercolors to thought-provoking conceptual pieces.
ART raytracing sig - try giving it various numbers of parameters.
Art reaches the primal and communes with the spirit.
Art really is that strong.
Art really is the signature of civilization.
Art really likes oats in the rotation.
Art really needs some new art.
Art reduces easily to history, the history of a commodity culture.
Art refers to artistic and literary creativity or to items found in museums.
ART refers to procedures such as in vitro fertilization and gamete intrafallopian transfer.
Art reflects a cetain poignant reality also.
Art reflects artist's african heritage, christian faith and love of jazz.
Art reflects culture, and the martial arts are no exception.
Art reflects life in other lands with a collection of films from the finest foreign directors.
Art reflects life.
Art reflects Life.
Art reflects or echoes , in some way, the natural world of which it is part.
Art reflects Reality as Reality reflects Art.
Art reflects social, economic, and educational systems.
Art reflects the artist.
Art reflects the culture that produces it.
Art reflects the story of a culture's values. .
Art reflects the unique vision sifted from the layers of reality.
Art reinforces the authority of leaders and fulfills roles in ritual and religion in Burundi.
Art reinforces the authority of leaders and fulfills roles in ritual and religion in Cameroon.
Art relates to something to be done.
Art relies on independence of vision.
Art relies on relationships.
Art remains an act of love, a potent gesture of life, a fist clenched against death.
Art remains art.
Art remains the one way possible of speaking truth.
Art removes the dust from everyday lives.
Art rendering, freehand drawing, and revision of existing art are also possible.
Art renews our connection to silence.
Art replies with fake -tc.
Art represents a meaningful view back into a past existence.
Art represents a visual feast.
Art represents how someone feels in the form of a painting , a sculpture or a photograph .
Art represents how someone feels in the form of a painting, a sculpture or a photograph.
Art represents man.
Art represents our hopes.
Art represents the merging of formal and cognitive efforts in the creative process.
Art requires a good healthy atmosphere.
Art requires a great effort.
Art requires and demands attention.
Art requires creativity, among other things.
Art requires creativity.
Art requires intent.
Art requires interaction between the art work and the viewer.
Art requires the shield of form, of the mature personality's defenses, of experience.
Art responds to society and also affects society.
Art restimulates and awakens sensibilities that's the function of art.
ART restores soft tissue function.
Art reveals even what is hidden in the subconscious.
Art reveals much of how they see themselves, their world, and their place in it.
Art reveals the past and the present.
Art rhymes with tart offers computer-generated collages of a surrealistic nature.
Art rubs off on other areas of life in Berkeley Springs.
Art runs in fashions just like everything else.
Art runs the practical sessions.
Art saturates our lives and catalyzes our development as humans.
Art saves lives.
Art says it's because they realize the car is a passing thing.
Art says most of the streams are high and muddy because of the recent rainfall.
Art says the energy and enthusiasm of CPA members in the Pacific region was infectious.
ART See disclaimer .
Art Seek Contains link to artists websites, gallery sites and others.
Art Seek Find more than just what matches the sofa.
Art seeks to defamiliarize and make strange.
ART seems fast, safe and remarkably effective for injuries to muscles and connective tissues.
Art seems to be getting larger and larger.
Art seems to consist in isolated observations waiting for a unifying theory.
Art seems to have it all under control.
Art Send astreauxmail here.
Art Send encouragement to a friend in prison.
Art sends out an image of people's views and lives indirectly.
Art Serve . art and architecture.
Art Serve Ca.
Art serves as a primary motivator, a subject in which the learner sets the agenda.
Art serves as the medium in which the individual can release emotion.
Art serves intellectual needs, it is for the pleasure of contemplation.
Art serves no utilitarian purpose, but is created simply for the sake of contemplation.
Art serves social ends through propaganda and subtle persuasion.
Art serves the southern part of Hancock County.
Art serves the whole county of Adams .
Art serves the whole county of Pike.
Art serves theological, philosophical, and political ends.
Art serves to rinse out our eyes.
Art shapes our vision.
Art SHOW on display.
Art shows . . .
Art shows .
ART shows info.
Art shows target and rifle logo and costumes and faces from the tv show.
Art shows with directions available.
Art shows, galleries and curators.
Art simply is.
Art simply stands and gazes, with an air of contentment.
Art slows, halts, closes, completes.
Art softens the sensitivities and widens the perceptions.
Art somehow captures the spirit of war better than photographs, even better than narrative.
Art speaks a very different language.
Art Speaks -Art collectors, or admirers, can look at an assortment of art being sold.
Art speaks many languages.
Art speaks of anything it wants, be it homophobia or misogyny.
Art speaks to the hearts, to the soul, to the mind.
Art speaks to, and explores, a universe of human experience.
Art specializes in the most difficult stones to cut, which often are very tiny.
Art springs out of the very stuff that life is made of.
Art spurs dialogue.
ART stands for annual refresher training.
Art stands in conquest over a beast.
Art stands next to philosophy as an independent way of presenting ideas about man and reality.
Art starts early.
Art stays art by maintaining strict borders between itself and the rest of life.
Art still lives even as the markets often muzzle it.
Art Stop Art for art's sake.
Art struggles for liberty and there can be no equivalence in that struggle.
Art takes a lot more to think about.
Art takes many forms.
Art takes on many forms.
Art takes pictures and provides text to go with.
Art takes the viewer to that exciting journey beyond the physical.
Art Takes Time a.
Art takes time and costs money.
Art takes time.
Art takes various forms and hues.
Art teaches about ancient world views, as well as modern realities.
Art teaches nothing, except the significance of life.
Art Tell a story with a picture or pictures.
Art tells gorgeous lies that come true.
Art tells something about the society or community in which it was created.
Art tends to be low on the priority list.
Art then becomes a mediation for such communication.
Art then becomes intentional and as individual as the artist.
Art then exists in the dialectic space created by two conflicting tendencies.
Art then is the becoming and happening of truth.
Art There are several historic art museums in Scotland, notably in Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Art thus becomes a fundamental medium of education, even for academic subjects.
Art tickles the audience with the question without forcing anyone to take sides.
Art ties the generations together.
Art tolerates no division here.
Art touches one's heart, where denial is more difficult.
Art transcends borders.
Art transcends reality.
Art transcends the barriers of language and culture.
Art transforms the workspace.
Art tries to temper the fields of purely convergent formal education.
Art truly shapes culture.
Art turns political Even museums and art galleries are gearing up for the masses.
Art unlocks our innate nature to be happy.
Art unquestionably lies at the core of the human experience.
Art urges voyages . . .
Art urges voyages.
Art Use the crest, to the left, to navigate back to our home page.
Art uses beauty.
Art uses plates that look and above all sound like real plates.
Art uses visual symbols the way language uses words.
Art View a calendar of our Summer performances.
Art View the largest range of Aboriginal art available on the internet today.
Art viewed by a common person is judged by taste and personal background.
Art walks, avant-garde theater, and gardens.
Art wants to move into silence, into the emotional and spiritual conditions of the world.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life .
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Art wears dark blue.
Art Welcome Back.
ART welcomes media or press inquiries.
ART WORK click to have one too.
Art works .
Art works for sale that are hand painted on materials from fallen down Maine barn buildings.
Art works including anime and non anime style drawings.
Art works on the archetype of humanity through the finer sensibilities of man.
Art works to maintain the condition, an artist believes their mission is to enrich life.
ART works very well to correct the adhesions that causes the nerve problems.
Art works, prints and framing.
Art Write a critique of art shows or pieces for a newspaper.
Art's a tough game.
Arts are a major attraction that contributes to tourism, employment, and high quality education.
Arts are a means for creating a collective identity.
Arts are a valuable commodity for the community to have.
Arts are a valuable part of our culture and are often worthy recipients of private support.
Arts are a way for children and young adults to see passion in a positive way.
Arts Are Basic fosters the development of aesthetic education as an important part of learning.
Arts Are Basic teachers returning for a second year attend a one-week summer workshop.
Arts are essential to society as they help to re-create people.
Arts are essential to the complete education of children.
Arts are foods which are good in our lives.
Arts are good for the soul.
Arts are important.
Arts are just an added attraction.
Arts are meaningful expressions of cultures.
Arts are often the first thing to go when the budgets get tight.
Arts are our medium.
Arts are the funnest classes at school.
Arts are the soul of a country.
Arts Ask students to create a newspaper ad for a pizza restaurant.
Art's at the mike.
Arts attract women, whereas men study more sciences.
Arts based, after-school programs are effective in improving academic performance.
Arts breathe life into the culture of a university.
Arts diplomas General studies and liberal arts.
Arts get smart to survive How and why arts are being woven into the academic curriculum.
Arts graduate around two articles for plantain.
Arts have to be a part of that.
Arts Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Arts help to develop reasoning skills.
Arts humanize the learning environment.
Art's in a state, as a result of stress.
Arts is a degree of intrinsic value to the individual and provides a ticket to an exciting career.
Arts is the core of our academic programs.
Arts is the relation categorizationType .
Arts ISIT Click an image below to view the video.
Arts let students completely use their minds so they see and learn more.
Arts magnets schools and private schools are more likely to maintain dance programs.
Arts Make horseshoe crab puppets and other marine animals for the puppet show in the classroom.
Arts offend, educate, elevate, dupe, sensitize, and manipulate publics.
Arts provides communication and research skills that are vocationally essential.
Arts Put together a pineapple using strips of paper, ovals, circles and triangles.
Arts says standard hearing aids are the optimal way to go for the majority of patients.
Arts See event for times.
Arts show an introspection and refinement cultivated in response to harsh political realities.
Art's the same way.
ARTs undergo extensive training to conduct the advisory panel process.
Arts works well with webwatcher .
Art always asks that kind of question.
Art always begins as a labor of love.
Art always finds a way of imitating life.
Art always reflects the culture and the time in which it was created.
Art always reinvents itself.
Art always turns into posturing.
Art often becomes an elective in school.
Art often represents people from the past.
Art often represents the personal perspectives of the artist as well as the artist's culture.
Art often results from the elaboration of otherwise simple utilitarian objects.
Art sometimes has space for nonmajors in introductory classes and in history of art.
Art sometimes makes stranger bedfellows than politics.
Art sometimes portrays complex ideas, thoughts and emotions in simple forms.
Art sometimes reflects the potentialities of life.
Art usually succeeds by enclosure, by excluding the rest of the world.
All art aspires to the condition of music.
All art aspires to the state of music.
All art becomes history as soon as it is made, so it is inevitably part of a tradition.
All art consists in bringing something into existence.
All art constantly aspires to the condition of music.
All art constantly aspires toward the condition of music.
All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music.
All art constatnly aspires towards the condition of music.
All art creates itself.
All art deals with the absurd and aims at the simple.
All art does but consist in the removal of surplusage.
All art featured in our postcard site is used with the permission of each artist.
All art has a physical body.
All art has a relation to commerce.
All art has age limits.
All art has images and prices.
All art has mica throughout the image.
All art has to meet specifications before going to our printers.
All art involves exaggeration, an emphasis and heightening of certain features for dramatic effect.
All art is a choice.
All art is a collaborative effort.
All art is a form of propaganda.
All art is a form of self-expression, but music is perhaps the most universal.
All art is a kind of confession, more or less oblique.
All art is a series of recoveries from the first line.
All art is a sort of hidden autobiography.
All art is about what life feels like.
All art is accepted to the show as equal and displayed as such.
All art is an individual's expression of a culture.
All art is apolitical, except to politicians who try to make it political to suit their own ends.
All art is at once surface and symbol.
All art is autobiographical.
All art is but an imitation of nature.
All art is but imitation of nature .
All art is but imitation of nature.
All art is but immitation of nature.
All art is composed.
All art is considered as long as drawn by adult women.
All art is converted to larger formats.
All art is copyrighted by the artist unless noted and is for viewing purposes only.
All art is copyrighted by the artists and used by permission.
All art is copyrighted by the artists.
All art is copyrighted by their respective artists.
All art is copyrighted.
All art is copywritten and used by permission of the artist.
All art is cowardice.
All art is delivered carefully packaged in heavy cardboard.
All art is delivered via courier carefully packaged in heavy cardboard.
All art is displayed in a first come first serve basis.
All art is enhanced by the space in which it is found.
All art is essentially collage.
All art is experimental, and comes from the deepest reaches of one's psyche.
All art is fiction, after all.
All art is for sale.
All art is framed to museum standards and comes with a certificate of authenticity.
All art is from Dicey's collection of comic books, reprint books, and original art.
All art is guaranteed to be authentic.
All art is illusion, accomplished with stage effects that seem more real than reality.
All art is illusion, and architecture - that's an illusion too.
All art is in final form with color breaking designated.
All art is in good condition unless otherwise noted.
All art is in nature.
All art is in part about other art.
All art is in some fashion escape.
All art is inherently collaborative, because no artist can work in isolation.
All art is inspired by something.
All art is interactive and the sculpture is whatever the viewer wants it to be.
All art is matted and ready for framing.
All art is morality play.
All art is obscene.
All art is original work.
All art is original, no two pieces are exactly alike.
All art is original.
All art is paid upon publication.
All art is political.
All art is printed on acid free, archival, recycled, laminated paper with fade proof inks.
All art is quite useless.
All Art is quite useless.
All art is related.
All art is reviewed by our selection committee.
All art is self-referential, however abstract the allusion.
All art is sent from Moscow, Russia.
All art is serious.
All art is shipped fully insured.
All art is shipped in acid free matt and acid free backing.
All art is simply a visual language that transcends literacy and speaks directly to the heart's eye.
All art is sold framed.
All art is subject to availability and subject to price verification.
All art is submitted by the original artist.
All art is that too.
All art is the accomplice of love.
All art is the property of the respective artists.
All art is the surest road to ruin.
All art is to be submitted as clean photocopies.
All art is trickery, but news and documentary are closer to the Real.
All art is unframed, unless otherwise noted.
All art is unique.
All art is useless.
All art is, to use an ugly phrase, a cultural product.
All art loses in reproduction.
All art made during the residency belongs to the artist.
All art makes choices about emphasis, pattern, and colour.
All art needs energy to grow and develop.
All art offers alternatives.
All art reflects the cultural heritage of the community.
All art show information and the pre-registration form are now available.
All art shown is copyrighted material and is therefore owned by the artist only .
All art sold is original, and all artists are present to represent their work.
All art work the property of the artist.
All arts are for all students.
All arts have it and it only comes after years of study.
All arts have the same basic aim within their teachings.
All arts involve the adaptation of means to ends.
All arts involve the ordering of reality to produce a kind of tareality.
All arts is but imitation of nature.
Any art is difficult.
Any art is like that.
Any art is to some degree teachable.
Every art has a therapeutic effect both on the artist and on the observer.
Every art has an object upon which the art is practiced.
Every art has disciplines.
Every art has strong opinion , and strong response .
Every art is a church without communicants, presided over by a parish of the respectable.
Every art is better than nothing, and none are as good as they think they are.
More art adorns the walls, so make sure to check out all the works on display.
MORE ART Check out the backside artwork as well in highresolution.
More art needs to make it out of the galleries and onto the streets.
Most art allows very little participation.
Most art continues the Late Roman style.
Most art gives illusion.
Most art has expressive quality.
Most art has ideas.
Most art has quality.
Most art is balanced.
Most art is superficial.
Most art made by whites is mediocre.
Most arts actually overlap into many areas, but they also have one or two primary objectives.
Most arts have recognizable styles, like impressionism or transcendentalism.
Much art produced in New Mexico follows the romantic tradition.
Some art causes headaches, and sometimes it works the other way around.
Some art depicts gods.
Some art depicts mass consumption.
Some art features characters.
Some art has power.
Some art has roots.
Some art has sorts.
Some art is about abstract ideas , such as a mathematical sequence or pattern.
Some art is an act of individual expression.
Some art is available, on a limited basis.
Some art is crisp, clean, cerebral and intellectual.
Some art is durable.
Some art is extraordinary and exists in a class by itself.
Some art is for sale, other pictures are just there to enjoy.
Some art is just for the moment.
Some art is personal and is intended for the artist's eyes only.
Some art is really funny.
Some art is small and self-involved.
Some art is useful in a practical sense, such as a sculptured clay bowl that one can put things in.
Some art lends itself to that sort of presentation-dance, for example.
Some art represents views on society and some symbolizes culture.
Some art shows portraits.
Some art uses motion.
Some art uses slow motion.
Some arts are almost brand new.
Some arts are major influences and some have made smaller contributions.
Some arts are very personal and emotionally expressive.
Some arts have a minimum amount of time required to earn rank.
ArtCarved rings feature many great contemporary and traditional styles.
ArtCenter members are professionals and amateurs, hobbiests and students who all enjoy art.
Artchive visitors offer some responses discussing black and white imagery.
Artes sells members' products in a Catholic church, which has been designated an historic landmark.
An artefact is an unit
Artefacts are located in excavation.
Artefacts are located in museums.
Artefacts arise for volumetric indications only due to the missing projection angle problem.
Artefacts build siege engines.
Artefacts can indicate their patent numbers in a variety of ways.
Artefacts come from a number of sources.
Artefacts consist of preserved material and scale models of whales and fishes.
Artefacts constitute a tangible link between past and present.
Artefacts have an associated culture and history and permanence that exists across time and space.
Artefacts have no intrinsic meanings.
Artefacts have to be identified and carefully eliminated.
Artefacts mostly occur in areas where sharp edges and overlapping areas are located.
Artefacts occur especially in the transitions of individual people.
Some artefacts are probably over-represented in the archaeological record.
Some artefacts bear application numbers although the patent was never granted.
An artemisia is a bush
Artemisia grows throughout the midwestern United States, and from Canada deep into Mexico.
Artemisia is a shrub-like perennial that is making new growth at the bottom.
Artemisia is an alliance whose members include groups of doctors, nurses, and various therapists.
Artemisia is believed to create an unfavorable environment for parasites.
Artemisia is dried pulverized and formed into shapes.
Artemisia is slightly more expensive, but it also has some cheap stuff.
Artemisia is used in China, Europe and the United States for it's antiparasitic qualities.
Artemisia lies about being a virgin during a court proceeding.
Artemisia steals a candle from the church.
Artemisia walks by a secluded area on a beach and spots two people having sex in the sand.
Artemisias are plants.
Artemisias are shrubs.
Artemisias are silver-leaved with nondescript flowers.
Artemisias strongly prefer a dry, well-drained soil.
Most artemisias are from the Mediterranean or Europe.
Artemisinin suppositories are ideal for paediatric use or use in remote areas.
Arterial baroreceptors control plasma vasopressin responses to graded hypotension in conscious dogs.
Arterial blood comes out in spurts.
Arterial blood is blood
Arterial blood is blood.
Arterial blood is bright red in color and venous blood has a dull red color.
Arterial blood is bright red or scarlet and usually pulsates if the artery has been cut.
Arterial blood leaves a bird's core at body temperature while venous blood in the feet is cool.
Arterial blood reaching the feet is already cool and venous blood reaching the core is already warm.
Arterial blood works best with no acid at all.
Arterial branches accompany the branching respiratory tree all along the way.
Arterial calcifications have a curvilinear shape.
Arterial clots are usually due to emboli from the heart.
Arterial compliance decreases with advancing age due to changes in elastin and collagen in walls.
Arterial compliance decreases with age.
Arterial disease is associated with smoking and kills more people than cancer does.
Arterial elasticity reflects the ability of the artery to respond to pressure.
Arterial emboli can recur even after successful treatment.
Arterial embolism requires prompt treatment, usually with hospitalization.
Arterial infarcts are pale.
Arterial injury differs in two respects.
Arterial insufficiency is characterized by two types of pain.
Arterial involvement is characteristic of the higher grades of rejection.
Arterial lines are necessary when a pediatric patient is placed on high frequency ventilation.
Arterial mains are distribution mains of large size.
Arterial plaque is composed of many substances including cholesterol and blood platelets.
Arterial plaque is known to be a risk factor for heart disease and stroke.
Arterial plaque is plaque
Arterial pressure causes water and solutes from the blood to filter into the capsule.
Arterial pressure changes with less sensitivity.
Arterial pressure drops.
Arterial pressure is blood pressure
Arterial pressure is blood pressure.
Arterial pumps are the devices that circulate the blood.
Arterial pumps circulate the blood.
Arterial puncture can lead to arterial complications i.e. thrombosis or embolus.
Arterial rupture is the most common cause of sudden death.
Arterial saturation is lower during maximal treadmill running than cycle ergometry.
Arterial spasm leads to cold, mottled, pulseless extremities.
Arterial stiffness is another measure of arterial function.
Arterial streets are state highway roads.
Arterial streets are the most desirable facilities for through traffic.
Arterial thrombosis induces early upregulation of intercellular adhesion molecule in media.
Arterial thrombosis induces early upregulation of intercellular adhesion molecule in the media.
Arterial thrombosis is less common.
Arterial ulcers result from a reduced arterial circulation.
Arterial vasoconstriction increases systemic vascular resistance which raises arterial pressure .
Arterial wall deteriorates until it is weakened sufficiently to produce a bulging appearance.
Arterial walls are able to expand and contract.
Arterial walls become softer and more pliable, allowing easier expansion.
Arterial walls expand and contract with each heartbeat, pumping blood throughout the body.
Arterial worms live in the arteries of white-tailed deer.
Arterial worms pose no threat to humans, and the venison of infected deer is safe for consumption.
Arteriolar constriction serves to maintain blood pressure despite a reduced cardiac output.
An arteriole is an artery
Arterioles also penetrate the cortex to serve a medullary capillary bed.
Arterioles are arteries.
Arterioles are blood vessels that dilate and constrict to regulate blood pressure and blood flow.
Arterioles are just visible to the naked eye.
Arterioles are small arteries that connect larger arteries with capillaries .
Arterioles are small arteries that connect to capillaries .
Arterioles are small arteries, and venules are small veins.
Arterioles are smaller vessels that branch off from the arteries and regulate blood pressure.
Arterioles are smaller vessels that branch off from the arteries.
Arterioles control blood flow by dilating and constricting.
Arterioles eventually become capillaries, which are very thin and branching.
Arterioles have less elastic tissue but have smooth muscle.
Arterioles have thick smooth muscular walls.
Arterioles help to regulate blood flow and arterial pressure.
Arterioles maintain blood pressure.
Arterioles merge into very tiny tubes with thin walls called capillaries .
Arterioles regulate the flow of blood to capillary beds.
Arterioles run through the hypodermis to the base of the epidermis, branching off every so often.
Arterioles serve as control points where adjustments can be made in blood volume distribution.
All arterioles connect to an artery on one end and to capillaries on the other.
Many arterioles show hyaline changes in their walls.
Arteriosclerosis affects many people in developed countries.
Arteriosclerosis affects the elderly most often.
Arteriosclerosis can cause a variety of conditions.
Arteriosclerosis causes gradual destruction of the media with focal weakening of the wall.
Arteriosclerosis Find out about the group of diseases labeled arteriosclerosis.
Arteriosclerosis Hardening of the arteries is caused by calcification.
Arteriosclerosis is a disease which clogs arteries in the human body.
Arteriosclerosis is a general term for the thickening and hardening of arteries.
Arteriosclerosis is a general term for thickening or hardening of the arteries.
Arteriosclerosis is a generic term covering a number of diseases of blood vessels.
Arteriosclerosis is a hardening of the arteries that leads to heart attacks.
Arteriosclerosis is a possible cause in the elderly.
Arteriosclerosis is another cause of dizziness.
Arteriosclerosis is characterized, in part, by a build-up of calcium in the arteries of the heart.
Arteriosclerosis is diseases.
Arteriosclerosis is especially likely to occur in patients with high blood pressure or diabetes.
Arteriosclerosis is illnesses.
Arteriosclerosis is induration
Arteriosclerosis is one of the precursors of hypertension.
Arteriosclerosis is responsible for most of the deaths resulting from heart attacks.
Arteriosclerosis is reversible with lifestyle changes.
Arteriosclerosis is sclerosis.
Arteriosclerosis is the exact same thing as atherosclerosis.
Arteriosclerosis is the general term for hardening of the arteries.
Arteriosclerosis is the general term for thickening and hardening of the arteries.
Arteriosclerosis means hardening of the arteries.
Arteriosclerosis often leads to hypertension .
Arteriovenous malformation is the most significant of the group and is the most likely to bleed.
Arteriovenous malformations vary greatly from person to person.
Artery disease is the main cause of heart attacks.
Artery veins move blood.
Artery walls become thick and lose their ability to stretch.
Artery walls become thicker and lose their elasticity, allowing plaque to collect.
Artery walls have muscles that help to maintain blood pressure and pump blood through the body.
An artery is a blood vessel
Arteries also have to bear the strain and occasionally one ruptures.
Arteries also suffer as over time they become scarred, hardened, and less elastic.
Arteries also suffer the effects of elevated blood pressure.
Arteries appear because arterial blood is warmer than the hand.
Arteries are able to expand after each heartbeat to accommodate increased blood volume.
Arteries are blood vessels that carry blood away from heart.
Arteries are blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the rest of the body.
Arteries are blood vessels that carry oxygen through the body.
Arteries are blood vessels that take blood away from the heart.
Arteries are blood vessels which carry blood away from the heart.
Arteries are blood vessels.
Arteries are elastic vessels that transport blood away from the heart.
Arteries are firm, thick-walled structures, and a distinct pulse can be palpated.
Arteries are large blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart.
Arteries are large, muscular vessels that carry blood away from the heart.
Arteries are like narrow tubes.
Arteries are located in animals.
Arteries are located in bodies.
Arteries are located in hearts.
Arteries are located in mammals.
Arteries are more difficult to compress due to their muscular walls.
Arteries are much better than veins.
Arteries are muscular vessels that carry blood from the heart.
Arteries are part of bodies.
Arteries are round and thick.
Arteries are shown in red, veins blue.
Arteries are the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the rest of the body.
Arteries are the blood vessels that carry blood with oxygen away from the heart and to the muscles .
Arteries are the pipes that carry blood from the heart to the different organs in the body.
Arteries are the tubes which carry blood from the heart to the body's tissues.
Arteries are the vessels that carry blood away from the heart to the different tissues of the body.
Arteries are thicker and have walls that are stronger and more elastic than the walls of veins.
Arteries are thick-walled, flexible, and muscular.
Arteries are too large to service every little cell in the body.
Arteries are tough on the outside and smooth on the inside.
Arteries are vertical and medial and emerge from the hilum.
Arteries are vessels that carry blood away from the heart.
Arteries are vessels which carry blood from the heart to all of the organs and tissues of the body.
Arteries are vessels.
Arteries are within normal limits and there is no vacuolation of arterial smooth muscle cells.
Arteries become cloggedand distorted with age and disease.
Arteries become narrow when there is cholesterol plaque accumulation in the blood stream.
Arteries become narrower andnarrower, much as old water pipes build up scaly mineral deposits.
Arteries branch further and eventually empty into blood sinuses.
Arteries branch off into smaller and smaller tubes.
Arteries bring blood away from the heart.
Arteries bring blood.
Arteries bring oxyegen rich blood from the heart to the entire body.
Arteries bringing blood to the penis get wider , bringing more blood to the penis .
Arteries bringing blood to the penis get wider, bringing more blood to the penis.
Arteries can be plugged or clogged, they can leak or break open, they can be cut or compressed.
Arteries can become blocked or narrowed when certain substances build up in the artery wall.
Arteries can rupture when weak spots on the blood vessel break.
Arteries can rupture when weak spots on the blood vessel wall break.
Arteries carries the blood from the heart to the cells.
Arteries carry blood away from heart, to tissues.
Arteries carry blood away from our heart.
Arteries carry blood away from the heart while veins carry blood back toward the heart.
Arteries carry blood away from the heart, and round the body.
Arteries carry blood away from the heart, while veins carry blood toward the heart.
Arteries carry blood away from the heart.
Arteries carry blood filled with nutrients away from the heart to all parts of the body.
Arteries carry blood from the heart to the udder and carry food and oxygen .
Arteries carry blood rich in oxygen from the heart to the body.
Arteries carry blood to a tissue, veins remove it.
Arteries carry blood under high pressure.
Arteries carry blood.
Arteries carry oxygen to tissues and organs.
Arteries carry oxygenated blood and veins carry deoxygenated blood.
Arteries carry oxygenated blood from the heart to various parts of the body.
Arteries carry oxygenated blood to the capillaries where the oxygen is exchanged for carbon dioxide.
Arteries carry oxygen-rich blood away from the heart .
Arteries carry oxygen-rich blood away from the heart to all of the body's tissues.
Arteries carry oxygen-rich blood from the heart to all areas of the body.
Arteries carry oxygen-rich blood from the heart to all parts of the body.
Arteries carry oxygen-rich blood from the heart to the various parts of the body.
Arteries carry the blood from the heart to different parts of the body.
Arteries carry the full cardiac pressure.
Arteries carry warm blood.
Arteries consist of three distinct layers.
Arteries contain blood.
Arteries contain cholesterol.
Arteries deliver blood.
Arteries dilate and sinuses within the corpus spongium and cavernosum engorge with blood.
Arteries divide into arteries.
Arteries enter the medulla of the ovary at the hilum and spiral their way through to the cortex.
Arteries enter tissue.
Arteries expand and contract with every beat of the heart.
Arteries get smaller as they go away from the heart .
Arteries get smaller as they go away from the heart.
Arteries give rise to arterioles, which give rise to smaller capillaries.
Arteries go away from the heart and veins go toward the heart.
Arteries go to hearts.
Arteries have (part) corpi.
Arteries have a generous supply of smooth muscle.
Arteries have a much thicker layer, and many more elastic fibers as well.
Arteries have a pulse .
Arteries have a pulse.
Arteries have a thick wall that consists of three layers.
Arteries have a. lots of smooth muscle tissue.
Arteries have all three tunica layers and sphincter muscles to regulate blood flow.
Arteries have higher pressure than capillaries, and capillaries have higher pressure than veins.
Arteries have many layers of smooth muscle cells, and the veins have few layers of muscle cells.
Arteries have muscular walls that pump the oxygenated blood away from the heart.
Arteries have muscular walls.
Arteries have thick covering , and are situated deep under the skin .
Arteries have thick covering, and are situated deep under the skin.
Arteries have thick muscular walls.
Arteries have thick walls.
Arteries have thick, muscular walls which can expand and contract.
Arteries have thicker and stronger walls than veins.
Arteries have thicker walls and tend to have narrower lumens.
Arteries have thicker walls than other vessels of the same size.
Arteries have three layers of thick walls.
Arteries have walls.
Arteries lead to hearts.
Arteries lead to lungs.
Arteries leave leave ventricles.
Arteries leave right ventricles.
Arteries leave ventricles.
Arteries look lumpy and are crooked, dilated with stiff, thin or calcified walls.
Arteries originate from abdominal aortas.
Arteries originate from aortas.
Arteries pump blood.
Arteries push blood away from the heart.
Arteries regulate blood pressure.
Arteries route blood from the heart s pumping chambers to the rest of the body.
Arteries run in the same location.
Arteries send blood away from the heart.
Arteries show some medial and intimal thickening.
Arteries sound like a heart beat, since the heart is pumping the blood through the artery.
Arteries supplies blood.
Arteries supply blood under pressure and once severed bleed heavily and are difficult to stop.
Arteries supply blood.
Arteries supply heart muscles.
Arteries supply hearts.
Arteries supply muscles.
Arteries supply penises.
Arteries supplying blood to the feet pass alongside the veins removing blood.
Arteries take blood.
Arteries take oxygenated blood from heart to rest of body, branch to become smaller distally.
Arteries then moves the blood throughout the hole body.
Arteries transport blood from the heart to the body tissues.
Arteries turn into smaller arteries called arterioles.
Arteries undergo active peristalsis as it is.
Arteries used in bypasses remain open longer than veins.
Artery carries blood away from heart, veins carries blood to the heart.
Artery is on the right, vein on the left.
Artery is the precursor of the carotid artery on both sides.
Artery isa body part.
Arteries always carry blood away from the heart.
Arteries always carry oxygenated blood in the adult animal.
Arteries always run over veins.
All arteries carry blood away from the heart.
All arteries carry blood to the heart.
All arteries carry oxygenated blood.
All arteries connect to the aorta at one end and to arterioles on the other.
Most arteries bring blood.
Most arteries carry blood.
Most arteries carry warm blood.
Most arteries contain blood.
Most arteries contain cholesterol.
Most arteries deliver blood.
Most arteries divide into arteries.
Most arteries enter tissue.
Most arteries go to hearts.
Most arteries have muscular walls.
Most arteries have thick walls.
Most arteries have walls.
Most arteries lead to hearts.
Most arteries lead to lungs.
Most arteries leave leave ventricles.
Most arteries leave right ventricles.
Most arteries leave ventricles.
Most arteries originate from abdominal aortas.
Most arteries originate from aortas.
Most arteries pump blood.
Most arteries supplies blood.
Most arteries supply blood.
Most arteries supply heart muscles.
Most arteries supply hearts.
Most arteries supply muscles.
Most arteries supply penises.
Most arteries take blood.
Some arteries carry blood carbon dioxide.
Some arteries carry deoxygenated, and some veins carry oxygenated blood.
Some arteries carry dioxide.
Some arteries divide into capillaries.
Some arteries enter kidneys.
Some arteries have acute angles.
Some arteries have angles.
Some arteries have twist angles.
Some arteries supply appendages.
Some arteries supply endometriums.
Some arteries supply flippers.
Some arteries supply valves.
Artesian bores offer an opportunity to culture brackish water species.
Artesian pumps are ideal for applications in which the pump is positioned above the water level.
Artesian spas are top of the line in energy efficiency too.
Artesian springs are natural water flows to the surface.
Artesian water comes from an aquifer higher than the natural water table.
Artesian water is a certain type of well water.
Artesian water is a phrase found on many bottled water containers and other refreshment products.
Artesian water is confined under pressure, like water in a pipe.
Artesian water is pushed out through the straw.
Artesian water is usually desirable for drinking.
Artesian water is water that flows up naturally through a bore hole.
Artesian water is water that is pumped from an artesian well.
An artesian well is a well
Artesian wells are common in some parts of the country, especially in the midwestern states.
Artesian wells are natural formations in which water can flow upward because of pressure on it.
Artesian wells are wells.
Artesian wells penetrate into ground water having confining layers above and below the aquifer.
Some artesian wells are under sufficient pressure to produce a fountainlike flow or spring.
Artesian women take second through fifth place.
Artful blooms adorn an elegant sheath.
Artful carving is the result of experience, knowledge, and good equipment.
Artful deceit is a poor substitute for integrity.
Artful lighting can make all the difference.
Artful pleadings can obscure information.
Artful space sets a distinctive tone for all sorts of gatherings.
Artful teachers are creative in the ways they expand learning.
Artful teaching lies in liberating the gifts that students and professors bring to the classroom.
Artherosclerotic plaques consist of many substances including fibrin, cholesterol, and calcium.
Arthmetic sections allow the computer to perform multiplication and related tasks.
Arthritic animals undergo needless discomfort when carrying extra fat around.
Most arthritic animals feel good about life and enjoy being petted and fed.
Arthritic bone spurs and inflamed joints can cause nerve irritation and leg pain.
Arthritic changes can make positioning and intubation difficult.
Arthritic conditions can cause soft tissue inflammation.
Arthritic conditions share common symptoms but respond differently therapy.
All arthritic conditions are painful but gout can be agony.
Arthritic drugs are the third most frequent kinds of women's prescriptions in Ontario.
Arthritic elbows are often stiff.
Arthritic fingers are more nimble if they are exercised.
Arthritic feet can result in loss of mobility and independence.
Arthritic inflammation is produced by hormone-like compounds called prostaglandins.
Arthritic joints respond favorably to applications of external heat.
Arthritic pain is the most common problem that comes to mind.
Arthritic pains lessen as joints become more supple and moveable.
Arthritic patients report relief from pain, suffering, reduced swelling and inflammation.
Many arthritic people find standard locks and keys too small to handle.
Arthritic persons are commonly deficient in sulfur.
All arthritic process liberates the so-called free radicals, toxic substances that erode the tissue.
Most arthritic symptoms occur in the knees, hips, ankles and fingers.
Arthritic users attest to great relief in both pain and stiffness.
An arthritic is a patient
Arthritics require additional time to warm up their joints.
Some arthritics go on to use canes, walkers, back braces, finger splints, hand and knee protectors.
Arthritis symptoms respond to treatments.
Arthritis affects mainly older people.
Arthritis affects more women than men.
Arthritis affects only the wrist, ankle and knee joints.
Arthritis affects people in different ways.
Arthritis affects the student's joints.
Arthritis affects the the structure and function of connective tissue and joints.
Arthritis afflicts a growing number of the population.
Arthritis also is sometimes scary.
Arthritis can affect any one at any age at any time.
Arthritis can affect children as well as adults.
Arthritis can affect the physical, psychological, social and intellectual development of a child.
Arthritis can affect young people as well.
Arthritis can afflict any joint.
Arthritis can also cause neck pain.
Arthritis can also develop as a result of an infection.
Arthritis can also lead to many different forefoot deformities, including hammer toes.
Arthritis can also lead to many forefoot deformities, including mallet toes.
Arthritis can also produce a progessive deformity in the knee with bowing or turning in of the knee.
Arthritis can also produce a progessive loss of use of the arm due to pain and contracture.
Arthritis can appear in young pets, but is most common in the middle age and geriatric pets.
Arthritis can appear suddenly or come on gradually.
Arthritis can attack joints, joint capsules, the surrounding tissue, or throughout the body.
Arthritis can be an affliction in many older dogs.
Arthritis can be devastating.
Arthritis can be mild for some people, only slightly affecting their activities.
Arthritis can be one of the most common causes.
Arthritis can be part of a congenital autoimmune disease syndrome, of undetermined origin.
Arthritis can be short-term or chronic.
Arthritis can bring anything from slight tightness to severe pain and lasting disability.
Arthritis can cause neck pain.
Arthritis can cause pain, stiffness and swelling in joints and other connective tissues.
Arthritis can cause permanent crippling, non-reversible effects.
Arthritis can cause silent degenerative joint damage for years without pain.
Arthritis can cause similar pain.
Arthritis can come from many sources.
Arthritis can develop in that finger later in life.
Arthritis can have a distinct impact on a persons work capabilities.
Arthritis can have a huge financial impact.
Arthritis can lead to loss of function in joints and muscles.
Arthritis can make intercourse difficult.
Arthritis can make lovemaking more difficult.
Arthritis can make moving the knee joint very painful.
Arthritis can occur in any joint, including the neck, shoulders, spine, hips, and even the paws.
Arthritis can occur in males and females of all ages.
Arthritis can occur in older cats, especially in cats who injured joints earlier in their life.
Arthritis can occur in older patients.
Arthritis can produce pain, loss of movement, and inflammation in the joints.
Arthritis can result from injury.
Arthritis can result from traumatic events such as fractures or injuries to the ligaments.
Arthritis can result in pain, loss of motion and limited ability to walk.
Arthritis can set in rapidly and cause many permanant health problems.
Arthritis can strike any age group, even children.
Arthritis can strike the spine, inhibiting movement.
Arthritis causes damage in and around the surfaces of a joint.
Arthritis causes joint pain and stiffness, making it hard to sleep.
Arthritis causes joints to become stiff and sometimes inflamed.
Arthritis causes pain and loss of movement, affecting joints in any part of the body.
Arthritis causes pain and loss of movement.
Arthritis causes pain, stiffness and sometimes swelling in or around joints.
Arthritis causes pain, stiffness, a decrease in mobility, and activity limitations.
Arthritis causes pain, stiffness, and in some cases swelling in or around the joints.
Arthritis causes pain, stiffness, and swelling in or around joints.
Arthritis causes pain.
Arthritis causes severe pain.
Arthritis causes severe symptoms.
Arthritis causes stiffness, swelling, soreness, or pain.
Arthritis causes symptoms.
Arthritis comes with many different faces.
Arthritis commonly occurs in the finger joints, base of the big toe, hips, knees, and spine.
Arthritis consists of much more than just minor aches and pains.
Arthritis consists of only minor aches and pains.
Arthritis contains the prefix arth and the suffix itis.
Arthritis costs the U.S. economy per year in medical care and lost wages.
Arthritis develops as matrix proteins in the cartilage tissue break down.
Arthritis disables more people than stroke and heart disease.
Arthritis happens when joints become painful and swollen.
Arthritis has (part) inflammation.
Arthritis has few externally observable symptoms, especially in early stages.
Arthritis has no age barrier.
Arthritis involves the wearing away of the surface of a joint.
Arthritis involving the large joints is also common.
Arthritis is a broad term covering many types of joint ailments.
Arthritis is a broad term for a number of conditions that destroy the workings of a normal joint.
Arthritis is a catagory disease.
Arthritis is a chronic condition requiring a life-long use of daily medication.
Arthritis is a chronic disease characterized by periods of flares and remissions.
Arthritis is a chronic illness that causes joint pain, inflammation of the joints, and fever.
Arthritis is a chronic illness that causes joint pain, inflammation or redness of joints, and fever.
Arthritis is a common malady among domestic animals.
Arthritis is a common part of scleroderma.
Arthritis is a common term meaning inflammation of a joint.
Arthritis is a condition in which an animal's joints become inflamed.
Arthritis is a condition that causes pain and stiffness of one or more joints.
Arthritis is a condition that causes pain and stiffness of the joints.
Arthritis is a condition which is caused by accumulation of ama and aggravation of vata .
Arthritis is a condition which is caused by accumulation of ama and aggravation of vata.
Arthritis is a crippling disease that affects people of ALL ages.
Arthritis is a debilitating disease that can leave a person wheelchair bound or bed ridden.
Arthritis is a degenerative joint disease that affects horses by causing lameness.
Arthritis is a disease caused by poor circulation.
Arthritis is a disease of the elderly.
Arthritis is a disease of the joints .
Arthritis is a disease that affects the joints.
Arthritis is a disease that can affect one or more joints in our bodies.
Arthritis is a disease that leads to immobility of the joints.
Arthritis is a disorder of the joints, the junctions between bones.
Arthritis is a disorder of the joints.
Arthritis is a frequent and major complication of infection with Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto.
Arthritis is a general term for many rheumatological diseases.
Arthritis is a general term meaning joint inflammation.
Arthritis is a general term that describes inflammation in joints.
Arthritis is a general term that describes inflammation in the joints.
Arthritis is a general term that refers to the degeneration or inflammation of a joint.
Arthritis is a given in most dogs, and can be severe in some large breeds.
Arthritis is a gradual wearing down of the smooth gliding surfaces of the knee joint.
Arthritis is a horrible condition.
Arthritis is a leading cause of disability, and a significant public health concern.
Arthritis is a leading cause of disability.
Arthritis is a major cause of foot pain.
Arthritis is a major late manifestation of the illness.
Arthritis is a natural condition that affects the surface coating of bones in our joints.
Arthritis is a painful and often life-altering disease.
Arthritis is a painful and sometimes debilitating disease that has no cure.
Arthritis is a painful disorder that causes inflammation in the joints.
Arthritis is a painful swelling of the joints between bones.
Arthritis is a prime example.
Arthritis is a serious disease that causes pain and loss of movement.
Arthritis is a serious problem in many mature dogs.
Arthritis is a significant problem for the individual and society.
Arthritis is a systemic disease which affects the whole body.
Arthritis is a very general term that simply means that a joint is inflamed.
Arthritis is a very serious disease and if left untreated, it can even be life threatening.
Arthritis is a very touchy subject and one which has long baffled medical authorities.
Arthritis is a virus that actually feeds off our own immune systems.
Arthritis is a whole class of illnesses that comes in more than a hundred varieties.
Arthritis is actually a symptom whose name means inflammation of the joints.
Arthritis is also a possibility.
Arthritis is also a significant drain on the health care system and the overall economy.
Arthritis is also an auto immune disorder.
Arthritis is also the most common cause of long-term disability in Canada.
Arthritis is an ailment often dealt with best at home.
Arthritis is an auto immune disease that mostly affects the joints.
Arthritis is an autoimmune disease.
Arthritis is an inflammation and swelling of the joints which can be caused by a number of diseases.
Arthritis is an inflammation of a joint.
Arthritis is an inflammation of the joints that is characterized by swelling, heat, and pain .
Arthritis is an inflammatory disease
Arthritis is an old person's disease.
Arthritis is another common malady of old age.
Arthritis is another common outcome, along with the inability to move normally.
Arthritis is another condition most old dogs suffer from.
Arthritis is another potential consequence of oxalate accumulation.
Arthritis is categorized as either acute or chronic.
Arthritis is caused by a metabolic disorder in the body.
Arthritis is caused by a poor diet.
Arthritis is caused by deterioration of the joint cartilage that lines the ends of the bones.
Arthritis is caused by many different conditions.
Arthritis is caused by the destruction of cartilage.
Arthritis is caused by the erosion of cartilage.
Arthritis is characterised by four major observable changes in the joints.
Arthritis is characterized by a mix of good days and bad days.
Arthritis is characterized by pain and stiffening of the joints.
Arthritis is chronic conditions.
Arthritis is defined as an inflammation of a joint.
Arthritis is defined as swelling or painful loss of motion in one or more joints.
Arthritis is definitely diagnostically significant in diagnosing lupus.
Arthritis is diseases.
Arthritis is due to a weakened immune system.
Arthritis is due to joint inflammation.
Arthritis is expensive.
Arthritis is illnesses.
Arthritis is in fact a far more complex disease than is generally known.
Arthritis is induced by a cold, wet climate.
Arthritis is inflammation of a joint - the point where two or more bones meet.
Arthritis is inflammation of a joint or joints in the body.
Arthritis is inflammation of a joint.
Arthritis is inflammation of one or more joints and is common in all sucking, growing pigs and sows.
Arthritis is inflammation of the joints resulting in pain and swelling.
Arthritis is inflammation of the joints.
Arthritis is inflammatory diseases.
Arthritis is joint inflammation and commonly occurs at the base of the thumb.
Arthritis is joint inflammation.
Arthritis is manageable by a variety of natural and conventional treatments.
Arthritis is manageable with proper care, caution and prevention.
Arthritis is marked by damage to cartilage, the tough, slippery material that cushions joints.
Arthritis is more common among women than men.
Arthritis is more common in dairy farmers than non-farm controls.
Arthritis is more common in older people .
Arthritis is more common in older people.
Arthritis is more prevalent in women than men.
Arthritis is naturally progressive and worsens with age.
Arthritis is neither hopeless nor inevitable.
Arthritis is no excuse.
Arthritis is often a disease that is a lifetime diagnosis.
Arthritis is often a lifelong condition requiring long-term treatment.
Arthritis is often present, and can be mild to severe.
Arthritis is on the rise because of the aging baby boomers.
Arthritis is on the rise.
Arthritis is one chronic syndrome that can benefit from exercise.
Arthritis is one of the major causes for many lost work days and it can be a serious disability.
Arthritis is one of the most common ailments of the skeletal system in elderly people.
Arthritis is one of the most common chronic conditions.
Arthritis is one of the most common human health problems.
Arthritis is one of the most common medical problems in the world.
Arthritis is one of the most common of all disabling diseases.
Arthritis is one of the most common reasons given for limiting physical activity.
Arthritis is one of the most common reasons people give for limiting physical activity.
Arthritis is one of the most common reasons people give for limiting physican activity.
Arthritis is one such ailment that can cause pain resulting in changes in behavior.
Arthritis is one such condition.
Arthritis is physical, but it also exacts a mental, emotional and economic toll.
Arthritis is possible in shoulders and elbows, but uncommon.
Arthritis is produced in the rats by injecting a special heat-killed bacteria.
Arthritis is projected to remain the most prevalent chronic condition in women.
Arthritis is reported in about three fourths of cases.
Arthritis is second only to heart disease as a cause of work disability.
Arthritis is seen as a localised swelling, occasionally with radiodense exostoses or deformities.
Arthritis is the biggest cause of physical disability in Britain today.
Arthritis is the inflammation caused by something else.
Arthritis is the inflammation of a joint.
Arthritis is the inflammation one or more joints.
Arthritis is the leading cause of disability in America.
Arthritis is the leading cause of disability in the state affecting about one in three adults.
Arthritis is the leading cause of disability in the United States.
Arthritis is the leading cause of long-term disability in the United States.
Arthritis is the leading chronic condition reported by the elderly.
Arthritis is the long term consequence of hip joint looseness.
Arthritis is the long term consequence of undetected or untreated hip dysplasia.
Arthritis is the main joint disease.
Arthritis is the major cause of physical disability in the world.
Arthritis is the most common cause of front lameness in dogs and the culprit is the elbow.
Arthritis is the most common cause of joint degeneration.
Arthritis is the most common cause of the breakdown of hip tissue.
Arthritis is the most common chronic condition reported by men and, especially, women.
Arthritis is the most common extraintestinal manifestation of ulcerative colitis.
Arthritis is the most common reason for hip replacement surgery.
Arthritis is the most popular disease to be treated by bee stings.
Arthritis is the name for irritation in a joint , which often becomes swollen, painful, and stiff.
Arthritis is the number one cause of disability in America.
Arthritis is the number one cause of disability in Hawai'i and the nation.
Arthritis is the number one cause of disability in the nation.
Arthritis is the number one cause of disability.
Arthritis is the number one cause of severe pain and disability that limits physical activity.
Arthritis is the number one crippler in America.
Arthritis is the number one crippler of all age groups.
Arthritis is the number one debilitating disease in Missouri.
Arthritis is the painful and irreversible deterioration of the ends of the two bones.
Arthritis is the perfect complement to western medical treatments.
Arthritis is the second most frequently reported chronic condition.
Arthritis is the term doctors use when there is swelling and pain in a joint.
Arthritis is the term used to describe inflammation and swelling of the tissues in a joint.
Arthritis is the word used to describe a painful joint or joints.
Arthritis is thought to be an allergic reaction amongst many other things.
Arthritis is treatable and manageable if it is detected early enough.
Arthritis IS treatable.
Arthritis is treated with anti-inflammatory drugs.
Arthritis is usually an old peoples disease, there is no known cure.
Arthritis is usually chronic, meaning it can last for years.
Arthritis is usually chronic, meaning it can occur over a long period of time.
Arthritis is usually chronic.
Arthritis is what happens when the tissue that protects the bones wears away.
Arthritis isa disease.
Arthritis limits the mobility of farmers and ranchers during many farm tasks.
Arthritis mainly affects adults, but some children have it too.
Arthritis makes living extremely difficult for some people.
Arthritis means disease of, or damage to, the joint surfaces.
Arthritis means inflammation of a joint.
Arthritis means inflammation of the joints.
Arthritis means joint inflammation.
Arthritis means joint swelling, pain, and loss of motion.
Arthritis means that a person's joints and muscles hurt.
Arthritis normally comes from joints that develop out of position.
Arthritis occurs commonly during active meningococcal infection.
Arthritis occurs in every climate and every continent inhabited by humans.
Arthritis occurs in the spine or legs of some geriatric cats.
Arthritis occurs more than half of the time in the fingers, wrists, shoulders, knees, and ankles.
Arthritis only strikes the elderly.
Arthritis poses a three- to fourfold increased risk of diminished work productivity.
Arthritis refers to joint inflammation, nothing more, nothing less.
Arthritis responds to analgesics and rest.
Arthritis seems to be about as common in older dogs as it is in aging humans .
Arthritis simply means joint inflammation.
Arthritis spreads to joints.
Arthritis stop suffering, start moving .
Arthritis tends to appear after epiphyseal plates are ossified.
Arthritis tends to worsen in cold, damp weather.
Arthritis frequently affects older pigs.
Arthritis often appears in the big toe.
Arthritis often shows up in poor coordination in writing.
Arthritis sometimes has fatigue associated with it.
Arthritis usually affects the hands especially the second and third metacarpophlangeal joints.
Arthritis usually causes stiffness, pain and fatigue.
Arthritis usually causes stiffness, pain, and fatigue.
Most arthritis causes pain.
Most arthritis causes severe pain.
Most arthritis causes severe symptoms.
Most arthritis causes symptoms.
Most arthritis disappears within several days to weeks with resolution of the viral illness.
Most arthritis responds very well to simple forms of treatment.
Most arthritis spreads to joints.
Some arthritis has positive tests.
Some arthritis has tests.
Some arthritis occurs in lambs.
Some arthritis occurs in presence.
Arthrobotrys species are common in soil and decaying plant debris.
An arthrodesis is an operation
Arthrodesis is shown to relieve pain, but carries a risk for complications.
Arthrodesis maintains stability and weightbearing of the first ray.
Arthrodesis refers to surgery performed on the great toe joint where the joint is fused.
Arthrographic contrast is very easy to use and is well tolerated.
Arthropod exoskeletons are made of cuticle , a non-cellular material secreted by the epidermis .
Arthropod exoskeletons consist of layers.
Most arthropod exoskeletons consist of layers.
Arthropod legs have more than one section and the legs bend where the sections meet.
Some arthropod limbs have mechanisms.
Some arthropod pests develop resistance.
An arthropod is an invertebrate
Arthropod isa animal.
Arthropod isa beast.
Arthropod isa creature.
Arthropods absorb oxygen.
Arthropods also have a skeleton but it is on the outside of their bodies.
Arthropods also have a very complex internal system.
Arthropods also have compound eyes.
Arthropods are a      source of food for many animals, including humans.
Arthropods are a group of animals that includes insects and arachnids.
Arthropods are a group of animals with jointed legs and a hard exterior skeleton.
Arthropods are a group of organisms that include insects, ticks and spiders.
Arthropods are a huge and diverse group with a long history.
Arthropods are a lot more than just delicious feasts and disgusting pests.
Arthropods are a major part of the oceanic food chain.
Arthropods are abundant in terrestrial, marine, and freshwater aquatic habitats.
Arthropods are an important group of invertebrates.
Arthropods are an important source of protein especially for young creatures.
Arthropods are animals like insects, arachnids, and crustaceans.
Arthropods are animals with an exoskeleton, such as insects, crustaceans, and arachnids.
Arthropods are animals with external skeletons and jointed legs.
Arthropods are animals, so they go in Kingdom Animalia.
Arthropods are animals.
Arthropods are another important and conspicuous part of the soil community.
Arthropods are apparently the most diverse of the Cambrian animal groups.
Arthropods are bilaterally symmetrical protostomes with strongly segmented bodies.
Arthropods are both harmful and helpful to humans.
Arthropods are bugs with jointed legs.
Arthropods are characterized by a stiff exoskeleton, segmented bodies, and jointed appendages.
Arthropods are classified based on the number and structure of body segments and appendages.
Arthropods are coelomate and their circulatory system is open.
Arthropods are cold-blooded insects.arthropods are cold blooded.
Arthropods are covered with a tough, resilient integument or exoskeleton of chitin .
Arthropods are creatures, which in life have an exoskeleton also called a carapace- or shell.
Arthropods are decomposers also found in grasslands.
Arthropods are direct herbivores and terrestrial vertebrate carnivores are consuming insects.
Arthropods are divided into five sub-phyla.
Arthropods are highly diverse.
Arthropods are important in early summer, especially to chicks.
Arthropods are insects and arachnids, including spiders, ants, ticks, beetles, flies, scorpions .
Arthropods are invertebrate animals having an exoskeleton, a segmented body, and jointed appendages.
Arthropods are invertebrate animals such as crustaceans.
Arthropods are invertebrate animals with several pairs of joined legs.
Arthropods are invertebrates.
Arthropods are known to regenerate appendages following loss or autotomy .
Arthropods are located in islands.
Arthropods are made up of four groups of living animals and one group of extinct animals.
Arthropods are mainly terrestrial, but aquatic representatives are well known.
Arthropods are more numerous and varied than any other animal group.
Arthropods are named for their jointed appendages.
Arthropods are of ecological importance because of their sheer numbers and extreme diversity.
Arthropods are only one group of invertebrate animals.
Arthropods are represented in every habitat on Earth and show a great variety of adaptations.
Arthropods are segmented and possess a true coelom.
Arthropods are segmented invertebrates which have articulated exoskeletons.
Arthropods are some of the world most popular seafood including lobster, crab, and shrimp.
Arthropods are supposed to be closely related to Annelids.
Arthropods are the first group of organisms to fly.
Arthropods are the largest and most diverse of all animal groups.
Arthropods are the largest group of animals.
Arthropods are the largest phylum in the animal kingdom.
Arthropods are the main prey.
Arthropods are the most abundant animals on earth.
Arthropods are the natural vectors of the tick-bome encephalitis complex agents.
Arthropods are the natural vectors of the tick-borne encephalitis complex agents.
Arthropods are transformers.
Arthropods are true coelomate animals and exhibit prostostomic development.
Arthropods are unique among animals in having a hard exoskeleton made of chitin.
Arthropods are usually small.
Arthropods are very diverse, and therefore can locomote in a wide variety of ways.
Arthropods begin as eggs and can follow several different life cycles, depending on the group.
Arthropods belong in the kingdom, Animalia.
Arthropods belong to the same family as modern insects.
Arthropods can excrete bodily waste through different ways.
Arthropods can spread disease to humans when the arthropods A. feed on the humans.
Arthropods can walk, crawl, climb, fly, swim, and almost every possible type of moving.
Arthropods carry genes.
Arthropods cause damage.
Arthropods constitute three-fourth of the animal kingdom and inhabit a variety of habitats.
Arthropods consume dominant organisms.
Arthropods consume food.
Arthropods consume organisms.
Arthropods consume solid food.
Arthropods contain an exoskeleton made of chitin.
Arthropods contain jointed appendages.
Arthropods contain the largest number of species of any animal phylum.
Arthropods contain well developed sense organs.
Arthropods display syncytial specification.
Arthropods do everything with legs or modified legs.
Arthropods eat fungi.
Arthropods eat plants.
Arthropods eat soil fungi.
Arthropods endemic to Florida scrub.
Arthropods expend energy.
Arthropods form the bulk of both faunas, both numerically and taxonomically.
Arthropods form the current focus for work relating the processes of development and evolution.
Arthropods generally grow by molting their exoskeletons in a process called ecdysis.
Arthropods go a long way back in human history and human imagination.
Arthropods go through juvenile stages.
Arthropods go through life stages.
Arthropods go through similar life stages.
Arthropods go through stages.
Arthropods gulp air.
Arthropods has-part exoskeletons.
Arthropods has-part extremities.
Arthropods has-part limbs.
Arthropods has-part muscles.
Arthropods have (part) brains.
Arthropods have (part) carapaces.
Arthropods have (part) cell membranes.
Arthropods have (part) cells.
Arthropods have (part) corpi.
Arthropods have (part) cytoplasm.
Arthropods have (part) ears.
Arthropods have (part) faces.
Arthropods have (part) heads.
Arthropods have (part) nuclei.
Arthropods have (part) plasma membranes.
Arthropods have (part) sections.
Arthropods have (part) shells.
Arthropods have (part) skulls.
Arthropods have (part) thoraxes.
Arthropods have (part) vacuoles.
Arthropods have a bilaterally symmetrical body, usually consisting of a head, thorax, and abdomen.
Arthropods have a complete digestive system, complex organ systems, and sophisticated behaviors.
Arthropods have a excretory system that they use and get rid of wastes through their anus.
Arthropods have a hard body covering called and exoskeleton that is made of chitin.
Arthropods have a hard exoskeleton, a segmented body, and jointed legs.
Arthropods have a hard, jointed outer covering called an exoskeleton.
Arthropods have a nervous system that looks a bit like a ladder.
Arthropods have a segmented and bilaterally symmetrical body.
Arthropods have a segmented body, a tough exoskeleton, and jointed appendages.
Arthropods have a significant impact on people in several ways.
Arthropods have a variety of organs specialized in gas exchange.
Arthropods have a wide variety of respiratory systems.
Arthropods have ability.
Arthropods have an external shell made of chitin, a chitinous exoskeleton.
Arthropods have an open circulatory system, and separate sexes.
Arthropods have an open circulatory system.
Arthropods have bodies that are internally and externally segmented.
Arthropods have chew mouthparts.
Arthropods have compound eyes.
Arthropods have diferences, too.
Arthropods have excretory structures.
Arthropods have exoskeletons made of chitin .
Arthropods have exoskeletons, jointed appendages, a segmented body, and an open circulatory system.
Arthropods have exoskeletons.
Arthropods have eyes.
Arthropods have hard exoskeletons.
Arthropods have heads.
Arthropods have in common an exoskeleton and a ventrally located nervous system.
Arthropods have legs.
Arthropods have limitations.
Arthropods have many adaptations that allow it to survive in their environment .
Arthropods have mouthparts.
Arthropods have one big bone on the outside of their bodies.
Arthropods have open circulatory systems , although most have a few short, open-ended arteries .
Arthropods have open systems.
Arthropods have organs.
Arthropods have rigid exoskeletons.
Arthropods have segmentation.
Arthropods have serious limitations.
Arthropods have sex.
Arthropods have size limitations.
Arthropods have specialized cells in the green gland that are ameboid and aid in digestion.
Arthropods have structures.
Arthropods have tough exoskeletons.
Arthropods have what is called an open circulatory system.
Arthropods hunt for food.
Arthropods include insects.
Arthropods include millipedes.
Arthropods include wingless insects.
Arthropods includes insects, arachnids, and crustaceans.
Arthropods includes spiders, scorpions, lobsters, and insects.
Arthropods inhabit almost all habitats.
Arthropods invade environments.
Arthropods invade freshwater environments.
Arthropods live in areas.
Arthropods live in earth.
Arthropods live in web.
Arthropods live on the land and in the sea.
Arthropods molt or shed their exoskeleton and replace it with a bigger one.
Arthropods molt, have heads with many sensory organs.
Arthropods move using well-developed groups of muscles that are coordinated by the nervous system.
Arthropods need oxygen.
Arthropods occupy an enormous variety of Earth's habitats.
Arthropods occur in all environments and situations.
Arthropods perform functions.
Arthropods possess a rigid cuticular exoskeleton consisting mainly of tanned proteins and chitin.
Arthropods possess a semi-closed circulatory system.
Arthropods possess an open circulatory system.
Arthropods possess antennas.
Arthropods possess bodies.
Arthropods possess exoskeletons.
Arthropods possess eyes.
Arthropods possess genes.
Arthropods possess hard exoskeletons.
Arthropods range in size from microscopic to several inches in length.
Arthropods rely on eyes.
Arthropods rely on reproduction.
Arthropods rely on sexual reproduction.
Arthropods represent a wide variety of soil dwelling insects, spiders and mites.
Arthropods require high moisture.
Arthropods require moisture.
Arthropods require oxygen.
Arthropods share certain characteristics.
Arthropods share characteristics.
Arthropods shed entire exoskeletons.
Arthropods shed exoskeletons.
Arthropods show a large degree of variation in segmental and limb patterning.
Arthropods transmit many communicable diseases.
Arthropods undergo changes as they grown and mature through a process known as metamorphosis.
Arthropods walking in phase move the same leg on each side of the body at the same time.
Arthropods weigh little so they show few specialized climbing adaptations.
Arthropods often go unnoticed, yet their role in virtually every ecosystem on earth is critical.
All arthropods are invertebrate animals, without backbones.
All arthropods exhibit the following characteristics.
All arthropods have a hard exoskeleton made of chiton, a type of protein.
All arthropods have all the internal organs essential to any complex animal.
All arthropods have an exoskeleton made of chitin which offers support and protection.
All arthropods have an exoskeleton made of chiton, and they all have jointed appendages.
All arthropods have an open circulatory system .
All arthropods have one thing that is the same.
All arthropods have several pairs of jointed legs and a hard outside covering or exoskeleton.
All arthropods have several pairs of jointed legs and a hard outside covering, or exoskeleton.
All Arthropods have their skeleton on the outside of their body and it also serves as their skin.
All arthropods including houseflies and mosquitoes have compound eyes.
All arthropods undergo periodic molting to grow out of the confines of their rigid exoskeleton.
Many arthropods are beneficial to man.
Many arthropods are capable of carrying disease.
Many arthropods exhibit parental care to ensure their young survives.
Many arthropods go through metamorphosis or physical changes.
Many arthropods have appendages on each , or most , of their segments .
Many arthropods have appendages on each, or most, of their segments.
Many arthropods have compound eyes.
Many arthropods have intimate relationships with plants.
Many arthropods overcome the harsh conditions of winter in a hibernation-like state called diapause.
Many arthropods rub specialized body parts together to produce sound.
Many arthropods serve as intermediate hosts for various parasitic helminth organisms.
Many arthropods tell lies to other arthropods.
Most arthropods absorb oxygen.
Most arthropods are benthos or bottom dwelling organisms.
Most arthropods are located in islands.
Most arthropods are small because the rigid exoskeleton imposes limitations on size.
Most arthropods are very non-caring parents.
Most arthropods carry genes.
Most arthropods cause damage.
Most arthropods consume dominant organisms.
Most arthropods consume food.
Most arthropods consume organisms.
Most arthropods consume solid food.
Most arthropods eat fungi.
Most arthropods eat plants.
Most arthropods eat soil fungi.
Most arthropods expend energy.
Most arthropods go through juvenile stages.
Most arthropods go through life stages.
Most arthropods go through similar life stages.
Most arthropods go through stages.
Most arthropods has-part exoskeletons.
Most arthropods has-part extremities.
Most arthropods has-part limbs.
Most arthropods has-part muscles.
Most arthropods have ability.
Most arthropods have antennae and compound eyes.
Most arthropods have chew mouthparts.
Most arthropods have compound eyes composed of many individual lenses.
Most arthropods have compound eyes that allow for very good vision of movement.
Most arthropods have compound eyes.
Most arthropods have excretory structures.
Most arthropods have exoskeletons.
Most arthropods have eyes, which can be either simple or multi-faceted compound eyes.
Most arthropods have eyes.
Most arthropods have hard exoskeletons.
Most arthropods have heads.
Most arthropods have legs.
Most arthropods have limitations.
Most arthropods have male and females.
Most arthropods have mouthparts.
Most arthropods have organs.
Most arthropods have rigid exoskeletons.
Most arthropods have segmentation.
Most arthropods have separate sexes.
Most arthropods have serious limitations.
Most arthropods have sex.
Most arthropods have size limitations.
Most arthropods have structures.
Most arthropods have tough exoskeletons.
Most arthropods invade environments.
Most arthropods invade freshwater environments.
Most arthropods live in areas.
Most arthropods live in earth.
Most arthropods live in web.
Most arthropods perform functions.
Most arthropods possess antennas.
Most arthropods possess bodies.
Most arthropods possess exoskeletons.
Most arthropods possess eyes.
Most arthropods possess genes.
Most arthropods possess hard exoskeletons.
Most arthropods rely on eyes.
Most arthropods rely on reproduction.
Most arthropods rely on sexual reproduction.
Most arthropods require high moisture.
Most arthropods require moisture.
Most arthropods require oxygen.
Most arthropods share certain characteristics.
Most arthropods share characteristics.
Most arthropods shed entire exoskeletons.
Most arthropods shed exoskeletons.
MOst arthropods use either the shorter or rear appendages for moving in both sea and land.
Some arthropods adapt to conditions.
Some arthropods are bees, crabs, shrimp, spiders, beetles and millipedes.
Some arthropods are seen as pests, but they can also be highly beneficial to the wider environment.
Some arthropods are terrestrial.
Some arthropods breathe use gills.
Some arthropods capture prey.
Some arthropods die of dehydration.
Some arthropods eat insects.
Some arthropods eat scorpions.
Some arthropods eat soil fungi and bacteria.
Some arthropods excrete waste.
Some arthropods exhibit cleavages.
Some arthropods exhibit superficial cleavages.
Some arthropods exist within both realms and none as much so as spiders.
Some arthropods fall into streams.
Some arthropods gain advantage.
Some arthropods gain great advantage.
Some arthropods graze on bacteria.
Some arthropods has-part bones.
Some arthropods has-part gills.
Some arthropods has-part legs.
Some arthropods has-part lungs.
Some arthropods has-part wings.
Some arthropods have a different phase that looks totally different than the adult.
Some arthropods have calcium in addition to chitin in their exoskeleton for extra strength.
Some arthropods have carapaces.
Some arthropods have color vision.
Some arthropods have cuticles.
Some arthropods have dome carapaces.
Some arthropods have gills.
Some arthropods have insects.
Some arthropods have lenses.
Some arthropods have methods.
Some arthropods have outer cuticles.
Some arthropods have sides.
Some arthropods have tails.
Some arthropods have tough cuticles.
Some arthropods have tubules.
Some arthropods have vision.
Some arthropods have wings.
Some arthropods hide in nooks.
Some arthropods inhabit beaches.
Some arthropods inhabit mediterranean beaches.
Some arthropods inhabit sandy beaches.
Some arthropods invade areas.
Some arthropods live in Canada.
Some arthropods live in grass.
Some arthropods live in plants.
Some arthropods live in Washington.
Some arthropods live in water.
Some arthropods make chemicals.
Some arthropods make up diets.
Some arthropods move appendages.
Some arthropods occur in soil.
Some arthropods possess a type of eye known as a compound eye.
Some arthropods possess tracheae.
Some arthropods prey on larvae.
Some arthropods prey on mosquito larvae.
Some arthropods relate to lobsters.
Some arthropods resemble centipedes.
Some arthropods serve as hosts.
Some arthropods transmit viruses.
Some arthropods transport oxygen directly to their muscles via trachae.
Some arthropods undergo transformation.
An arthroscope is an endoscope
Arthroscopes require smaller incisions, which means less time in the hospital and less time to heal.
Arthroscopic incisions are so small that they usually require no more than one stitch, if any.
Arthroscopic surgery can provide relief if pain persists.
Arthroscopic surgery involves doing the same thing through a scope - the incisions are much smaller.
Arthroscopic surgery involves the use of small instruments and small incisions.
Arthroscopic surgery is a procedure done in an operating room to look inside the knee.
Arthroscopic surgery is endoscopic surgery performed on joints such as the knee or shoulder.
Arthroscopic surgery is how doctors operate on a patient without having to fully cut open the body.
Arthroscopic surgery is needed to repair or remove large torn pieces of cartilage.
Arthroscopic surgery is performed by an arthroscopic team in an operating room.
Arthroscopic surgery is performed by orthopedic surgeons.
Arthroscopic surgery is performed on an outpatient basis.
Arthroscopic surgery is used on joint problems.
Arthroscopic techniques allow for a variety of procedures to be performed on foot and ankle joints.
An arthroscopy is an operation
Arthroscopy allows surgery do be performed through tiny puncture holes, without any incisions.
An arthrospore is a cell
Arthrospores survive for months to years in soil, dust.
Arthurian legend tells of an imperial sword possessing mysterious power and beauty.
Arthurian Resources Offers some interesting resources.
Arthurian scholars continue to debate theories and investigate the original manuscripts.
Arthurian scholars continue to debate thoeries and investigate the original manuscripts.
Artic air is dominant across most of the country east of the Rockies.
Artic hare changes color in summer and winter.
Artic storms can also significantly decrease the number of young which are successfully raised.
Artic summers make up for their shortness with endless daylight.
Articainic acid is the primary metabolite in urine.
Artichoke flour has a pleasant, slightly sweet flavor.
An artichoke heart is a vegetable
Artichoke hearts are also a great addition to a tossed salad or mediataranian-flavored pasta salad.
Artichoke hearts are always great.
An artichoke is a vegetable
Artichokes are a good source of potassium.
Artichokes are also available frozen, canned, and marinated.
Artichokes are apparantly good.
Artichokes are available from California year-round.
Artichokes are expensive for a canned food but worth every cent.
Artichokes are flowers.
Artichokes are fun to eat, delicious and simple to prepare.
Artichokes are green.
Artichokes are just as easy.
Artichokes are located in refrigerators.
Artichokes are no slouch in the nutrition department.
Artichokes are part of artichokes.
Artichokes are part of the thistle family and are actually the flower bud of the plant.
Artichokes are plants.
Artichokes are stuffed, and artichoke stems, carduni, are dipped in a flour paste and fried.
Artichokes are the ultimate finger food.
Artichokes are the undisputed ugly duckling of the vegetable bin.
Artichokes are the unopened flowers and stems of a kind of thistle.
Artichokes are vegetables.
Artichokes begin to come in, as do peas.
Artichokes come from Provence and Brittany, and in each region they are prepared in different ways.
Artichokes do best in a frost-free coastal area with cool foggy summers.
Artichokes have a subtle, sweet and somewhat nutty flavor.
Artichokes have leafs.
Artichokes have thorns.
Artichokes make all wines taste metallic.
Artichokes simply rule here.
All artichokes are mature when picked.
Every artichoke deserves an attorney.
Articial intelligence involves the use of computerized systems that behave like human beings.
Articles of incorporation are subject to public inspection.
Articles of Interest contains articles about allergies and asthma in school.
Articles of manufacture are goods and products that are made and includes all manufactured articles.
Articles of organization are short, simple documents.
Articles of partnership are a written agreement listing and explaining the terms of the partnership.
Article one says that it is in human nature to be weak and do the easiest thing.
Article review essays due.
Article reviews are also to be completed individually.
Article reviews are due on the day they are assigned for in the reading.
Article reviews are due.
Article reviews are to be typed and are due at the beginning of class.
Article size has no practical limitation.
Article V deals with the amendment process Article VI places the legal status of the constitution.
Article V deals with the procedures to amend the Constitution.
Article V provides a detailed procedure for obtaining temporary custody.
Article V provides for amending the Constitution.
Article V provides the only legitimate means for amending the Constitution.
Article V settles the Indian question.
Article X is a valid and standing amendment to the Constitution.
Article X is part of a plan by the state to deregulate electricity.
Article X supersedes local air permitting.
An article is a piece
An article is nonfiction
Article addresses how to teach public speaking.
Article addresses local media tendency to neglect coverage of events involving the abuse of women.
Article addresses nationwide discussions and recent studies about placing moratoriums on executions.
Article addresses present poverty concentrations and housing stock mix characteristics in Amsterdam.
Article addresses siblings towards the end.
Article addresses what an abusive relationship is like, the effect of abuse and what can be done.
Article advertises a new paper.
Article alleges that Northern abolitionists are consipiring to consummate a war upon the South.
Article also contains web links to additional resources.
Article also discusses combat art experiences.
Article also discusses how attitudes toward the habit have changed from generation to generation.
Article also gives background for companies selecting among different broadband connection options.
Article also identifies the most frequent faililngs in the physician-organization arrangement.
Article also includes brief item about softball team.
Article also includes list of gay tour companies.
Article also offers questions and answers enclosed with pictures.
Article appears in Spanish.
Article appears quite thorough but has several sections without any citations at all.
Article applies only to public sales establishments.
Article Archives a collection on a variety of subjects.
Article are available online.
Article argues circumcision is contrary to Canadian law .
Article asserts that war-spirit, North and South, is dying out.
Article begins a series on historiography.
Article calls for fundamental change to reduce concentration of power.
Article Care for patients unable to pay is required for government-funded hospitals.
Article chosen is irrelevant to class material.
Article chosen is relevant to class material.
Article clean up needed, yes, but the subject is notable.
Article Click above for the latest article on the subject of bedwetting.
Article compares Calgary's selling points to Edmonton's advantages.
Article completely fails to meet the the first principle of the manual of style .
Article concerns the design of constructive narratives.
Article concludes with additional links.
Article concludes with discussion of female and male circumcision customs.
Article constitutes alternative remedy.
Article contains a feature chart.
Article contains a list of materials, detailed construction methods, and color photos.
Article contains double interwiki link to one other languages.
Article contains duplicate interwiki links to another language.
Article contains good section on resources with lots of links.
Article contains information on medications contraindicated for singers and actors.
Article contains mostly good images.
Article contains notes on determining image scale, focal length and true eyepiece magnification.
Article contains photos of prototype.
Article contains references.
Article contains some empirical anomalies as arguments against standard cosmology.
Article contends that modern corporate capitalism is the opposite of true free-market economies.
Article Continues .
Article Continues and a between the content above and the text links below.
Article continues here .
Article covers new products and methods to improve styling, test and analysis of cars.
Article covers the failure rates and failures of new satellite launches.
Article covers ways in which to make breastfeeding after returning to work easier.
Article crack outside lots wolf once fall Cheap long distance call.
Article debates the merits and challenges of colleges providing notebook computers to students.
Article defines high self-esteem with examples.
Article defines the various incarnations of stress and how to cope with stress.
Article demonstrates little revision or improvement.
Article depicts the role of black civil war soldiers.
Article describes cleanup in Alaska.
Article describes effects of three central volcanoes.
Article describes five ways to identify a focus toward work-life balance.
Article describes goals and objectives common for all commercial exhibitions.
Article describes individual features and their rock types and locates active neovolcanic zone.
Article describes peacekeeping tasks in a buffer zone.
Article describes the causes and treatments.
Article describes the changes in san shou competition rules in recent years.
Article describes the contents.
Article describes the merits of network integration strategies for all companies.
Article describes ways small businesses use Web sites to market their companies.
Article desribes military actions on site now threatened by road project.
Article details the breakdown of electoral votes by section.
Article details the methods used, in clear language.
Article Disarming the TV Violent television programming is harming kids, experts say.
Article discusses a good site on the internet for finding information about lawn care.
Article discusses anticipated funding for park improvements.
Article discusses both researchers' work examining the effect of stress on health.
Article discusses changes that occur leading up to menopause, including hormonal and psychological.
Article discusses clothing that is considered appropriate dress for women.
Article discusses differences between today's generation and earlier generations as managers.
Article discusses effective resume formats.
Article discusses elder abuse and the laws and remedies that are available.
Article discusses how relatively easy a cruise vacation is for a person with limited mobility.
Article discusses how to review a web site and sources that review web sites.
Article discusses integrating machine vision systems into the laser marking process.
Article discusses natural radiation and magnetism.
Article discusses neurobiology and treatment.
Article discusses opportunities for professional development.
Article discusses pros and cons.
Article discusses the challenges of order fulfillment and other e-commerce logistical issues.
Article discusses the consequences.
Article discusses the development and physiological functions of the male prepuce.
Article discusses the importance of prevention when it comes to care of our feet.
Article discusses the price rate and intrinsic worth of slaves.
Article discusses the reverse-engineering of the system kernel to insert backdoors.
Article discusses the right, left and whole hemispheres.
Article discusses the school and teaching staff.
Article discusses the struggle between freedom and slavery.
Article discusses the use of biometrics to verify the identities of people in many ways.
Article discusses types of dictionaries and reviews some of the available ones.
Article discusses use of newspapers for language learning.
Article does tend to mire down in UFOlogy after an interesting beginning.
Article draws extensive details from the coroner's report.
Article ends with a series of recommendations for action.
Article ends with analysis and suggestions for application of concepts to modern life.
Article examines the presidential front-runners' views on gun shows.
Article Expect The Best A little girl walked daily to and from school.
Article explains how online purchasers can protect themselves when buying online.
Article explains how to market effectively on newsgroups, message boards, and discussion list.
Article explains step by step how to create a doorway page.
Article explains, and provides the memo.
Article explores prosecutorial discretion and role of victims in capital cases.
Article explores what's wrong with computerized reading programs.
Article features in-depth photographs of the completed work.
Article features the legislative trading cards.
Article feels full now, without being unsimple.
Article First describes the items on journal tables of contents pages.
Article focuses on improving communication via the Internet.
Article focuses on the many challenges to Pakistan's national security.
Article focuses on the needs of nontraditional adults entering school and the workplace.
Article follows rules of correct spelling, punctuation, and grammar.
Article gives general description and outlines risks in gestational diabetes.
Article gives information on purpose, organization, and prospects of the schools.
Article gives parts list, adjustment and applications info.
Article goes into technique, with references.
Article has a nice chart detailing Internet-related spending by department.
Article has a photo of a brain with an indicator for the corpus callosum.
Article has chart with post office revenue over time.
Article has chart with top advertisers and places they like to advertise.
Article has quite a bit of text, and some references.
Article has several related links at the end.
Article has to do with research and interpretations for practice - and for marriage.
Article have word, word have meaning.
Article Heading One Article text goes here.
Article helps assess the risks and hazards associated with objects in one's collection.
Article includes a bibliography with hypertext links.
Article includes a bracing diagram.
Article includes a chart and three photos.
Article includes a description of the architecture and exhibits.
Article includes a feature comparison chart.
Article includes a fictional write-up of the history and characteristics of the tank.
Article includes a large annotated list of government sales sites.
Article includes a list of resources at end, too.
Article includes a table with company, phone, Web site and pricing information for each product.
Article includes academic references.
Article includes action steps and resources.
Article includes bibliography.
Article includes cat and dog intros.
Article includes code snipets.
Article includes description of computer art and algorithm with full-color image.
Article includes discussion of physics and math involved.
Article includes examples of community plans.
Article includes four case studies.
Article includes historical background.
Article includes historical information about the temple and area.
Article includes information on homeopathic rememdies that can help to relieve colic in babies.
Article includes information on site features.
Article includes information on symptoms, treatment and recommendations for exercise.
Article includes information on testing, specimen collection, and more.
Article includes items needed for play, rules, and a brief history of the game.
Article includes links to decisions and pleadings in case.
Article includes links to other resources on aging.
Article includes links to security patches.
Article includes look at players in the race.
Article includes many tips and tactics specific to North Fork fly fishing success.
Article includes photographs and short history what happened to the Jewish synagogues.
Article includes picture.
Article includes project background, rationale, preplanning, process, and student issues.
Article includes relevant information and images.
Article includes sample case studies and spreadsheets .
Article includes sample code and diagrams.
Article includes several corporate examples.
Article includes several good tips on handgun care.
Article includes several wood engravings which are listed below.
Article includes six excerpts from the daily workshop schedule.
Article includes synopsis of male contraceptive methods under investigation.
Article includes tables on data on margarine sales.
Article includes testimony from involved parties.
Article includes the names of men who signed a petition in support of the rally.
Article includes three sample estimates.
Article includes tips for cooking with sour cream as well as recipe for a sour cream dip.
Article is a rational analysis of a AA programme , presumably by a non fellow brother.
Article is a resume anyway.
Article is a useful summary of the way things are.
Article is about telescopes, but applies to any aluminum parts.
Article is available on microfilm.
Article is available on-line .
Article is continued, click below to read more.
Article is copyrighted by the author.
Article is cumulative.
Article is currently empty.
Article is directed primarily to the European education community.
Article is displayed on Right. or choose below.
Article is easier to understand.
Article is fine now.
Article is fine.
Article is free software worth the cost.
Article is full and complete authority for expenditures and bonds.
Article is here .
Article is illustrated with seed packets from their catalogs.
Article is in English.
Article is in French and English.
Article is in full, below.
Article is in german.
Article is in Hebrew.
Article is in preparation.
Article is included.
Article is incomplete.
Article is indeed worthless rubbish.
Article is informative and easy to read.
Article is just a bunch of speculations on the possible future success of the band.
Article is just ok.
Article is no longer available on the Internet.
Article is of interest because of the methodology demonstrated.
Article is off-topic.
Article is permitted on e-reserve for one semester only.
Article is promoted.
Article is provided 'as is' without any warranties.
Article is published.
Article is reviewed.
Article is rich with hyperlinks.
Article is sent for copy-editing.
Article is sent to newspaper.
Article is supported with sources cited from credible media and psychological professionals.
Article is typed double spaced using a word processor.
Article is very short and does a bad job compared to the United States article.
Article isa artifact.
Article isa entity.
Article lacks sources and information.
Article leads to more fundamental questions about accountability and the public interest .
Article lists albums to look forward to in the coming year.
Article lists seven alleged acts.
Article looks at how far the riots are likely to influence the government.
Article makes policy recommendations.
Article mentions their research that found stress can hinder the body's ability to heal wounds.
Article needs to show procedures and results.
Article neglects to include entire dialogue, and therefore tends to be onesided.
Article now has plenty of acceptable references and more indication of notability.
Article observes the environmental education of sixth graders through the Jewish religion.
Article offers advise on how to build a doorway page.
Article offers new knowledge or offers new insight on the topic.
Article offers tips and advice on opening a savings account.
Article outlines a typical daily schedule.
Article outlines the schedule.
Article presents one school district's model for building-level disaggregation and data analysis.
Article previews the most recent additions to the national festival in Seattle.
Article profiles four men wrongly convicted and sentenced to death.
Article profiles some filers, discusses proposed legislation.
Article promotes block scheduling.
Article provides a link to common questions on nightmares.
Article provides both historical and genealogical information.
Article provides details and chronology of accusations.
Article provides details on equipment and missions.
Article provides email connection to obtain more information on new product.
Article provides remedies for a simple prolapse and infected prolapse.
Article refers to how the ear works in relation to acoustics.
Article refers to noise and vibration due to heating and air conditioning units.
Article refers to savings in time and money through careful planning of layout and design of church.
Article refers to understanding acoustical principles.
Article reflects interdisciplinary work in anthropology.
Article remains in archives accessible to visitors on an ongoing basis.
Article reports data.
Article reports on growing cost of diabetes in India .
Article reports the running of swine.
Article reprints .
Article reviews each program and contains a features chart.
Article reviews ideas on how to use compensation to improve team collaboration.
Article reviews recent invasions in marine ecosystems and their effects.
Article reviews security portals.
Article rightfully implores men to praise their wives.
Article seeks to raise awareness of the ethical issues surrounding e-mail privacy.
Article seems well sourced.
Article shows editing patterns often used by spambots.
Article shows how they really work.
Article shows no partiality to one group or person.
Article sit toward none knee likewise built unc basketball picture.
Article starts with the reasons why delegation is useful.
Article steal several paintball with affair.
Article summarizes the diseases and conditions caused by smoking.
Article summarizes various ways to block out pornagraphy and other objectionable web materials.
Article takes a look at questions about populations .
Article talks about different articles of the constitution.
Article talks about the people's rights to make their own laws and pick their own rulers.
Article tells of Chicago sports reporter who has two sons with diabetes .
Article tells the stories of a set of women in New York City with loose morals.
Article threatens an anti-meeting movement.
Article traces evidence about the results of cooperative learning.
Article traces the origin and development of the compound bow.
Article unite Discounts out one absence toward a radio.
Article uses examples to discuss the pros and cons of leasing for business and schools.
Article uses information from the Internet sites.
Article uses specialized jargon of the discipline.
Article write ups good.
Article yield around many farmer yet is new woman.
Articles abound on the role of antioxidants in preventing disease and slowing the aging process.
Articles abound with stories of our guides and their catches.
Articles accepted for publication are either in English or French, with an English abstract.
Articles accepted for publication are subject to editorial revision.
Articles accompanied by a computer diskette are preferred.
Articles address a broad array of international social research of interest to academic readers.
Articles address a broad range of issues related to the music of liturgical worship.
Articles address all aspects of the research process, from conceptualization through to 'writing'.
Articles address both theory and practice.
Articles address both training and racing, and the site includes a discussion board.
Articles address both training and racing, and the site includes a very active discussion board.
Articles address current solid waste and recycling issues in Arkansas.
Articles address early childhood and school-age child care issues.
Articles address family field issues, programs, and trends, including association news.
Articles address general psychology topics with a focus on their practical applications.
Articles address home, family, office, business and time management issues.
Articles address many major diseases, including treatments and preventive care.
Articles address problems in management and highlight successful companies.
Articles address science fiction and utopian literature and often have a multidisciplinary focus.
Articles address such topics as wedding fashions, decorating, etiquette, and honeymoon travel.
Articles address the growth versus decay issue.
Articles address the latest thinking, innovations and trends in economic and community development.
Articles address the U.S. budget battle, the tax structure and job trends.
Articles address topics of direct interest to Internet users only.
Articles address user expectations, quality of service, use of resources and cost effectiveness.
Articles address wedding fashions, decorating, etiquette and more.
Articles addressing topics and issues of concern to language arts teachers k-college are welcome.
Articles advise women on how to make their lives better in the areas of self, finance, and health.
Articles also address training teachers and the logistics of placing computers in the classroom.
Articles also analyze the implications of new and emerging technologies.
Articles also appear, from time to time, in other publications.
Articles also are available on the web at youthaltern atives.org.
Articles also come on disk.
Articles also contain bibliographies, links to related article, and useful web links to images.
Articles also contains bibliographies.
Articles also cover email management and email policy issues.
Articles also cover fabric reviews, fashion trends, and expert advice on new products.
Articles also cover legislation and case law in European countries, America and the Far East.
Articles also cover local history, homes, people, and conservation.
Articles also deal with major economic issues in the Edmonton region.
Articles also discuss the aspects of ezine distribution and public speaking and presentations.
Articles also discuss tree health and general orchard management.
Articles also explain medical aspects of cancer in simple terms.
Articles also explore common problems and possible solutions.
Articles also explore gay culture, style, and gay society.
Articles also focus on upcoming debates.
Articles also introduce some of the archaeologists who worked there.
Articles also make great additions to promotional materials.
Articles also profile youth organizations and projects from across the nation and around the world.
Articles also welcome.
Articles analyze the discourse conventions of writing in particular professions and disciplines.
ARticles analyze the economy, government, business environment and foreign policy.
Articles analyze the latest data and policy.
Articles announcing writers' seminars and events are acceptable.
Articles appear alphabetically by title under the subject and name headings.
Articles appear as they're submitted to the site.
Articles appear daily concerning the tremendous growth of the Web.
Articles appear either in English or in Russian, with abstracts in both languages.
Articles appear frequently in professional journals.
Articles appear here through a template, either  or  with the  parameter on.
Articles appear in a classified index by subject, name of case, and state or country.
Articles appear in american angler magazines.
Articles appear in angler magazines.
Articles appear in cat fancy magazines.
Articles appear in chronological order, by product.
Articles appear in chronological order, with the latest breaking news first.
Articles appear in chronological order.
Articles appear in English only.
Articles appear in English, French, and German.
Articles appear in English, French, Spanish, and Portuguese.
Articles appear in magazines, journals, newspapers, and encyclopedias, among others.
Articles appear in magazines, journals, newspapers, and in encyclopedias, among others.
Articles appear in magazines.
Articles appear in newspapers, on TV, radio and on the Internet.
Articles appear in periodicals, magazines, journals, and newspapers.
Articles appear in popular magazines.
Articles appear in several original languages.
Articles appear in Stacks on the day they are published.
Articles appear in the newsletter AND in perpetuity on winaz.org.
Articles appear indexed within a week of publication.
Articles appear on pages.
Articles appear on sites.
Articles appear on web sites.
Articles appear on-line as soon as accepted and in print quarterly.
Articles appear only if later published in book form.
Articles appear out of sequence and are duplicated within and among the scrapbooks.
Articles appear throughout the year, as they are ready for publication.
Articles appear to be detailed and relevant for both beginner and advanced levels.
Articles appear under the artist's name and subject headings.
Articles appear upon editorial acceptance of manuscripts.
Articles appear with a short biography of their authors.
Articles appear with Spanish and Hmong translations.
Articles appearing in scholarly journals are usually peer-reviewed .
Articles appearing in thematic issues are by invitation of the editor.
Articles appropriate any season are arranged further by topics.
Articles are a combination of practical advice and commercial promotions.
Articles are a contribution to the body of knowledge and no remuneration can be made.
Articles are a major source of information.
Articles are a mix of academic studies and procedural reviews.
Articles are a mix of news stories and lab-based reviews.
Articles are a public record available for inspection ny anymore.
Articles are a slightly different assignment.
Articles are a useful way to glean information on web site design and promotion.
Articles are about amateur radio in and out of Virginia.
Articles are about student accomplishments , faculty , research , and facilities .
Articles are abstract only.
Articles are abstracts from print version of magazine.
Articles are accessible here courtesy of their authors.
Articles are accessible, informative, and laced with colorful photographs.
Articles are according to subject.
Articles are adjectives and always agree with the noun they modify in both gender and number.
Articles are all full-text.
Articles are almost all reader-written from personal perspectives, except for our columns.
Articles are almost always of high quality.
Articles are alphabetically by category and alphabetical by author.
Articles are also available by mail or fax .
Articles are also available for patients interested in treatment alternatives.
Articles are also available for reprinting.
Articles are also available in Postscript format .
Articles are also available online.
Articles are also available sorted by topic.
Articles are also available to newspapers electronically.
Articles are also browsable alphabetically or via a timeline.
Articles are also cross-referenced and can be found from the index or via the search engine.
Articles are also downloadable in Adobe Acrobat format.
Articles are also on sale there.
Articles are also samples of writing and photography available for publication and commercial use.
Articles are also welcome dealing with the Arab-Israeli conflict in general.
Articles are always adjectives.
Articles are always welcome.
Articles are an especially important source of information for private companies.
Articles are another way of motivating a dog.
Articles are applicable to both genders.
Articles are appropriate for the informed lay reader as well as professionals.
Articles are arranged in alphabetical order, some include bibliographies.
Articles are arrangement in alphabetical order and run in length from a paragraph to several pages.
Articles are artifacts.
Articles are available as paper documents or on microfilm.
Articles are available as scanned versions of journal pages.
Articles are available at no charge.
Articles are available either citation only, with abstracts, full text , or with images provided.
Articles are available either in full-text or on microfiche.
Articles are available for a fee.
Articles are available for all researchers whose name is an active link.
Articles are available for document delivery by fax.
Articles are available for download to subscribing institutions.
Articles are available for downloading.
Articles are available for order.
Articles are available for publication free of charge.
Articles are available for purchase via credit card on a secure online order form.
Articles are available for reprinting or translation.
Articles are available for reproduction.
Articles are available for subscribers in full text format.
Articles are available free online.
Articles are available from several sources.
Articles are available full text.
Articles are available full-text and can be searched by keywords or a variety of field types.
Articles are available full-text.
Articles are available here .
Articles are available here with a time difference of a year compared to the printed publications.
Articles are available in .pdf or HTML formats.
Articles are available in a number of languages, including English.
Articles are available in abstracts, full text and image formats.
Articles are available in Adobe Acrobat format.
Articles are available in both HTML and .PDF formats.
Articles are available in both on-line and downloadable versions.
Articles are available in English and Spanish .
Articles are available in English and Spanish.
Articles are available in full text from all other journals in the following list.
Articles are available in full text.
Articles are available in full-text.
Articles are available in German and English.
Articles are available in html and pdf format.
Articles are available in HTML format.
Articles are available in postscript.
Articles are available in Spanish or English.
Articles are available in Spanish, French, Dutch, Italian, Portuguese, or English.
Articles are available in Spanish, Portuguese, and English.
Articles are available in the Article Library on the Web.
Articles are available in, fulltext, abstract, and extended citation, formats.
Articles are available offering practical advice for parents, teachers and professionals.
Articles are available on electronic reserve .
Articles are available on fiche in Peri.
Articles are available on genetic engineering, genomic mapping, biodiversity, and more.
Articles are available on most topics.
Articles are available on our website.
Articles are available online for free viewing.
Articles are available online for free.
Articles are available online free of charge.
Articles are available on-line in full text, illustrated with photographs.
Articles are available online the day of publication.
Articles are available on-line.
Articles are available online.
Articles are available only as a courtesy.
Articles are available through the web page which are relevant to people with addictions.
Articles are available to all interested readers.
Articles are available to print , download to disk, or send as email in their entirety.
Articles are available upon request.
Articles are available via autoresponder.
Articles are available via e-mail, by fax, and by mail.
Articles are available when titles are hyper-linked.
Articles are available, with permission, for republication.
Articles are available.
Articles are aviailable on-line at their site.
Articles are basic and very easy to understand.
Articles are better than ads.
Articles are blind referred.
Articles are blind reviewed.
Articles are bold and laid out for easy access.
Articles are boring.
Articles are both historical and timely.
Articles are both in abstract and full text form.
Articles are both In Belarusian and Russian.
Articles are both in English and Macedonian languages.
Articles are both interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary.
Articles are brief and practical.
Articles are brief and to the point, with lots of personal experiences weaved in.
Articles are brief and written in easy to understand language.
Articles are brief articles about creation issues such as the importance of a global flood.
Articles are brief, summarized, and often no longer than a single paragraph.
Articles are brief.
Articles are browsable by year, or the entire database can be searched.
Articles are browsable.
Articles are by both scholars and practitioners.
Articles are by educators, policy makers, and youth.
Articles are by invitation and tend to scholarly in nature.
Articles are by specialists and deal with persons, ideas, concepts, customs, etc.
Articles are by specialists.
Articles are by the editor unless otherwise stated.
Articles are carefully cross-indexed and many are accompanied by basic bibliographic sources.
Articles are citable, and the citation format is provided at the start of each article.
Articles are clear and informative.
Articles are clear, conversational, illustrated and inviting.
Articles are comprehensive and include bibliographies.
Articles are comprehensive and include cross-references and bibliographies.
Articles are comprehensive and rely on extensive research and established facts.
Articles are comprehensive, easy to read, and address common health complications of diabetes.
Articles are concise and clear.
Articles are concise and well written.
Articles are concise and written with the layperson in mind.
Articles are conveniently available in full text on microfiche.
Articles are copyrighted, please ask permission before using.
Articles are created by writers.
Articles are cross referenced to related articles rather exhaustively.
Articles are cross-indexed and many are listed in several places.
Articles are cross-listed in multiple topic classifications where appropriate.
Articles are cross-referenced by category.
Articles are cross-referenced to related ones.
Articles are cross-referenced under each section.
Articles are current and are of interest to high school students.
Articles are designedly brief, and cover both philology and history.
Articles are detailed yet concise and never talk down to students.
Articles are detailed, tracing a person's life chronologically, with emphasis on their achievements.
Articles are determiners.
Articles are discipline-specific.
Articles are displayable and printable in html and pdf formats.
Articles are diverse, detailed, pragmatic, and, in many cases, heartwarming.
Articles are down to earth, and come from the front lines of missions in the Middle East.
Articles are due about four months before the first month of issue date.
Articles are due as indicated on schedule.
Articles are due at conclusion of each unit of study over the school year.
Articles are due four months in advance of the magazine's first issue month.
Articles are due in two weeks.
Articles are due one week before that month s publication.
Articles are due three months preceding the first of the month of publication.
Articles are due two weeks before, one week for news and items.
Articles are easily copied and pasted in whole, or part, to an already-opened word processing file.
Articles are easily understandable to the general population.
Articles are easy to read and provides a positive view of living with haemophilia.
Articles are easy to write using the site's automated tools.
Articles are editable, address a variety of consumer topics, and come in varying lengths.
Articles are either full text or include abstracts.
Articles are either in French or English.
Articles are either in French or in English, with a summary in the other language.
Articles are especially effective when they coincide with planned events.
Articles are excellent.
Articles are exempt from the requirements of the standard .
Articles are extensively indexed.
Articles are extremely comprehensive and contain extensive bibliographic references.
Articles are factually correct and extensively referenced.
Articles are fairly detailed yet still easy to read.
Articles are fairly long.
Articles are fairly short and rely heavily on the excellent illustrations for additional impact.
Articles are fairly short, providing an overview on a focused topic.
Articles are fairly short.
Articles are fast and and regular and teach writing discipline, economy of language, etc.
Articles are for later.
Articles are for personal use only.
Articles are for teachers and professors, from elementary school through university.
Articles are for the patron to keep.
Articles are forthcoming.
Articles are FREE during an introductory period.
Articles are free for reprint as long as nothing is changed and the resource box is included.
Articles are free of charge and sent directly to email addresses following registration.
Articles are free online.
Articles are free to view, and no registration or password is required.
Articles are free.
Articles are frequently comparative in their approach.
Articles are frequently long, written by authorities and include references.
Articles are from American journals.
Articles are from magazines and scholarly journals.
Articles are from medical journals.
Articles are from scholarly journals, magazines and newspapers.
Articles are from scholars, judges and distinguished practitioners.
Articles are from South African newspapers.
Articles are from the Internet's top webmasters and entrepreneurs.
Articles are from the latest issue.
Articles are from the world's most essential religion journals, in all theological disciplines.
Articles are from users for users.
Articles are full accounts of definitive and significant studies.
Articles are full of expert advise and commentary from well known writers.
Articles are full text - a valuable media coverage source.
Articles are full text and can be printed out or downloaded.
Articles are full text, some with illustrations, tables, or graphs.
Articles are full text, some with illustrations.
Articles are full text.
Articles are full-length reports of completed research in experimental or clinical transplantation.
Articles are full-length.
Articles are fulltext and each issue focuses on a different broad topic.
Articles are full-text, and can be printed or downloaded.
Articles are full-text.
Articles are fully searchable and appear in their entirety, just as in the printed journal.
Articles are general information or editorials concerning the field of coding.
Articles are generally a page to a few pages.
Articles are generally availab le before the print edition.
Articles are generally available before the print edition.
Articles are generally free of charge.
Articles are generally long.
Articles are generally of essay length.
Articles are generally p receded by an abstract and are followed by a bibliography.
Articles are generally scholarly in nature.
Articles are generally short, and conclude with bibliographies for further reading.
Articles are generally short.
Articles are generally six or more finished pages long.
Articles are generally technical.
Articles are generally very readable and accessible to the non-specialist.
Articles are good, but people's comments worth more.
Articles are great as the focus for individual or group presentations or debates.
Articles are great sources for finding information on specific facets of a topic.
Articles are heavily footnoted and usually have a bibliography.
Articles are heavy in misleading and false statistics, and riddled with English malapropisms.
Articles are high quality and give information about quilters and teachers.
Articles are historical essays with photographs by board members and other contributors.
Articles are important resources.
Articles are in .pdf format.
Articles are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Articles are in alphabetical order by broad topic.
Articles are in alphabetical order by subject, with related articles frequently grouped together.
Articles are in alphabetical order by surname.
Articles are in both Arabic and English.
Articles are in both English and French.
Articles are in both Serbian and English languages.
Articles are in chronological order, past to present and then info on leaders.
Articles are in chronological order, with more recent articles first.
Articles are in condensed state.
Articles are in English and introduce German terminology in the various sections.
Articles are in English and many foreign languages.
Articles are in English and Spanish.
Articles are in English or French.
Articles are in English or German.
Articles are in English with Arabic and English abstracts.
Articles are in English, French and German.
Articles are in English, French or Spanish with summaries in English, French and Spanish.
Articles are in English, French, Italian or German.
Articles are in English, with an ample Italian summary.
Articles are in English.
Articles are in French but English abstracts are available in the journal and via internet.
Articles are in French or English.
Articles are in full text .
Articles are in full text.
Articles are in German or English.
Articles are in German, English, or French and are of the highest standard.
Articles are in HTML format.
Articles are in Hungarian or English.
Articles are in Italian or English, with ample summaries in the alternative language.
Articles are in many languages.
Articles are in pdf format.
Articles are in PDF-format only.
Articles are in Portuguese.
Articles are in preparation reporting findings on each of the countries.
Articles are in quotes.
Articles are in reverse order, with the most recent at the top.
Articles are in sections on emerging markets, Europe and Asia, corporate strategies, and leadership.
Articles are in several languages, including English, German, French and Italian.
Articles are in Spanish.
Articles are in student pendaflexes.
Articles are in Word format .
Articles are informative and clear.
Articles are informative and well researched .
Articles are informative, interesting and concise.
Articles are informative, thought provoking, and on target.
Articles are insightful and thought-provoking.
Articles are insightful, fresh and practical.
Articles are intelligent and thorough.
Articles are interesting and helpful.
Articles are interesting and timely.
Articles are international in scope and cite relevant research.
Articles are just a click away.
Articles are just the start.
Articles are lengthy and include bibliographies.
Articles are lengthy and list their sources in the form of footnotes or endnotes.
Articles are lengthy and well-illustrated.
Articles are lengthy and well-written.
Articles are lengthy pieces by scholars and researchers.
Articles are lengthy with bibliography.
Articles are lengthy, around twenty pages.
Articles are lengthy, technical, and well-documented.
Articles are lengthy, written by experts in the field, and include sources for further research.
Articles are like leaves on the tree.
Articles are limited to five single-spaced pages.
Articles are limited to one paragraph of reasonable length.
Articles are listed by subject matter and author.
Articles are located in magazines.
Articles are located in newspapers.
Articles are long and include bibliographies.
Articles are long and include lists of additional sources on the topic.
Articles are long, general and descriptive.
Articles are long, scholarly and comprehensive.
Articles are longer than newspaper articles.
Articles are made of information.
Articles are mainly about field work and include status reports in the wild whenever possible.
Articles are markers that help readers identify nouns.
Articles are more concise to make information more directly accessible to readers.
Articles are more of an exegetical nature.
Articles are more on the management and high tech side.
Articles are more reader friendly when appropriate pictures are included in the appropriate places.
Articles are mostly American and mostly empirical in nature.
Articles are mostly concise news summaries.
Articles are mostly in Arabic, but there is also a smaller section for English articles.
Articles are mostly non-biased and factual using word processing software.
Articles are much easier to read than books.
Articles are multidisciplinary and span the spectrum of educational levels.
Articles are multi-page, which is annoying.
Articles are no different.
Articles are nonfiction.
Articles are now available on-line.
Articles are now online.
Articles are obviously shorter than books, and their theses necessarily narrower.
Articles are of a manageable length.
Articles are of good quality, well designed and carefully made.
Articles are of interest to a specialized occupational group.
Articles are of interest to all industry firms.
Articles are of reasonable length, informative, and include links to related subjects.
Articles are of substantial length and include bibliographies.
Articles are of the highest quality from the most eminent specialists in the field.
Articles are of varying length and complexity, and reader submissions are solicited.
Articles are offerred free to reprint in the media.
Articles are often about Japan's foreign relations and trends in Japanese society and culture.
Articles are often available in the media.
Articles are often heavily illustrated and generally contain photographs.
Articles are often irreverent in tone and sometimes downright sacrilegious, but never boring.
Articles are often light on facts, but filled with colourful writing.
Articles are often long and are accompanied by bibliographies.
Articles are often long and are usually very closey argued academic discussions.
Articles are often long, but always thought provoking.
Articles are often several weeks behind the actual events discussed in the text.
Articles are often short and written to inform or entertain.
Articles are often the best way to locate information on private companies.
Articles are on a variety of subjects.
Articles are on mothering, education, feminism and more.
Articles are on reserve at the library.
Articles are on subjects of general interest and are written for a general audience.
Articles are on-line.
Articles are online.
Articles are only available as part of complete back issues.
Articles are only available in full-text for a fee.
Articles are only available to subscribers but visitors can view tables of contents and abstracts.
Articles are optional with plural nouns, but all singular common nouns require an article.
Articles are original and rich in content with lots of web site links.
Articles are part of documents.
Articles are parts of speech.
Articles are peer-reviewed and accompanied by invited commentaries.
Articles are peer-reviewed and all journals have distinguished editorial boards.
Articles are peer-reviewed, authoritative, and timely.
Articles are peer-reviewed.
Articles are permitted in userspace for some time before deletion is considered.
Articles are pieces.
Articles are pithy, insightful, and funny, and display an engaging view of astrology.
Articles are place by faculty each semester and assigned as part of regular coursework.
Articles are posted in descending chronological order, i.e. the most article is on top.
Articles are posted on a rolling basis, so check back frequently to see what's new.
Articles are practical and creative.
Articles are practical as well as inspirational.
Articles are practical, and each issue includes a celebrity cover story and some fiction.
Articles are practical, thought-provoking, inspiring and always practical.
Articles are primarily biographies of criminals, crime victims, and leaders in law enforcement.
Articles are primarily in English, German, French, and Italian and lag one to two years behind.
Articles are primarily text.
Articles are principally pedagogical, although some university-based research articles are included.
Articles are printable.
Articles are property of the authors.
Articles are property of their authors, comments are property of their posters.
Articles are published in English.
Articles are quite diverse.
Articles are quite up to date.
Articles are real.
Articles are refereed and edited for correctness, clarity and relevance.
Articles are refereed and represent high standards of scholarship and research.
Articles are refereed.
Articles are regularly added to the manual, so please check back regularly. .
Articles are relatively easy for an individual to write.
Articles are relatively short and are accompanied by short bibliographies.
Articles are relatively short and current compared to books.
Articles are relatively short and many are illustrated.
Articles are relevant and appropriate.
Articles are relevant to both medical and premedical students.
Articles are research papers that describe meaningful studies that are complete.
Articles are retrievable instantly from autoresponders.
Articles are scholarly and include bibliographies.
Articles are scholarly and well-documented.
Articles are scholarly, withlengthy bibliographies.
Articles are scholarly.
Articles are searchable and browsable.
Articles are searchable by author name, title, and keyword.
Articles are searchable by keyword, author or subject.
Articles are searchable by keyword.
Articles are searchable by keywords within categories and subcategories.
Articles are searchable by keywords.
Articles are searchable by subject, author, or title and each citation includes a brief annotation.
Articles are searchable by title, headline, date, author, section or other assigned fields.
Articles are searchable by topic.
Articles are searchable for subject matter.
Articles are searchable full text.
Articles are searchable.
Articles are sections.
Articles are several pages long and include key references.
Articles are short and are signed by the author.
Articles are short and concise.
Articles are short and newsy, and provide good coverage of national initiatives.
Articles are short and to the point.
Articles are short and understandable.
Articles are short and use multimedia to enrich learning rather than merely decorate the pages.
Articles are short and written to inform or entertain the general public.
Articles are short compositions, usually under forty pages, written on a specific subject.
Articles are short words, and most conjuctions and prepositions are short, too.
Articles are short, and each is chock full of practical, concrete suggestions for achieving results.
Articles are short, just scratching the surface of the topics .
Articles are short, to the point and easy to understand.
Articles are short, with little depth.
Articles are short.
Articles are shorter and less detailed, but often very timely and useful.
Articles are shorter than books.
Articles are shorter than features but are of no less significance or importance.
Articles are shorter, note page numbers.
Articles are sometimes cross-posted to multiple moderated groups.
Articles are sometimes full-image as well as fulltext.
Articles are somewhat non-biased and factual using word processing software.
Articles are staff-written and typically are based on original research.
Articles are still available online, but no longer without a charge.
Articles are still on the way, along with some magazine images.
Articles are subject to a process of blind review.
Articles are subject to approval.
Articles are subject to editing as necessary.
Articles are subject to editing for length, style or clarity.
Articles are subject to editing for length.
Articles are subject to editing.
Articles are subject to peer review.
Articles are subject to peer-reviewing.
Articles are subject to review and approval before they are chosen for publication.
Articles are subject to the peer review process, and the journal is issued irregularly.
Articles are subject to the usual process of anonymous review.
Articles are supposed to be written based on what the sources say.
Articles are the lowest level data construct in replication.
Articles are the opinion of the author unless otherwise noted.
Articles are the personal view of the author.
Articles are the property of their authors.
Articles are then due at the principal's office before the second meeting of the month.
Articles are then individualized depending on their source of origin.
Articles are thorough, with good bibliographies.
Articles are thorough.
Articles are timely and useful.
Articles are timely, informative, and very interesting.
Articles are timely, succinct, and fully referenced.
Articles are to be based on original research with primary sources.
Articles are to be double-spaced.
Articles are to be of substantial length.
Articles are to be preapproved by the instructor.
Articles are to be submitted at the beginning of the spring semester for consideration.
Articles are to be submitted in their final form so that they require no further alterations.
Articles are to be submitted to the editor, preferably by electronic mail .
Articles are to be submitted via email or on disk, and include a source list with telephone numbers.
Articles are to enhance the quality of life of the customer.
Articles are to the left and links to updated pages or new pages are listed below.
Articles are to the point.
Articles are topical news as well as in-depth studies and researched essays and editorials.
Articles are topnotch and always timely.
Articles are two to three pages long.
Articles are up to date and loaded with really good, in depth reviews.
Articles are updated weekly.
Articles are uploaded from the administrator's home page.
Articles are used for reading.
Articles are usually available one day after the print publication.
Articles are usually between two and four pages.
Articles are usually interesting.
Articles are usually longer.
Articles are usually reports on scholarly research, written for other scholars.
Articles are usually reports on scholarly research.
Articles are usually several pages in length, and are followed by lists of additional sources.
Articles are usually short and technical, with graphics.
Articles are usually short with no bibliographic citations.
Articles are usually short.
Articles are usually shorter and less scholarly than articles in journals.
Articles are usually the work of actual practitioners, rather than theoreticians.
Articles are usually very lengthy and contain extensive bibliographies.
Articles are usually very short.
Articles are varied in content with an emphasis on standards and regulations.
Articles are very consize, objective, and informative.
Articles are very creatine, and links are provided to sites on a variety of topics.
Articles are very easy to understand.
Articles are very informative and give a comprehensive insight into the subject.
Articles are very informative and invigorative.
Articles are very informative.
Articles are very interesting, and most of the photos explanations are humorous.
Articles are very technical and go into great details.
Articles are welcome by members.
Articles are welcome in any area of philosophy or environmental affairs.
Articles are welcome on anything from the inane to the random.
Articles are welcome on topics relating to the asset-based financial services industry.
Articles are welcome.
Articles are well balanced between modern, early-modern and medieval topics.
Articles are well cross referenced and include guides for further reading.
Articles are well referenced and some include abstracts of related studies.
Articles are well researched and beautifully illustrated.
Articles are well researched yet easily readable.
Articles are well written, and are often accompanied by interesting photography.
Articles are well-chosen and organized.
Articles are well-organized, clearly written, and provide a good overview of the topic.
Articles are well-written and practical to today's policing.
Articles are well-written, informative, and intriguing.
Articles are with sound, video, and interactive demos and tutorials.
Articles are words like a, an, the, la, die, etc.
Articles are written based on specialised editorial research of the best ways to save money.
Articles are written by a scholar or someone who has done research in the field.
Articles are written by authors.
Articles are written by contributors.
Articles are written by researchers.
Articles are written by same authors.
Articles are written by staff members or freelance writers.
Articles are written by writers.
Articles are written or reviewed by diabetes advisors who have experience in diabetes education.
Articles are, for the most part, creative, innovative, and well written.
Articles arrive in real-time and are immediately added to the database.
Articles assess the status and role of indigenous languages in the Americas.
Articles attract a fair range of comments, with responses coming in from all over the globe.
Articles average seven pages and define key terms.
Articles average two pages.
Articles become available two weeks after publication.
Articles become the property of the borrower.
Articles become the property of the requestor.
Articles begin with a definition and presents a concise explanation of the subject.
Articles begin with a list of subject's major ideas.
Articles begin with an abstract.
Articles begin with elementary discussion and go into advanced explanations.
Articles Below are some links to articles about the Hurricane Hunters.
Articles borrowed are to be taken back to their true owners.
Articles can address any aspect of health care delivery or military medical issues.
Articles can address virtually any topic that concerns practitioners.
Articles can also be case studies focusing on the specific strategies or practices of a company.
Articles can also be product evaluations.
Articles can appear in magazines , journals , newspapers, or other sources such as encyclopedias.
Articles can appear in magazines, journals, newspapers or other sources such as encyclopedias.
Articles can appear in magazines, journals, newspapers, or other sources such as encyclopedias.
Articles can be - Regular expression searching in articles and the newsgroup list.
Articles can be a tremendous source of valuable data.
Articles can be any length from a few hundred words upwards.
Articles can be as short as a few sentences or a paragraph, and as long as a few pages.
Articles can be commentaries as well as longer magazine length pieces.
Articles can be complex in other ways, too.
Articles can be e-mailed.
Articles can be fresh, contemporaneous with events.
Articles can be in English or French.
Articles can be in French or English and the bulletin is published separately in both languages.
Articles can be in html format with pictures as either gif's or jpg's.
Articles can be in just about any PC compatible format, even plain text in the email message.
Articles can be in Spanish, English or bi-lingual.
Articles can be in the field of any branch of Zoology.
Articles can be in the form of a feature, clinical article or opinion column.
Articles can be just a note about a planned event to a full page features.
Articles can be longer - please discuss with the editor.
Articles can be of any length.
Articles can be on any subject and written in English or Maltese.
Articles can be on any subject related to the model.
Articles can be on any topic related to adoption or foster care.
Articles can be on any topic related to international relations.
Articles can be on any topic relating to waterskiing.
Articles can be on bird banding, birdwatching, wildlife viewing, etc.
Articles can be original compositions or responses to previous articles.
Articles can be several pages.
Articles can be uploaded.
Articles can contain a brief biography of the author, including contact information.
Articles can cover a wide range of topic, depending on the subject of the index itself.
Articles can cover any topic that is golf related.
Articles can frequently serve as curriculum guides.
Articles can get massaged, edited, changed, butchered and re-written in the process.
Articles can help follow trends of interest or opinion at any given period.
Articles can include nursing philosophy, theory or research methodologies or reports.
Articles can include photographs and links to external web addresses.
Articles can include photos and graphics, and video can be incorporated.
Articles can include program listings, tables, and figures.
Articles can list benefits, both short and long term of a particular type of product or service.
Articles can provoke a very specific readership.
Articles can range from a brief biography to an in-depth interview.
Articles can range from breeding to equine interest stories.
Articles can release very small quantities, e.g., minute or trace amounts of a hazardous chemical.
Articles can, and do, involve each other as well as external content.
Articles capture the French experience, from fine food to fashion.
Articles center on demographic trends but marketing is covered extensively.
Articles center on patient care issues as well as professional practice across multiple disciplines.
Articles change daily.
Articles change every few weeks, and past articles archived.
Articles change monthly.
Articles change often.
Articles change regularly.
Articles change weekly.
Articles Check out the various spins on how search engines seek and select top sites.
Articles cited include a brief summary.
Articles Click the titles below to browse archived articles.
Articles combine sound, creative scholarship with speculative discourse.
Articles come from a variety of sources including journals aimed at the medical profession.
Articles come from a wide variety of people and sources.
Articles come from all branches of the discipline and from all regions of the world.
Articles come from most prominent fields.
Articles come from the base editors or approved article submissions.
Articles come from the U.S., Europe, Asia, Australia and Latin America.
Articles come in a variety of sizes and are easy to use.
Articles come in several sizes.
Articles come in three standard lengths.
Articles come out periodically about the inaccuracies and mistakes of medical tests.
Articles come with photos.
Articles coming online soon, please check back regularly for updates.
Articles compare different processes and materials.
Articles comparing the effectiveness of various compression techniques are fine.
Articles concentrate on practical applications, new developments and solutions to design problems.
Articles concerning new research and treatment are welcome.
Articles concerning privacy issues in recorded information are suitable.
Articles conclude with brief bibliographies on the entry topic.
Articles condoning the recommendation of herbs are acceptable, if above guidelines are met.
Articles consist of original research, case reports, editorials and opinions, and reviews.
Articles consistently represent the most recent scholarship in the field.
Articles contain a bibliography of works.
Articles contain a glossary, bibliography, and illustrations.
Articles contain a lot of practical advice and tips from other folks going off the grid.
Articles contain additional information.
Articles contain all original content and images.
Articles contain an outline, a glossary, cross references, and a bibliography.
Articles contain an outline, a glossary, cross-references, and a bibliography.
Articles contain background information.
Articles contain bibliographical references keyed to the extensive bibliography in the back.
Articles contain bibliographies or references.
Articles contain bibliographies.
Articles contain extensive bibliographies and links to related concepts and web sites.
Articles contain extensive bibliographies.
Articles contain frequent external hyperlinks to other resources.
Articles contain graphics, maps, and bibliographical citations, and can be printed or e-mailed.
Articles contain hyperlinks to cross referenced topics.
Articles contain hypertext links to the relevant legal sources.
Articles contain information.
Articles contain lengthy bibliographies, and the index volume is comprehensive.
Articles contain links to other related articles.
Articles contain links to related news stories and sites related to the article.
Articles contain links to the issue source and many other departments.
Articles contain many pointers to similar and related material.
Articles contain more information.
Articles contain news stories about doings in the art world of interest to kids.
Articles contain original scholarship in a variety of issues related to health.
Articles contain original scholarship on health politics, policy, and law.
Articles contain other useful information.
Articles contain overview of characteristics, biology, ecology and distribution of the taxon.
Articles contain photographic images.
Articles contain photographs.
Articles contain quite a bit of history together with preservation efforts.
Articles contain references to philosophers and schools of thought.
Articles contain statistics of interest to the health insurance industry.
Articles contain the latest advances and results in the subject.
Articles contain thorough bibliographical references.
Articles contain useful information.
Articles contained in the bulletin are in English or French.
Articles containing links have greater value.
Articles containing older statements are more likely to be dated .
Articles containing older statements are more likely to be dated.
Articles contains cross references on related subjects and links to relevant websites and books.
Articles continue to be published in many settings.
Articles cover a broad area of topics on enriching instruction and enhancing learning mathematics.
Articles cover a broad array of subjects of interest to people with lung cancer and their families.
Articles cover a broad range of interests, from methodological as well as ethnographic perspectives.
Articles cover a range of ethics and professionalism topics.
Articles cover a range of issues and subjects related to the defeat of reform.
Articles cover a variety of subjects from organ pedagogy to new organ installations.
Articles cover a variety of topical subjects, interspersed with target language popular music.
Articles cover a wide gamut of issues from debt and bankruptcy to sexual harassment.
Articles cover a wide range of contemporary issues in international and comparative law.
Articles cover a wide range of issues, from phonological variation to language ideology.
Articles cover a wide range of subjects.
Articles cover a wide range of topics and include exercises in everyday Spanish.
Articles cover a wide range of topics and locations.
Articles cover a wide variety of topics related to the causes and consequences of hypertension.
Articles cover activities and methods of each major fishery.
Articles cover all aspects of biochemistry, and cell and molecular biology.
Articles cover all aspects of intellectual capital management.
Articles cover all aspects of linguistics as well as languages and language families.
Articles cover all aspects of the economy.
Articles cover areas of interest from cowboys to wine.
Articles cover aspects including crops, pests and diseases, livestock diseases and food production.
Articles cover banking, equity markets and other financial sectors in the Finnish economy.
Articles cover both traditional methods and internet use.
Articles cover cataloging, selecting and displaying a collection, and the history of coinage.
Articles cover cataloguing, selecting and displaying a collection, and the history of coinage.
Articles cover cloning, the human genome project, and DNA chips, among other topics.
Articles cover constitutional law issues, major cases.
Articles cover current excavations, recent discoveries and special studies of ancient cultures.
Articles cover current issues and concerns of the group as well as various other interest stories.
Articles cover current issues pertinent to Canada's culture, politics, economy, and much more.
Articles cover current issues.
Articles cover current media events for class discussion.
Articles cover destinations, health, shopping, lifestyle and fashion.
Articles cover different aspects of psychology and are written by recognized experts.
Articles cover different levels of geography , from continents to districts of a city .
Articles cover different levels of geography, from continents to districts of a city.
Articles cover electronic rights, etc.
Articles cover everything from biotech to computing to energy to general interest.
Articles cover everything from masturbation to abortion laws to condom use.
Articles cover everything from site design to promotion and marketing.
Articles cover everything from the cost of owning a used car to negotiating a good deal.
Articles cover fabrics, fitting, finishing, sewing supplies, new products, and more.
Articles cover famous crimes, criminals, and crime victims in American history.
Articles cover fashion, beauty, celebrity gossip, fitness, and relationships.
Articles cover flock management, health and related topics.
Articles cover forest communities, equipment, education, government, and environmental issues.
Articles cover general law topics but also include items focused on electronic crime.
Articles cover health care facilities, management, etc.
Articles cover history, government and environment.
Articles cover history, theory, research, philosophy and structure of education.
Articles cover intellectual growth and emotional growth, as well as medical concerns.
Articles cover issues including financing, technology, and franchising.
Articles cover just about all aspects of medical ethics.
Articles cover legal issues of national, regional and international significance relevant to Zambia.
Articles cover legal topics, biography of key figures, historical aspects and specific cases.
Articles cover local, state, and national news and issues from preschool through the twelfth grade.
Articles cover London and the surrounding areas.
Articles cover lots of subjects, especially racing, but perhaps they are a bit too concise.
Articles cover mainstream topics from the perspective of the specific ethnic group.
Articles cover major technological areas, and present information describing each technology.
Articles cover medications, devices, product reviews, research, and advocacy initiatives.
Articles cover new products and technology, trends, case studies and in-depth technical features.
Articles cover new products, company activities and global industry trends.
Articles cover new regulations, tax legislation, finance and governmental issues.
Articles cover news, books, movies, TV, media, politics, digital culture, and modern life.
Articles cover ocean and marine life topices of interest to a general audience.
Articles cover parallel computing, networking and related applications, to initiate discussions.
Articles cover photographing an eclipse and solar eclipse safety.
Articles cover politics and society, usually from a progressive standpoint.
Articles cover preschool, school-age, adult stuttering, cluttering, and neurogenic stuttering.
Articles cover problems facing Israel, the Middle East, and the Jewish community.
Articles cover recent advances in research and clinical areas of orthopedics.
Articles cover recent discoveries and serve as a primer on basic astronomy or astrophysics.
Articles cover recent innovations and therapeutic, diagnostic and treatment products and procedures.
Articles cover sector-specific compliance topics and topics of general interest to small businesses.
Articles cover sexual techniques, relationships, the science of sex, and first-person accounts.
Articles cover smelting and melting through processing and distribution.
Articles cover specific topics in environmental science and engineering at a technical level.
Articles cover subject areas too new, or even too obscure or temporary, to be covered by books.
Articles cover subjects like ideas, innovation, inventions, patents, and licensing.
Articles cover such topics as fashion, sports, food and spirits, relationships, and technology.
Articles cover such topics as striped bass, oysters, soft crabs, seafood safety and pond management.
Articles cover the civilizations of Mexico and Central America.
Articles cover the disciplines that are taught in Water Mountain.
Articles cover the full range of current knowledge about learning and memory.
Articles cover the history of European philosophy.
Articles cover the history of such countries as India, Egypt, Greece, and Rome.
Articles cover the latest objective demographic information from around the world.
Articles cover the most important current issues, Screened for clinical relevence.
Articles cover the time period from prehistoric times to the present.
Articles cover the whole IT spectrum.
Articles cover theory, etiology, therapy, and research methods.
Articles cover theory, etiology, therapy, social impact of illness, and research methods.
Articles cover topics from domestic abuse law to legal ethics.
Articles cover topics from joining associations to time management.
Articles cover topics from retirement and health benefits, to new case decisions and legislation.
Articles cover topics on the writing craft, the industry, and the writing life.
Articles cover topics ranging from electronic commerce to the local impact of a sports stadium.
Articles cover topics such as safe food preparation, caregiving, youth smoking and eye care.
Articles cover topics such as specific asteroids, comets, and galaxies.
Articles cover topics such as technology education research, philosophy, theory, and practice.
Articles cover topics.
Articles cover training, nutrition, services, riding and surfing the web for equestrian sites.
Articles cover various aspects of ancient civilization.
Articles cover various subjects of interest to the prophecy student.
Articles cover vintage cars, toy cars, automobilia, and the way it was.
Articles covering both basic science and clinical topics are welcome.
Articles covering new or developing areas of employee benefits are particularly appropriate.
Articles critically examining published information are also welcome.
Articles culminate in brief bibliographies.
Articles currently seem to get added twice a month.
Articles customarily appear in the year in which they are accepted.
Articles deal fully and frankly with both the distressing and lighter sides of war.
Articles deal fully and frankly with both the distressing and the lighter sides of war.
Articles deal with a wide range of topics from basic to advance technology.
Articles deal with any subject having some bearing on the study of ceratopogonids.
Articles deal with art, architecture, music, literature, and other cultural aspects.
Articles deal with aspects.
Articles deal with biology.
Articles deal with both local Wilmington, NC and national crime.
Articles deal with current topics of interest.
Articles deal with disciplines such as sociology, psychology, health, education, and human rights.
Articles deal with DNA databases, web monitoring, employee privacy.
Articles deal with education policy at all levels and in all nations.
Articles deal with exchanges.
Articles deal with gas exchanges.
Articles deal with gifts and taboos, along with other potential etiquette stumbling blocks.
Articles deal with illnesses, treatments, and doctor-patient relationships.
Articles deal with learning the game, odds, probabilities , dice setting and more.
Articles deal with practical methods and materials for classroom use.
Articles deal with social work issues, legislation, social policy, and planning.
Articles deal with social, political, intellectual history, and literature and bibliography.
Articles deal with solutions to metalworking problems.
Articles deal with subjects.
Articles deal with such themes as evangelism, Bible study and current events.
Articles deal with the legal aspects of communications and media.
Articles deal with theoretical and practical aspects of education for the gifted.
Articles deal with theories.
Articles dealing with both micro and macro aspects of competitiveness are welcome.
Articles define terms, provide overview, discuss applications and context, and include bibliography.
Articles delve into everything from site design and electronic commerce to scientific applications.
Articles delve into the emotional nitty- gritty of daddydom.
Articles demonstrate the linkage between the family and economic systems.
Articles describe a wide variety of alternative therapies.
Articles describe animals, their range, their breeding characteristics and habits.
Articles describe aspects.
Articles describe details.
Articles describe different structures, drug effects, diseases, and the effect of external stimuli.
Articles describe everything from antibodies to enzymes, and genes to viruses.
Articles describe exciting innovations that companies are implementing now.
Articles describe implementation of innovative technologies to meet Naval facility needs.
Articles describe original research and the information is verifiable.
Articles describe ski, float and long distance cross-country flying in the plane.
Articles describe surgical craftsmanship and complications in surgical procedures.
Articles describing computational research are especially welcome.
Articles describing new and exciting research results appear regularly in the media.
Articles describing significant original research comprise the core of the journal.
Articles describing the integration of cognitive psychotherapy with other systems are also welcome.
Articles describing the results are in preparation.
Articles detail skills.
Articles detailing the gaps in the treatment world are equally rare.
Articles disappear quickly and are replaced by newer news.
Articles discuss ability.
Articles discuss aerospace doctrines, strategy, tactics, and related techniques.
Articles discuss applications.
Articles discuss aspects.
Articles discuss characteristics.
Articles discuss choices.
Articles discuss communication on the dance floor.
Articles discuss computer literacy, instructional design, etc.
Articles discuss concepts.
Articles discuss current problemsand issues facing broadcast writers and reporters.
Articles discuss events.
Articles discuss evidence.
Articles discuss general topics, as well as specialized problems or circumstances.
Articles discuss health and safety, books and links and crafts.
Articles discuss health and safety, crafts, books, and a section for parents.
Articles discuss how family drug courts evolved , how they operate and what obstacles they face .
Articles discuss how fast is fast enough, overall site strategies and specific graphic techniques.
Articles discuss issues.
Articles discuss many practical aspects from the viewpoint of Texas law.
Articles discuss military applications.
Articles discuss natural care using botanical and whole food nutrition.
Articles discuss specific stocks, investment strategies and the general economic outlook.
Articles discuss sports, fashion, food, health and numerous other topics of interest to girls.
Articles discuss terms, ideas and individuals, and provide references for further reading.
Articles discuss the changes that have occurred over the past few years.
Articles discuss the choir from Greek times to famous choirs in recent history.
Articles discuss the ethical considerations of issues important to contemporary society.
Articles discuss the nation's problems and concerns with housing segregation and discrimination.
Articles discuss the problem of the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Articles discuss the social, environmental, political and personal aspects of remaining child-free.
Articles discuss their histories, meanings and uses.
Articles discuss theories, methodologies, and the achievements of noted scholars.
Articles discuss vitamins, minerals, supplements, diet, nutrition, and recipes.
Articles discuss voting records and previous elections.
Articles discuss ways.
Articles discuss, vitamins, minerals, supplements, diet, nutrition, and recipes.
Articles discussing the various documents are available, as well as research information.
Articles display an awareness on reporting in a dual perspective from work.
Articles display by the most recent arrival date first.
Articles display in page image format.
Articles do undergo both an editorial and a review process.
Articles draw on international examples, including from the United States.
Articles drawn from larger studies previously published in part in book form are welcome.
Articles drive by that touch and do lions jerseys.
Articles drive by that touch and do sneaker.
Articles eat amid either tip while compare rollerblade gear.
Articles elect via lots grant both sawed peta wilson.
Articles embraces most areas of psychology.
Articles emphasize the application of scientific principles to current practice.
Articles emphasize the context from which the art arose.
Articles emphasize theories and concepts.
Articles encompass archaeological discoveries worldwide.
Articles encompass legislative theory and country-specific empirical research.
Articles encompass reports on pyrotechnic research, reviews and tutorials.
Articles encompass reports on research, reviews, and tutorials.
Articles encourage graceful, audacious and creative responses to life's transitions.
Articles evaluate teaching techniques, classroom materials, and specific programs.
Articles examine current and future use of technology in education.
Articles examine how to infuse technology into curriculum, instruction, and assessment.
Articles examine issues key to the conduct of consumer insurance affairs.
Articles examine relationships of wine and religion, wine and culture.
Articles examine the structure and legal framework of securitization transactions.
Articles examine theories.
Articles examine why mediation is dangerous to women and children in custody disputes.
Articles exist in a fully searchable database.
Articles expire, leaving threads hanging from the middle.
Articles explain complex microbiological terminology and matter in simple terms.
Articles explain concepts.
Articles explain essential facts.
Articles explain facts.
Articles explain features.
Articles explain how U.S. foreign relations developed over time.
Articles explain importance.
Articles explain key concepts.
Articles explain key physiological concepts.
Articles explain life in the UK, all the levels of study, subjects available and where to study.
Articles explain physiological concepts.
Articles explain procedures.
Articles explain scientific concepts.
Articles explain what materials, tools, and procedures are involved.
Articles explain what various parts of the body are supposed to do and how they operate.
Articles explore all aspects of the problem.
Articles explore media coverage and the future of the electoral college.
Articles explore narrower aspects of an issue and require narrower terms.
Articles explore the interconnected issues that affect indigenous and ethnic communities.
Articles explore unanswered questions in science.
Articles explore universal design as it relates to older adults with impaired vision.
Articles expose students immediately to the vocabulary of the discipline.
Articles express the views of their authors.
Articles feature a wide variety of technical and musical columns, new music, and reviews.
Articles feature current on line hot topics.
Articles feature designs by everyday people as well as professional architects and designers.
Articles feature diagrams.
Articles feature engineering coops, students, faculty, and alumni.
Articles feature healing, spirituality and information.
Articles feature information on leisure, disability, community, advocacy and integration.
Articles feature instant links to Internet-based resources.
Articles feature large projects both in the private and public sectors.
Articles feature members, job listings, new ideas, helpful hints, association news and more.
Articles feature musicians and the latest trends in music and night life.
Articles feature photos, images and traditional stories.
Articles feature pictures, flags, maps, sounds, cross- references, and links to related Web sites.
Articles feature topics ranging from specific locales to basic travel advice.
Articles feature upcoming events and shows, and hard to find parts.
Articles featured are from saints of the past as well as the present.
Articles Feel like adding something interesting.
Articles Find and read articles.
Articles Find articles for developers and testers about accessibility issues.
Articles Find articles written by wedding industry experts.
Articles Find out what magazines, newspapers and entertainment sites are saying about South Park.
Articles Find out what's going on in the music biz.
Articles Find people.
Articles Find tips on how to spend within reason.
Articles flow smoothly in consecutive pages, without being interrupted by advertising.
Articles focus more on ideas or concepts than on reporting news.
Articles focus on active buyers and lenders.
Articles focus on business and organization strategies from both company and producer perspectives.
Articles focus on care throughout the healthcare continuum.
Articles focus on clinical practices, public policy, and professional issues.
Articles focus on consumption.
Articles focus on cultural and social events, political figures, and Jamaican eye icons.
Articles focus on empirical research and theoretical analyses.
Articles focus on examples.
Articles focus on faculty and staff who are integrating technology in the classroom.
Articles focus on firearms, wardrobe, holsters, knives and a long list of authentic product reviews.
Articles focus on foundation grants, federal grants and grantwriting resources.
Articles focus on higher education and technology issues for faculty and the classroom.
Articles focus on history, education, politics, employment, and analysis of news.
Articles focus on how to write effective sales letters, ads, and persuasive advertising offers.
Articles focus on human communication and interaction in online environments.
Articles focus on interesting people, interesting activities and interesting concepts.
Articles focus on international efforts, issues, animal behaviors and successes.
Articles focus on international environmental issues and sustainable development.
Articles focus on medical topics most likely affect the average person.
Articles focus on military tactics, strategy, wartime leaders and famous campaigns.
Articles focus on mistreatment of patients and raise questions of scientific integrity.
Articles focus on money laundering intelligence on-line and virtual banks.
Articles focus on municipal issues and local, social news.
Articles focus on music and dance as well as food, garb, and local customs.
Articles focus on reading projects and perspectives of teachers in Saskatchewan.
Articles focus on relational, spiritual, emotional issues of living with a chronic condition.
Articles focus on research, conservation and current animal events.
Articles focus on sharing knowledge and experiences of business colleagues.
Articles focus on subjects like marketing, bootstrapping and homework.
Articles focus on technology education research, philosophy, and theory.
Articles focus on technology education research, philosophy, theory, or practice.
Articles focus on technology education, research, philosophy, theory, and practice.
Articles focus on technology, education research, philosophy, and theory.
Articles focus on the finances and economic benefits of education.
Articles focus on the genetics of heart disease, heart disorders, and pregnancy and heart disease.
Articles focus on the myths and legends of the age, and also discuss major medieval traditions.
Articles focus on the psychology and neuroscience of the subject in a single volume.
Articles focus on the use of computers in education.
Articles focus on timely topics in diabetes health care.
Articles focus on topical issues of special interest to educators.
Articles focus on typical news events and marketing.
Articles focus on why and what foods are healthy.
Articles focus on women's lives and work, civil liberties and human rights issues.
Articles focusing on current issues in sport are certainly appropriate.
Articles focusing on current issues in sport coaching are certainly appropriate.
Articles Following are a number of relevant articles on the Mediterranean.
Articles Following is a sample of some articles written for various magazines and publications.
Articles generally appear first in the electronic edition.
Articles generally are scholarly, and brief bibliographies are included.
Articles generally focus on a particular event, change, person, phenomenon, or idea.
Articles generally run two to five pages.
Articles Get the facts about guns aggression.
Articles Get the facts on standardized tests and whether school uniforms are a good fit.
Articles give advice on every aspect of wedding planning.
Articles give description, life history, fossil record, and relationships with man.
Articles give descriptions.
Articles give explanations.
Articles give information.
Articles give instruction.
Articles give overviews.
Articles give practical information to people in an industry.
Articles give practical tips and humorous insights into the childless lifestyle.
Articles give students a framework for military service by U.S. soldiers in South Korea.
Articles give suggested references for further reading.
Articles give tips.
Articles giving short definitions and cross-references make it easy to obtain information quickly.
Articles giving travel tips are popular among site visitors.
Articles go missing all the time for a variety of mundane technical reasons.
Articles go out for review to three appropriate scholars.
Articles go through a careful blind review process.
Articles going back several years are available.
Articles has as it's basis, consistency.
Articles have (part) sections.
Articles have a bright new lucidity, and the search-results pages are clear.
Articles have a British or American slant and there are German translations of the trickier words.
Articles have a clearly defined author or authors.
Articles have a menu of links and added features at the right of the article.
Articles have a printed version.
Articles have abstracts in English and French.
Articles have bibliographies and are written by different authors.
Articles have bibliographies.
Articles have brief bibliographies.
Articles have common themes.
Articles have cross references and brief bibliographies.
Articles have cross references and resources for further reading.
Articles have enough information.
Articles have extensive bibliographies.
Articles have few different pages.
Articles have good references.
Articles have histories, uses and meanings.
Articles have hyperlinks to artists, terms, and ideas.
Articles have information.
Articles have lengthy bibliographies.
Articles have links back to articles in previous editions.
Articles have links to media contents and selected websites.
Articles have links to other sites.
Articles have links to referenced publications.
Articles have lists of authors' works and some suggested titles for further reading.
Articles have neither an abstract nor a bibliography.
Articles have no specific length limitation.
Articles have other purposes.
Articles have pages.
Articles have purposes.
Articles have reference lists and links to selected external sites.
Articles have requirements.
Articles have specific diet requirements.
Articles have specific requirements.
Articles have themes.
Articles have to be in on time to meet the next issue of the paper.
Articles have to be purchased.
Articles have to be removed from the asynch buffer sooner or later.
Articles have to be submitted with pictures to highlight the text.
Articles have to be written in newspapers and magazines.
Articles have to start somewhere.
Articles have useful bibliographies.
Articles Help from other parents and professionals.
Articles helps explain the traumatization process from the perspective of trauma workers.
Articles Here are a few of the stories that have recently appeared in the press . . .
Articles Here are Articles of interest.
Articles here focus on laws and regulations, workplace education, employee communications and more.
Articles Here is our network- wide collection of articles.
Articles here look at migration from many different perspectives.
Articles here provide more detailed information about a given topic.
Articles highlight actual cooperative learning strategies in a variety of disciplines.
Articles highlight how textile technologies interfaced with social phenomena.
Articles highlight issues.
Articles highlight new law changes with appropriate forms on that page paired with filing tips.
Articles highlight several issues.
Articles however Money intending lots account via that social medical information sites.
Articles Identify the audience for the piece in terms of interest and expertise.
Articles illustrate problems.
Articles illustrate reproduction.
Articles include information.
Articles include lists.
Articles include references.
Articles include statements.
Articles include topics.
Articles include useful references.
Articles incorporate recent feminist research.
Articles indexed are from selected serials.
Articles indexed are in English and other European languages.
Articles indexed are in European languages as well as in English.
Articles indexed are in many languages including English and Spanish.
Articles indexed include state and local news.
Articles inform, persuade and entertain readers.
Articles inform, recognize, spark enthusiasm, and keep technology on the mind.
Articles informed by theory are welcome.
Articles introduce concepts and provide references and further readings.
Articles is a collection of articles related to environmentally sensitive design and building.
Articles is a growing collection of writings designed to inspire, help, and educate.
Articles is a list of articles on distributed computing.
Articles Join the survey.
Articles Just complete the following form.
Articles Keep checking back for new information.
Articles lack bibliographies or references.
Articles Learn about breeding, kidding, diseases and more.
Articles Learn about grades in preschool.
Articles left in the car are at the owner's risk.
Articles left on library premises are at the owner's risk.
Articles Let's first look at an entry for a newspaper article.
Articles lift up leadership skills, organizational knowledge, resources, trends, and news.
Articles link .
Articles link is most interesting .
Articles link to associated press events and other Web sites.
Articles listed below without reference are preprints.
Articles listed in red are available to read online.
Articles listed on the right and below with gold bullets are available to Non-members.
Articles look at clamping, workholding in the future, and more.
Articles look at technology, market trends, management issues, safety, and corporate profiles.
Articles look like email between users.
Articles look to lots lie though manage good housekeeping.
Articles look to lots lie though manage los angeles dodgers.
Articles made of birch bark are absolutely ecologically safe.
Articles made of porous aluminum alloys are equally porous throughout.
Articles Make sure to read some of the articles that are posted here.
Articles make use of graphics and video.
Articles making a contribution to any aspect of higher education are welcome.
Articles manifest an acute ecumenical sensitivity.
Articles marked by are major udates.
Articles marked in blue colour are properties of the respective owners.
Articles marked with mark are available for everybody.
Articles meeting the above criterion represent a potential health hazard.
Articles need sources.
Articles normally have a maximum finished length of ten pages, including figures and tables.
Articles normally range from ten to twenty-five pages in typescript.
Articles Note the sequence of volume number, year of publication, and page references.
Articles obtained through other institutions occasionally have charges.
Articles offer advice.
Articles offer descriptions.
Articles offer extension information, plus general industry updates.
Articles offer in-depth descriptions of regional dining, scenery, personalities and lifestyles.
Articles offer insight.
Articles offer practical advice.
Articles offer scholarship related information and listings of supplemental resources.
Articles offer tips on decorating, receptions, gowns and current trends.
Articles originate from newspapers, magazines, journals and government documents.
Articles originate in Missouri, Minnesota, Iowa, Oklahoma, Colorado and other states.
Articles ought to make a substantial empirical or theoretical contribution.
Articles outline basic lawn care principles.
Articles outline basic principles.
Articles outline details.
Articles outline facts.
Articles outline interest facts.
Articles outline lawn care principles.
Articles outline principles.
Articles outline the historical development and discuss the uses of their terms and concepts.
Articles pertaining to profanity seem to be inconsistent.
Articles points to databases that are relevant to the assignment.
Articles precede the list of books.
Articles prepared by presenters are available to read in advance of their presentations.
Articles present a good overview of profressional activities in various types of law libraries.
Articles present a Roman Catholic orthodox point of view.
Articles present lists.
Articles present overviews.
Articles present problems.
Articles present results.
Articles presenting theoretical, historical and comparative perspectives are especially welcome.
Articles print out nicely.
Articles printed in the journal are the result of member's research.
Articles provide a broad overview of a topic.
Articles provide a historical or nostalgic perspective.
Articles provide additional details.
Articles provide additional information.
Articles provide additional information.
Articles provide advice and guidance.
Articles provide an introduction to the work of African American writers.
Articles provide an overview of the issue followed by discussion of past research.
Articles provide both historical and contemporary information.
Articles provide characteristics.
Articles provide citations to statutes, court decisions, and regulations.
Articles provide decorate tips.
Articles provide descriptions.
Articles provide detailed information on the topic.
Articles provide details.
Articles provide essential information.
Articles provide features.
Articles provide guidelines.
Articles provide indepth analysis of many aspects of education.
Articles provide in-depth examples concerning technical applications to the manufacturing process.
Articles provide indexes.
Articles provide information.
Articles provide insight.
Articles provide insights into collecting.
Articles provide knowledge.
Articles provide links to the researchers and to related resources and research.
Articles provide many activities, suggestions etc.
Articles provide methods.
Articles provide more details.
Articles provide more information.
Articles provide much greater exposure to a larger audience than most ads.
Articles provide opportunity.
Articles provide overviews.
Articles provide science content knowledge.
Articles provide simple guidelines.
Articles provide some basic information about the noun they modify.
Articles provide specialized or focused information on one aspect of a topic.
Articles provide students with examples of writing in the discipline.
Articles provide tips.
Articles provide updates on newly occuring outbreaks, and serve as a resource for policy makers.
Articles provide valuable tips.
Articles provide vital information.
Articles provided online are for personal use only.
Articles provides links to a large number of articles from a wide variety of sources.
Articles provides research and theory about technology in the classroom.
Articles published are practical, technical and experiential.
Articles published in law journals as well as essays published in books are eligible.
Articles published in Space and Culture are refereed.
Articles published online include live links.
Articles published within the past two weeks are free.
Articles question safety of dietary supplements.
Articles range from agricultural economics to practical farming and gardening techniques.
Articles range from analyses of innovations to evaluation and research in agricultural education.
Articles range from brief abstracts of individual documents to transcriptions of entire files.
Articles range from brief definitions to extensive overviews.
Articles range from brief to monographic in length.
Articles range from chronological overviews to specific areas of interest.
Articles range from current museum events to scholarly historical research.
Articles range from discussions of piano teaching techniques to recommendations of our favorite CDs.
Articles range from employment management and law to environmental and health concerns.
Articles range from general interest to highly scientific.
Articles range from health to simplicity to editorials to essays.
Articles range from historical perspective to the latest trends in design and technology.
Articles range from interviews with sight program recipients to changing eye bank regulations.
Articles range from introductory marketing to branding on the web.
Articles range from joke items to hardcore computer parts.
Articles range from jokes to home decor.
Articles range from long to short, are well illustrated and include bibliographies.
Articles range from movie reviews to sports to current school and community events.
Articles range from newborn through late teens.
Articles range from novice to expert skill levels.
Articles range from office politics, to motivation, to fear.
Articles range from original field research reports to overviews of literature.
Articles range from picking out an engagement ring to sexually transmitted diseases.
Articles range from product announcements to industry news to in-depth application feature stories.
Articles range from serious reviews of clinical topics, to amusing vignettes from the wards.
Articles range from serious to humorous, controversial to informative.
Articles range from small bowls to large dining tables.
Articles range from special ed to government encroachment on our homeschooling.
Articles range from style to health matters.
Articles range from the political to the gastronomical, so check 'em out.
Articles range from very brief to monographic in length.
Articles range from whether it pays to be a working mom to learning about low-fat diets and recipes.
Articles range greatly in quality, from very good articles to candidates for quick deletion.
Articles range in length from a few pages to over thirty pages.
Articles range in length from a half page to several pages.
Articles range in length from several hundred to five thousand words.
Articles range in size from one paragraph to several pages.
Articles range in topics from wet-bulb temperature to climate norms.
Articles ranges from global trade to governments and education around the globe.
Articles Read a current article by choosing one from the list below.
Articles Read about home improvement, products, projects, tools, and woodworking.
Articles Read about the latest wedding trends in the Washington area.
Articles read and abstracted on positive rays, reprints, notes and letters.
Articles Read numerous articles from newspapers to magazines.
Articles Read on . . .
Articles Read our articles on statistics.
Articles Read our in-depth reports.
Articles Read some great articles on all aspects of teaching English.
Articles Read some of our clients and tour guides experiences.
Articles Read testimonies and other tidbits from others who have gone on a missions trip.
Articles Read the latest articles and technical papers.
Articles Read through some of the numerous articles written on the achievements of our company.
Articles Read what the locals have to say.
Articles refer to one item or one pair, or, in the case of ensembles, one package.
Articles referencing the show are on topic.
Articles referring to print references take much longer for verfication.
Articles reflect a variety of methodologies.
Articles reflect approaches that blend theory with practice.
Articles reflect concern for ecclesial implications of theological issues.
Articles reflect issues from both urbanles reflect issues from both urban and rural areas.
Articles reflect the wide variety of botanical interests of our membership.
Articles regarding regional systems of trauma care and techniques of resuscitation are welcome.
Articles regularly cover network architecture, software, and management.
Articles relate the history and development of ideas and movements in all areas of criminal justice.
Articles relate to acting, directing, methodology and design theory and criticism.
Articles relate to the current U.S. health system and the large U.S. uninsured population.
Articles relate to the town's history.
Articles related to all facts of caving are welcome.
Articles related to specific industries are acceptable.
Articles relating to members' particular interests in astronomy are most welcome.
Articles remain listed at the NBCi site for several days.
Articles remain live for as long as they are timely.
Articles remain the intellectual property of the authors.
Articles remain the property of the author.
Articles remain the property of the writer.
Articles report data.
Articles report on topics of general interest.
Articles report results of scholarly study.
Articles report scientific developments in language that students can grasp.
Articles reporting animal models relevant to human biology or disease are also welcome.
Articles represent original research results.
Articles represent the author's opinion only.
Articles represent the opinion of the authors.
Articles represent the views of the individual writer only.
Articles reproduced here are for academic and discussion purposes.
Articles require subscription.
Articles resist Truth beyond autumn amid many easy chair but looking unto no village.
Articles resulting from the contributions of several authors pose a particular difficulty.
Articles reveal what's wrong in the System.
Articles review characteristics.
Articles review global parrot issues and progress in parrot conservation.
Articles run about two to three thousand words.
Articles run the gamut from inspirational to technical.
Articles say facts.
Articles search at the electronic summaries databases.
Articles See what others have to say on the issue and view the latest studies.
Articles seem to be principally theoretical.
Articles seem to presume some familiarity with adobe techniques.
Articles sent by parcel post require customs forms declaring contents and value.
Articles sent for publication can include tables, schemes or maps in black and white.
Articles sent to the newsgroup are viewable by anyone subscribed to the newsgroup.
Articles serve as excellent guides for all parents on discussing diversity, values, and sexuality.
Articles shed light.
Articles shed natural light.
Articles show examples.
Articles show images.
Articles show problems.
Articles show topics.
Articles showing applications of mathematics, which can be taught, are very welcome.
Articles shows the number of articles published in the year of coverage.
Articles Sign up for our newsletter.
Articles Sign up to receive our free newsletter.
Articles signed by name are in full responsibility of the respective author.
Articles sound like way to much work.
Articles span a broad chronological range, from prehistoric through historical periods.
Articles spotlight the manufacturers, the pilots, the new technology, the airports and the airways.
Articles stay on the disk until it's overwritten by another article.
Articles strive to highlight the interdisciplinary nature of philosophy, psychology and sociology.
Articles submitted and accepted are subject to editing for spelling and grammar.
Articles submitted and accepted are subject to editing for spelling and grammer.
Articles submitted are original and the results are thoroughly demonstrated.
Articles submitted by members are informative, entertaining, technical and sometimes controversial.
Articles submitted by non-Friends are welcome.
Articles submitted by parents and accepted for publication earn one work-off hour credit.
Articles submitted from outside sources are welcome.
Articles summarize and interpret important research on the topics under discussion.
Articles summarize characteristics.
Articles summarize litigated road design, traffic control, and construction zone cases.
Articles sur la faune et la fore souterraines sur le web.
Articles tackle the standard-issue college magazine topics such as school, love and partying.
Articles take one of several approaches.
Articles take the form of essays, opinion pieces, interviews, human rights updates and book reviews.
Articles take the form of simple, readable text.
Articles tap the strengths of professional writers and travelers alike.
Articles tend to be brief with no references listed or credentials of the author given.
Articles tend to be detailed with references listed and credentials of the author given.
Articles tend to be found in sections dealing with medical malpractice.
Articles tend to be less technical and written for management-level readers.
Articles tend to be long, well-researched, and accompanied by beautiful photography.
Articles tend to be more researched.
Articles tend to be operational rather than strategic, so the service is somewhat imbalanced.
Articles tend to be short and magazine-style rather than research reports.
Articles tend to be short and written in layman's terms - no subject expertise is assumed.
Articles tend to be very informal in style.
Articles tend to be very technical in nature.
Articles tend to be very technical.
Articles then undergo a thorough technical and substantive review.
Articles There are many bridges to a better life.
Articles touch a wide range of subject areas.
Articles touch on ethical issues, legitimacy issues and the various concepts of culture.
Articles treat individual black publications and each of the historically black colleges.
Articles treat policy issues of topical interest and aim at promoting broad discussion.
Articles treat such issues as property and monetary reform and the transition to market economics.
Articles typically contain links back to the reporting institution.
Articles typically require revision by the authors prior to acceptance for publication.
Articles typically take up to a week to arrive, so plan ahead.
Articles undergo a rigorous review process prior to publication.
Articles undergo peer review.
Articles use jargon of the discipline.
Articles use small print and minimal graphics.
Articles use sophisticated language that educated people can easily understand.
Articles use specialized jargon of the discipline.
Articles use the jargon of the discipline.
Articles used as features in ties take many forms.
Articles vary from beginner to pro.
Articles vary from family issues to politics.
Articles vary greatly in quality and length, with a few having excellent graphics.
Articles vary in coverage, but all include a short list of works and a brief bibliography.
Articles vary in length and no bibliographies are provided.
Articles vary in length based on the person's importance and available material.
Articles vary in length depending on subject and cover all aspects of Russian literature.
Articles vary in length from a few lines to several pages and are generally scholarly.
Articles vary in length on prominent individuals and issues.
Articles vary in length, averaging six pages and including substantial bibliographies.
Articles vary in length.
Articles vary in scope but all include a short list of works and a brief bibliography.
Articles vary with each issue.
Articles walk unto all opposite if bend catalina yachts.
Articles weigh whether to stay local or go away, and whether to take time off before college.
Articles Welcome to our Articles collection.
Articles Welcome to our articles section.
Articles Welcome to our series of articles written especially for the small business owner.
Articles Welcome to the articles section.
Articles Welcome to the new section.
Articles Welcome to the next step in praise and worship.
Articles Write the four articles.
Articles written about leadership usually contain a list of attributes that make a good leader.
Articles written for a local audience are now available to a global public.
Articles frequently contain cross-links and provide access to related stories.
Articles frequently develop policy recommendations from their findings.
Articles frequently explore the connection between school management and school reform issues.
Articles frequently focus on how to do a job better.
Articles often address the relationship between farming practices and water quality.
Articles often address very specific aspects of a topic.
Articles often appear in periodicals before they are published as books or parts of books.
Articles often are marketing-oriented and can include links to web sites.
Articles often arrive within a few days.
Articles often carry contrasting views.
Articles often contain numerous photos and diagrams to assist in the understanding of a topic.
Articles often contain references to additional materials.
Articles often continue over multiple pages.
Articles often describe several experiments.
Articles often end with links to related material.
Articles often focus on reader requests.
Articles often have a provocativ e editorial slant.
Articles often have numerous photographs.
Articles often provide a synthesis or summary of current research.
Articles often provide bill, report, and public law numbers.
Articles often strive to end optimistically.
Articles often take a definite editorial stance and almost never carry a byline .
Articles often take a humorous slant.
Articles often touch on assistive technology and accessibility.
Articles sometimes begin with a footnote affirming that authorship is indeed equal.
Articles usually appear about six months after they have been submitted.
Articles usually appear in print within six months of acceptance.
Articles usually arrive more quickly than book materials.
Articles usually arrive within a few days.
Articles usually arrive within five to seven working days.
Articles usually comment on image quality, price, speed, usability and software bundles.
Articles usually contain a photograph.
Articles usually cover the recent developments in an area.
Articles usually cover two pages, with at least one photo or diagram.
Articles usually discuss a narrow aspect of a subject.
Articles usually have a narrow subject focus.
Articles usually report original scholarly research.
Articles usually take about ten working days to arrive.
All article are searchable from inside the support area.
All articles accepted are subject to nonsubstantive editing.
All articles appear in full text and can be printed at no cost.
All articles appear in peer-reviewed journals or proceedings unless otherwise noted.
All articles appear with dates of submission and final acceptance.
All articles appearing in the journal are double-blind refereed.
All articles are a work of fiction, solely for entertainment and satirical purposes.
ALL articles are accessable Online in pdf format, free of charge to print edition subscribers.
All articles are accessible online.
All articles are also available as offprints.
All articles are also available online.
All articles are available as dvi files.
All articles are available as full-text images.
All articles are available as pdf files.
All articles are available for free viewing.
All articles are available for immediate retrieval from autoresponders.
All articles are available for reprint upon request.
All articles are available for viewing online.
All articles are available free of charge.
All articles are available free online at the URL above.
All articles are available free online.
All articles are available from the campus store as a course packet.
All articles are available full text.
All articles are available full-text.
All articles are available here in both spanish and english.
All articles are available in .pdf formate.
All articles are available in Adobe Acrobat format.
All articles are available in full-text.
All articles are available in Full-text.
All articles are available in their full-text version.
All articles are available on an individual basis.
All articles are available on-line through electronic databases.
All articles are available online, free.
All articles are available online.
All articles are available via auto responders, so they are easy to get and they arrive quickly.
All articles are blind reviewed.
All articles are careful archived for future reference.
All articles are clearly relevant to management theory and practice.
All articles are copyrighted property of their respective authors.
All articles are copyrights of respective authors.
All articles are copywritten.
All articles are cross referenced with other pages within our site for ease of navigation.
All articles are current as of date of publication.
All articles are currently available for download in our web page.
All articles are double-blind peer reviewed.
All articles are double-blind refereed by specialists in the subjects with which they deal.
All articles are double-blind refereed.
All articles are downloadable.
All articles are due in the morning, please.
All articles are extensively cross-referenced.
All articles are fake.
All articles are for non-profit, recreational use only, of players and gamemasters alike.
All articles are freely available on reenactor websites across the net.
All articles are freely available on the web.
All articles are fresh.
All articles are from a teen's point of view.
All articles are from the Northern Star unless otherwise noted.
All articles are full indexed for easy retrieval.
All articles are full indexed.
All articles are full text .
All articles are full text.
All articles are full-text and come from a variety of magazines and newspapers.
All articles are full-text.
ALL articles are full-text.
All articles are fully peer reviewed.
All articles are geek-free.
All articles are handmade and unique.
All articles are hyper-linked please click on a topic to read the article.
All articles are in .pdf format.
All articles are in .PDF format.
All articles are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All articles are in Adobe Acrobat pdf file format.
All articles are in Arabic.
All articles are in both English and French, and are beautifully illustrated.
All articles are in English or have been translated into English and most contain the full text.
All articles are in English.
All articles are in finnish.
All articles are in full text.
All articles are in German unless stated otherwise.
All articles are in order by date.
All articles are in PDF-format.
All articles are in printable format without extra design or graphics.
All articles are made freely available in the Duke Law Scholarship Repository .
All articles are on assignment only.
All articles are on deceased individuals.
All articles are on one page for quick glancing.
All articles are on reserve at the library.
All articles are online.
All articles are original and are found nowhere else.
All articles are original and exclusive to the Herald.
All articles are original articles written by the contributors themselves.
All articles are original research and peer-reviewed.
All articles are peer-reviewed and rigorously edited before they are added to the database.
All articles are peer-reviewed by an editorial committee of external readers.
All articles are peer-reviewed by professionals working in the appropriate field.
All articles are peer-reviewed by qualified, independent reviewers.
All articles are peer-reviewed by the editorial board of the respective journal.
All articles are peer-reviewed by three or more referees.
All articles are peer-reviewed to provide the highest consistent quality and scientific content.
All articles are peer-reviewed.
All articles are permanently available, archived and updated when relevant information is received.
All articles are readable on line.
All articles are refereed.
All articles are searchable and well organized.
All articles are searchable by title, author, abstract, and key words.
All articles are searchable by title, keyword and author.
All articles are single-authored, except where noted.
All articles are strong opinionated and well thought out.
All articles are subject to a blind review process.
All articles are subject to acceptance and editing on an individual basis. .
All articles are subject to approval by the editor.
All articles are subject to changes.
All articles are subject to edit for grammar, spelling, consistency and editorial policy.
All articles are subject to edit for length.
All articles are subject to editing and abridgment.
All articles are subject to editing and approval by the editorial committee.
All articles are subject to editing as needed.
All articles are subject to editing for content and space limitations.
All articles are subject to editing for grammar, style, punctuation, and space limitations.
All articles are subject to editing for length, style, and content.
All articles are subject to editing for spelling, grammar and length.
All articles are subject to editing for spelling, syntax, and grammar.
All articles are subject to editing for style and content.
All articles are subject to editing for style, clarity and length.
All articles are subject to editing to meet space limitations.
All articles are subject to editing.
All articles are subject to editorial changes in text and layout design.
All articles are subject to editorial review and approval.
All articles are subject to editorial revision.
All articles are subject to evaluation by qualified referees.
All articles are subject to internal edit.
All articles are subject to peer review.
All articles are subject to peer-review before publication.
All articles are subject to peer-review by the editorial board.
All articles are subject to refereeing.
All articles are subject to review before acceptance.
All articles are subject to review by experienced referees.
All articles are subject to review.
All articles are subject to SCPA approval.
All articles are subject to search.
All articles are subject to staff approval.
All articles are subject to vigorous editing.
All articles are superior in comfort and durability.
All articles are text only.
All articles are the copyrighted property of the authors.
All articles are the opinion of the author.
All articles are the property of Garden Forever.
All articles are the property of SoapFanMag.
All articles are the property of the authors.
All articles are the property of the individual authors.
All articles are the property of their respective owners.
All articles are the sole property of their respective writers and artists.
All articles are the views of their expressed authors.
All articles are the work of student journalists.
All articles are the work of the individual authors.
All articles are to be original works.
All articles are to be prepared in newpaper format.
All articles are to be submitted double-spaced, hard copy.
All articles are true and from the past.
All articles are up for sale.
All articles are updated and changes regularly.
All articles are welcome.
All articles are well researched and written.
All articles are works of fiction.
All articles are written from a conservative point of view dominant in the United States of America.
All articles below are about dinosaurs.
All articles below are available for viewing.
All articles come from a completly unbiased point of view.
All articles contain bibliographies .
All articles contain bibliographies and there are some graphs and statistical data included.
All articles contain bibliographies.
All articles contain full citations and footnotes.
All articles contain links to important events and relevant information.
All articles contain references to other articles.
All articles contain the first term.
All articles contained here are available FREE via autoresponder.
All articles copywritten by the original writers.
All articles deal with a similar problem area, but give to some extent different answers.
All articles deal with the laws of Ontario and Canada as applied in Ontario.
All articles display at the top the title, author, and date the article was posted to our database.
All articles express the personal opinions of the author.
All articles fall under the site-wide 'Content disclaimer'.
All articles go through an editing process for clarity, style and length.
All articles go to reviewers anonymously.
All articles have a much better chance of being published if they're accompanied by good photos.
All articles have a normal guarantee period.
All articles have abstracts.
All articles have an author contact and feedback to the authors is welcomed and encouraged.
All articles have an English summary.
All articles have an extensive bibliography.
All articles have complete bibliographic citations.
All articles have copyrights retained by their author.
All articles have English summaries, figure legends and key words.
All articles have extensive references.
All articles have free access, and they contain photos and real audio.
All articles have HTML full text online, though no images are included.
All articles have solid theoretical underpinnings and are based on original research.
All articles have the option to view on line or download.
All articles have the yellow apple icon to the right of the title.
All articles have to follow Islamic moral behavior rules.
All articles have very good bibliographies, using both print and Web resources.
All articles indexed are in English.
All articles lead directly or indirectly to the sale of one of the products.
All articles linked to below are for informational purposes only.
All articles listed are available full-text and can be printed or emailed.
All articles listed are free to access for non-profit making purposes.
All articles listed are the property of the newspaper they came from.
All articles listed here are available for download in portable document format.
All articles meet the highest standards of intellectual rigour.
All articles now have within-article contents with links to individual sections.
All articles originate in Boston.
All articles pertaining to some aspect of the visual arts are welcome.
All articles posted are the property of the writer.
All articles posted on the website are of course FREE .
All articles presented here are with permission.
All articles printer friendly.
All articles provide complete bibliographic references.
All articles published here are with the knowledge and consent of the original authors.
All articles published herein are for informational purposes only.
All articles reflect the opinions of the writers.
All articles relate to Civil War battles, personalities, events or places.
All articles relate to the Christian products industry, without exception.
All articles relate to the cosmetic business or etailing.
All articles retain the rights of their corresponding authors.
All articles retrieved are full-text and can be downloaded or printed for free.
All articles sent to the list are be in English.
All articles submitted are subject to a grammatical and content review.
All articles submitted are subject to editing for style and length.
All articles submitted are subject to the usual academic processes of anonymous peer review.
All articles submitted for publication are subject to peer review.
All articles submitted for the journal are subject to a refereeing procedure.
All articles suggest audio programs to further education in the area of the article.
All articles undergo peer review before publication, and appear in both English and German.
All articles use an integrated comments system to allow for user and author interaction.
Any article is selected and random.
Any article is welcome.
Any article posted in a discussion can optionally have a file attached to it.
Any article taken from a professional journal is acceptable for review.
Any articles found in connection with the commission of the offence are liable to forfeiture.
Every article carries a touch of Swedish traditions and a guarantee of high quality.
Every article comes with a resource box attached at the end of it.
Every article contains a test and reading level as well as a subject categorization.
Every article contains a warning about the hazards of working on electronic equipment.
Every article contains an assessment and reading level as well as a subject category.
Every article contains links to other articles within that category on the left hand side.
Every article deals in some way with derivatives or people involved in derivatives.
Every article ends off with a series of dot commands in precise order.
Every article ends with a feedback form.
Every article has a bibliography or list of suggested further reading.
Every article has a biological message.
Every article has a brief description and a price.
Every article has a purpose or a main research question to guide it.
Every article has a talk page where people can talk about the news in the article .
Every article has a talk page where people can talk about the news in the article.
Every article has a talk page.
Every article has a title and usually a sub-heading.
Every article has a title.
Every article has references appended for further information.
Every article has to fit a specific fashion.
Every article has yesterday's date.
Every article includes a bibliography citing scientific texts and journals.
Every article includes current salary, educational requirements and outlook.
Every article is a picturesque painting.
Every article is accompanied by a commentary that further develops each one.
Every article is blind reviewed by a panel of international scholars and editors.
Every article is bolstered by key tables and graphs.
Every article is chosen by hand as rare and authentic works of art.
Every article is complete with all photos, sketches, etc.
Every article is full-text.
Every article is helpful to someone with the condition.
Every article is indexed and it includes many music journals.
Every article is indexed.
Every article is sold online through secure server with worldwide delivery.
Every article is stored in the database.
Every article is subject to editing for length and syntax.
Every article is well researched and is accompanied by an extensive list of references.
Every article is well-chosen, informative, thoughtful, and a guide to further reading.
Every article is worth reading.
Every article is written by an experienced academic leader.
Every article is written expressly for flutists.
Every article makes fun of important things happening in the news.
Every article makes that connection.
Every article needs a beginning, a middle and an end.
Every article presents different challenges.
Every article starts off with a series of dot commands in precise order.
Every article starts with a customer or group of customers.
Every article yields a new flower of gardening excitement.
Every articles look interesting.
Many article are unsigned or have author name at end of entry.
Many articles abot open system.
Many articles address current issues in America and the world.
Many articles address various ecological issues.
Many articles allow for the reader to respond, with responses being attached to the articles on-Web.
Many articles also appear in Spanish.
Many articles also come with graphics such as charts, maps, diagrams, and drawings.
Many articles also cover the English origins of New England immigrants.
Many articles also have buttons for related periodical articles and Web sites.
Many articles appear electronically several weeks before their appearance in print.
Many articles appear in full text.
Many articles appear in the most prestigious journal in the United States.
Many articles appear to ignore major case issues, such as the process of enquiry.
Many articles appear, but most are news briefs.
Many articles are a blend of logical and persuasive methods.
Many articles are about cancer and are remarkably useful.
Many articles are about new technologies, few are about histrical telephones.
Many articles are also available in full-text.
Many articles are also available in print.
Many articles are also available online in full text.
Many articles are also of interest to teachers of chemistry.
Many articles are available for free online.
Many articles are available for free, and the others for a small fee.
Many articles are available for free, with additional resources made available to subscribers.
Many articles are available for free.
Many articles are available for instant viewing online, and citation help is included, as well.
Many articles are available full text online.
Many articles are available full text with images.
Many articles are available full text.
Many articles are available full-text .
Many articles are available full-text and can be printed directly from the database.
Many articles are available full-text on the computer.
Many articles are available full-text through the databases listed above or through our collection.
Many articles are available full-text.
Many articles are available in full text .
Many articles are available in full text form.
Many articles are available in full text in the online databases.
Many articles are available in full text on the computer.
Many articles are available in full text right off the computer.
Many articles are available in full text, and online classifieds in the field are posted.
Many articles are available in full text.
Many articles are available in full-text and full image format.
Many articles are available in full-text format.
Many articles are available in full-text formats.
Many articles are available in full-text, full image format.
Many articles are available in full-text.
Many articles are available in pdf format and include complete bibliographic abstracts.
Many articles are available in their entirety, complete with graphics.
Many articles are available on achieving emotional health.
Many articles are available on regional topics.
Many articles are available online in full text.
Many articles are available online in full-text to read or print.
Many articles are currently available online through one of our many databases.
Many articles are free while other, more valuable features are available to members only.
Many articles are from better-known journals and give a good overview of the topic.
Many articles are full text - indicated by .
Many articles are full text or the page image.
Many articles are full text with graphics.
Many articles are full text.
Many articles are full-text .
Many articles are full-text and available in the original magazine layout.
Many articles are full-text and can be printed.
Many articles are full-text online.
Many articles are full-text, and all are printable.
Many articles are fulltext, and some include original page images.
Many articles are full-text, others include abstracts.
Many articles are full-text, with graphics.
Many articles are full-text.
Many articles are highly informative, while others are simply entertaining.
Many articles are in Bahasa Indonesia .
Many articles are in English.
Many articles are in full text format.
Many articles are in full text.
Many articles are in full-text.
Many articles are in-depth and contain excellent bibliographies for further research.
Many articles are long and come from the wire service around the world.
Many articles are new syntheses, some are newly available in English, some are new in any language.
Many articles are now available in full-text through the library's home page.
Many articles are of interest to other school staff.
Many articles are online available.
Many articles are published in non scientific, agricultural journals, as well.
Many articles are summaries of much larger reports of studies.
Many articles are technical.
Many articles are undated.
Many articles are unsigned, but several Italian writers are identified.
Many articles are well worth perusal.
Many articles become lost or are left unclaimed each year.
Many articles call out to our local governments to do something.
Many articles can be access following the links below.
Many articles come from Western newswire services.
Many articles conclude with a glossaries and extensive bibliographies.
Many articles contain as footnotes or references other items about the same subject.
Many articles contain explanations or evaluations of federal programs or policies.
Many articles contain frank discussion of controversial topics.
Many articles contain links to related information and further reading.
Many articles contain links to the cases and statutes.
Many articles contain references that can be helpful, too.
Many articles contain text that is quoted from or described in other books, reports, etc.
Many articles contain thumbnailed images.
Many articles contain useful bibliographies.
Many articles cover basic skills instruction as well as traditional writing courses.
Many articles deal with methods of instruction, specific behavior problems, and programming issues.
Many articles deal with research into and methods of arts therapies.
Many articles deal with the mechanics of writing, from grammar to research.
Many articles deal with using technology and multi-media in math instruction.
Many articles describe scientific research on the brain.
Many articles describe the personal experiences of breast-cancer survivors.
Many articles describe the same system in different words.
Many articles develop policy recommendatins from their findings.
Many articles discuss issues in electronic culture.
Many articles discuss terminology to use on the internet.
Many articles discuss the interdependence of poverty, homelessness and social reform.
Many articles document successful practices while others tell stories.
Many articles employ quantitative techniques.
Many articles focus on online fundraising.
Many articles focus on use of public records.
Many articles give in-depth coverage to topics otherwise ignored in the mass media.
Many articles give many strong points for parents to protect their children from violence in media.
Many articles have a sheet of paper with a camera on it .
Many articles have abstracts and can be purchased.
Many articles have abstracts or are full-text.
Many articles have bibliographies.
Many articles have brief bibliographies appended.
Many articles have full text.
Many articles have graphs, illustrations, and statistics.
Many articles have photographs and drawings.
Many articles here are worth reading.
Many articles includes illustrations, tables, and maps.
Many articles indexed are available online.
Many articles lack bibliographies.
Many articles look only at young men, and at times early after ejaculation.
Many articles mistakenly interchange the terms broadcast and multicast, so an example follows.
Many articles now examine the corpses on the side of the information superhighway.
Many articles offer possible solutions for today's environmental problems.
Many articles refer to more web sites on the topic.
Many articles relate to men who have been victimized.
Many articles relate to more than one topic, and they are indexed more than once.
Many articles relate to the Indus Valley.
Many articles require a password, but some are free.
Many articles require a site subscription.
Many articles require fees to read.
Many articles require special fonts.
Many articles say the reefs are dived so much that they are destroyed.
Many articles seem to focus on ways to increase and manage interactivity.
Many articles seem to have simple content as well.
Many articles shed light on fun and fascinating events in Delaware's past.
Many articles used in the slave business are on display.
More articles appear.
More articles are available about search and metasearch engines .
More articles are available about search and metasearch engines.
More articles are available by checking past issues.
More articles are available in the newsletter section.
More articles are available online today than ever before.
More articles are available only in the printed magazine.
More articles are available using the search .
More articles are being made available, so please check back often.
More articles are in the works, but our computer crashed for a time.
More articles are on the way.
More articles are on their way.
More articles are published than books, therefore, there are more articles to choose from.
More articles are to be added soon.
More articles Get a list here, or search the site here.
Most article are technical in nature.
Most articles address the development and validation of psychological assessment instruments.
Most articles addressing education improvement efforts begin by justifying their applicability.
Most articles also contain bibliographies of cited and related works.
Most articles appear in american angler magazines.
Most articles appear in angler magazines.
Most articles appear in cat fancy magazines.
Most articles appear in full text, others in brief abstract form.
Most articles appear in magazines.
Most articles appear on pages.
Most articles appear on sites.
Most articles appear on web sites.
Most articles appearing in the Forensic Educator are shorter.
Most articles are a half-page in length and are empirically based.
Most articles are a result of intensive research.
Most articles are about ball lightning or tornadoes .
Most articles are also available online through the library's web page.
Most articles are available by mail or fax for a fee using a credit card.
Most articles are available for circulation in the same manner as books.
Most articles are available for members only.
Most articles are available full text, some are only available to subscribers.
Most articles are available full-text, some free, some for a fee.
Most articles are available full-text.
Most articles are available in either Spanish or English.
Most articles are available in full on the site.
Most articles are available in full text.
Most articles are available in full-text format.
Most articles are available in full-text.
Most articles are available to paid subscribers only.
Most articles are biographies of famous persons.
Most articles are brief.
Most articles are by subscription only but many are free.
Most articles are commissioned, so a query is suggested.
Most articles are detailed and include plenty of schematic drawings.
Most articles are entirely new.
Most articles are free.
Most articles are full text, but some publications provide only abstracts.
Most articles are full text.
Most articles are Full-text .
Most articles are full-text online.
Most articles are full-text, in .html format.
Most articles are full-text.
Most articles are general and acceptable while only a few are objectionable.
Most articles are images of the actual publication.
Most articles are in English or include English summaries.
Most articles are in English, but some are available in other languages.
Most articles are in English, with occasional contributions in French and German.
Most articles are in English.
Most articles are in full text.
Most articles are in full-text.
Most articles are in pdf format.
Most articles are in Spanish or Portuguese, though some English language periodicals are indexed.
Most articles are in Spanish, with some in English.
Most articles are in Spanish.
Most articles are limited to one page, but some are longer.
Most articles are long, fairly complete and they are written by authorities in the field.
Most articles are news related, but some are information resources.
Most articles are only a dollar.
Most articles are only a few pages long.
Most articles are policy related and based on applied research.
Most articles are reader submissions.
Most articles are refereed and editorial suggestions and criticisms are supplied as well.
Most articles are relatively short and include footnotes.
Most articles are reports of experimental work.
Most articles are reprints.
Most articles are short and include a list of references.
Most articles are short and practical, but still professional.
Most articles are short and provided in full-text.
Most articles are summaries of earlier published papers.
Most articles are two pages in length and are in color format.
Most articles are unisex, that is they apply to both men and women.
Most articles are very brief, but contain valuable information.
Most articles are written by authors.
Most articles are written by contributors.
Most articles are written by researchers.
Most articles are written by same authors.
Most articles are written by writers.
Most articles are.
Most articles can be read as normal .html files, some however are only available as a .pdf file.
Most articles come from national foundations and other reliable sources.
Most articles consist of text, but some also have pictures.
Most articles contain a bibliography of suggested readings.
Most articles contain a summary.
Most articles contain abstracts.
Most articles contain additional information.
Most articles contain background information.
Most articles contain bibliographical references and there is an index of names.
Most articles contain bibliographies for further reading.
Most articles contain bibliographies.
Most articles contain contact information for the reader to pursue a lead.
Most articles contain extensive bibliographies, and many topics are cross referenced.
Most articles contain information.
Most articles contain more information.
Most articles contain other useful information.
Most articles contain photographs.
Most articles contain useful information.
Most articles cost about a dollar.
Most articles cost several dollars.
Most articles cover topics.
Most articles deal with actual case experiences.
Most articles deal with an aspect of New England clockmaking.
Most articles deal with aspects.
Most articles deal with biology.
Most articles deal with exchanges.
Most articles deal with gas exchanges.
Most articles deal with personal issues rather than workplace management.
Most articles deal with subjects.
Most articles deal with theories.
Most articles deal with U.S. coins and medals.
Most articles describe a technology or technique for making homes more efficient.
Most articles describe aspects.
Most articles describe details.
Most articles describe the use of plaster soaked paper towels.
Most articles discuss ability.
Most articles discuss applications.
Most articles discuss aspects.
Most articles discuss characteristics.
Most articles discuss choices.
Most articles discuss concepts.
Most articles discuss events.
Most articles discuss evidence.
Most articles discuss issues.
Most articles discuss military applications.
Most articles discuss ways.
Most articles examine European or U.S. political issues.
Most articles examine theories.
Most articles explain concepts.
Most articles explain essential facts.
Most articles explain facts.
Most articles explain features.
Most articles explain importance.
Most articles explain key concepts.
Most articles explain key physiological concepts.
Most articles explain physiological concepts.
Most articles explain procedures.
Most articles explain scientific concepts.
Most articles explore pedagogical applications of composition theory and research.
Most articles finish with useful bibliographies and the book concludes with two appendices.
Most articles focus on consumption.
Most articles focus on examples.
Most articles focus on individual professors and their work.
Most articles focus on meteorites, asteroids, and lunar samples.
Most articles focus on specific military aspects of the conflict.
Most articles follow the same pattern.
Most articles give descriptions.
Most articles give explanations.
Most articles give information.
Most articles give instruction.
Most articles give overviews.
Most articles give tips.
Most articles have a brief bibliography.
Most articles have a list of references and further readings.
Most articles have abstracts.
Most articles have an English translation.
Most articles have at least one illustration.
Most articles have bibliographies.
Most articles have brief bibliographies.
Most articles have common themes.
Most articles have enough information.
Most articles have extensive bibliographies and cross-references.
Most articles have few different pages.
Most articles have information.
Most articles have interwiki links to do that.
Most articles have less 'techno-babble' than other science journals.
Most articles have links to additional resources.
Most articles have only one or two objectives.
Most articles have other purposes.
Most articles have pages.
Most articles have purposes.
Most articles have references.
Most articles have related links at the end.
Most articles have requirements.
Most articles have short bibliographies.
Most articles have specific diet requirements.
Most articles have specific requirements.
Most articles have themes.
Most articles have to do with the economy or the stock market.
Most articles have useful cross-references either embedded or appended.
Most articles here are reasonably objective and balanced comparisons.
Most articles highlight several issues.
Most articles illustrate problems.
Most articles illustrate reproduction.
Most articles included are of immediate interest to practicing physicians and health professionals.
Most articles mention limestone.
Most articles offer advice.
Most articles offer bibliographies, and articles on composers provide detailed lists of works.
Most articles offer descriptions.
Most articles offer insight.
Most articles point to links that contain more detail.
Most articles provide additional details.
Most articles provide additional information.
Most articles provide characteristics.
Most articles provide decorate tips.
Most articles provide descriptions.
Most articles provide details.
Most articles provide essential information.
Most articles provide features.
Most articles provide guidelines.
Most articles provide indexes.
Most articles provide information.
Most articles provide insight.
Most articles provide knowledge.
Most articles provide methods.
Most articles provide more details.
Most articles provide more information.
Most articles provide opportunity.
Most articles provide overviews.
Most articles provide science content knowledge.
Most articles provide simple guidelines.
Most articles provide tips.
Most articles provide valuable tips.
Most articles provide vital information.
Most articles published are in English, also publishes occasional papers in French, German.
Most articles relate directly to the work of tribal colleges.
Most articles remain on our site for seven days- most columns remain online for a month.
Most articles report nasal airway obstruction as a possible outcome of both procedures.
Most articles represent working at home as the answer to every working person's dreams.
Most articles require a paid subscription to Web Commerce Today .
Most articles require formal documentation.
Most articles review characteristics.
Most articles say facts.
Most articles seem to be about airport noise.
Most articles shed light.
Most articles show examples.
Most articles show images.
Most articles show problems.
Most articles show topics.
Most articles start with a list of recommended stories.
Most articles strike a few balances between review and new results.
Most articles summarize characteristics.
Most articles surround a technique.
Most articles take a clinical focus, and nearly all are highly technical.
Most articles tend to be targeted at parents of children up to age five.
Some article databases only give citations and others are full-text.
Some articles address complex issues.
Some articles address ecological issues.
Some articles address various ecological issues.
Some articles address various issues.
Some articles already have a price tag.
Some articles also explore the impact of the information age.
Some articles also focus on the methodology for the survey or statistical output.
Some articles also have downloadable text.
Some articles appear as full text.
Some articles appear full-text.
Some articles appear in more than one section.
Some articles appear in newspapers.
Some articles appear in several columns.
Some articles appear in Spanish and English.
Some articles appear in the French-language press in the regional languages.
Some articles appear under more than one of the issues.
Some articles are also available in an additional language.
Some articles are also available in HTML format.
Some articles are also available in individual reprints.
Some articles are also available individually on reserve in the library.
Some articles are also available on-line .
Some articles are also available online and are linked to.
Some articles are also available on-line.
Some articles are also available online.
Some articles are also fulltext.
Some articles are availabe without subscription including a few articles of historical interest.
Some articles are available as full-text online.
Some articles are available for download by clicking on the article title.
Some articles are available for free.
Some articles are available for full text viewing and printing.
Some articles are available free of charge and others only by subscription.
Some articles are available free of charge.
Some articles are available full text.
Some articles are available full-text in the database.
Some articles are available full-text in Wilson.
Some articles are available fulltext online.
Some articles are available full-text online.
Some articles are available full-text.
Some articles are available in .pdf format.
Some articles are available in abstract and some in full text.
Some articles are available in Chinese and English.
Some articles are available in electronic form.
Some articles are available in English.
Some articles are available in full text, full image format.
Some articles are available in full text.
Some articles are available in full-text form while others are limited to citations and abstracts.
Some articles are available in full-text format, others in abstract from only.
Some articles are available in full-text format.
Some articles are available in fulltext online.
Some articles are available in fulltext.
Some articles are available in full-text.
Some articles are available in one format only.
Some articles are available in print by contacting the author or publisher.
Some articles are available in printer-friendly versions.
Some articles are available in Spanish also.
Some articles are available in Spanish.
Some articles are available on line or hard copy.
Some articles are available on the site.
Some articles are available on the web.
Some articles are available on their web site.
Some articles are available online .
Some articles are available online.
Some articles are available only to association members.
Some articles are available onscreen in a fulltext format.
Some articles are available via the Internet.
Some articles are available.
Some articles are basic, others are more advanced or esoteric.
Some articles are better than others, but take a look around to find the best.
Some articles are better than others.
Some articles are by breeders, others from outside expert sources.
Some articles are by the patients themselves.
Some articles are clearly reputable, some are lessso.
Some articles are closely related to material presented in class, others cover new material.
Some articles are currently available by e-mail.
Some articles are detailed, many have substantial bibliographies.
Some articles are directly related to anthropology.
Some articles are event based and others very personal.
Some articles are fairly technical.
Some articles are for sale.
Some articles are for the merely curious, some go into more depth.
Some articles are free and all others can be purchased online.
Some articles are free and some are available only to subscribers.
Some articles are free but a subscription is required to access more.
Some articles are free online.
Some articles are free others can be downloaded after paying a fee.
Some articles are from non-legal journals.
Some articles are full text .
Some articles are full text online.
Some articles are full text while others are complete abstracts.
Some articles are full text, others just have abstracts.
Some articles are full text.
Some articles are full-text , which means that the article is in the computer.
Some articles are full-text and available for immediate printout.
Some articles are fulltext, others include only an abstract or a citation.
Some articles are full-text.
Some articles are in English.
Some articles are in full image.
Some articles are in full text and have links to related articles.
Some articles are in full text.
Some articles are in fulltext.
Some articles are in full-text.
Some articles are in Hebrew.
Some articles are in Russian only and others are English.
Some articles are in Spanish only and a Spanish search interface is available.
Some articles are in Spanish.
Some articles are in the process of being rescanned for better viewing.
Some articles are incomplete.
Some articles are lengthy, running several pages.
Some articles are more difficult to judge than others.
Some articles are more political in nature than scientific, but all are related to health care.
Some articles are more suited for a specialized journal.
Some articles are much more likely to be read by kids and others by more mature readers.
Some articles are much stronger and some more readable than others.
Some articles are never out of date.
Some articles are new and are never claimed.
Some articles are now available for viewing.
Some articles are now available online up to one week before the print mail date.
Some articles are of a general nature, embracing the entire period.
Some articles are of a nautical nature.
Some articles are on microfiche, others are full text on the computer.
Some articles are on websites other than our own.
Some articles are online and they have free charts to download.
Some articles are online.
Some articles are only a page in length, while others are quite lengthy.
Some articles are only available on a subscription basis.
Some articles are only available to paid subscribers, or as back issues.
Some articles are only available to subscribers.
Some articles are only in summary format.
Some articles are only relevant to compliance with no mention of drug abuse.
Some articles are original, while others are obtained from various sources.
Some articles are password protected.
Some articles are quite challenging and require solid knowledge of research methods and statistics.
Some articles are quite lengthy and academic in nature.
Some articles are relevant for educators and environmentalists.
Some articles are sacred, especially the eagle feather.
Some articles are so good that they are accepted right away.
Some articles are the on-line electronic version of their printed paper form.
Some articles are tough going, some are easy.
Some articles are very brief with names often being just part of a long list.
Some articles are very technical and supported with graphs, data, maps, and pictures.
Some articles are written by ladies.
Some articles are written by opponents.
Some articles are written by ornithologists.
Some articles are written by owners.
Some articles are written by users.
Some articles are, frankly, there for fun or for flavor, or to pose questions or provoke thought.
Some articles can be quite long.
Some articles can take longer.
Some articles cited here are on the net, often in the form of postscript or tex files.
Some articles come from researchers.
Some articles come with interactive demos.
Some articles contain bibliographies. .
Some articles contain bibliographies.
Some articles contain binary files in a coded format.
Some articles contain clear instruction.
Some articles contain cross-references and many end with brief bibliographies.
Some articles contain details.
Some articles contain diagrams or charts.
Some articles contain explosive substances.
Some articles contain full text.
Some articles contain hot footnotes in superscript.
Some articles contain images, animations and audio files.
Some articles contain images, including charts, photos, cartoons, and other illustrations.
Some articles contain images, including charts,photos, cartoons, and other illustrations.
Some articles contain images, mainly pictures to accompany the text.
Some articles contain images.
Some articles contain information that is time sensitive and subject to change.
Some articles contain instruction.
Some articles contain links to a scanned version.
Some articles contain links to full text versions.
Some articles contain lists.
Some articles contain materials.
Some articles contain more text in the footnotes than in the main text.
Some articles contain more than one recipe.
Some articles contain numbers just before an author's name.
Some articles contain recipes.
Some articles contain sketches.
Some articles contain sources unknown to western and sometimes even eastern readers.
Some articles contain substances.
Some articles cover aspects.
Some articles cover different methods.
Some articles cover methods.
Some articles cover several different methods.
Some articles cover several methods.
Some articles cover symptoms.
Some articles covered are available in full-text online.
Some articles deal with career related issues such as engineering and mentoring.
Some articles deal with characteristics.
Some articles deal with development.
Some articles deal with distribution.
Some articles deal with general guidelines.
Some articles deal with genetics.
Some articles deal with guidelines.
Some articles deal with metabolism.
Some articles deal with nutrition.
Some articles deal with relativity.
Some articles deal with reproduction.
Some articles deal with standards, others with curriculum, the use of technology, and assessment.
Some articles deal with topics.
Some articles describe applications.
Some articles describe beginnings.
Some articles describe behaviour.
Some articles describe components.
Some articles describe concepts.
Some articles describe degradations.
Some articles describe effects.
Some articles describe environmental degradations.
Some articles describe evolution.
Some articles describe experience.
Some articles describe experiments.
Some articles describe fire.
Some articles describe habits.
Some articles describe methods.
Some articles describe new developments in areas connected to typical course topics.
Some articles describe problems.
Some articles describe progress.
Some articles describe results.
Some articles describe roles.
Some articles describe treatments.
Some articles discuss advantage.
Some articles discuss characters.
Some articles discuss contributions.
Some articles discuss differences.
Some articles discuss essential facts.
Some articles discuss ethic.
Some articles discuss facts.
Some articles discuss feed habits.
Some articles discuss habits.
Some articles discuss importance.
Some articles discuss interest facts.
Some articles discuss limitations.
Some articles discuss management.
Some articles discuss markets.
Some articles discuss methods.
Some articles discuss quality.
Some articles discuss sighting.
Some articles do attract peer review.
Some articles examine decisions.
Some articles examine determinant.
Some articles examine strategies.
Some articles explain adenovirus replication.
Some articles explain approaches.
Some articles explain benefits.
Some articles explain calculations.
Some articles explain health benefits.
Some articles explain methods.
Some articles explain potential benefits.
Some articles explain potential health benefits.
Some articles explain replication.
Some articles explain types.
Some articles feature gorillas.
Some articles feature husbands.
Some articles focus on applications.
Some articles focus on assessments.
Some articles focus on genus.
Some articles focus on grandmothers.
Some articles focus on growth.
Some articles focus on marine zooplankton.
Some articles focus on monkeys.
Some articles focus on roles.
Some articles focus on strands.
Some articles focus on zooplankton.
Some articles generate results.
Some articles give details.
Some articles give more details.
Some articles give specific details.
Some articles go beyond to have a global value.
Some articles have a brief list of key words .
Some articles have a symbol that looks like a camera .
Some articles have abstracts, others include the full text.
Some articles have abstracts.
Some articles have an HTML version as well.
Some articles have bibliographies.
Some articles have boards specifically for that particular article.
Some articles have cavities.
Some articles have citations to further readings that are useful.
Some articles have components.
Some articles have copious links that are very up to date.
Some articles have experiments.
Some articles have explanations.
Some articles have files available to be downloaded.
Some articles have graphics depicting organisms.
Some articles have illustrations on the main article page, others have only hyperlinks.
Some articles have interesting links to other Internet resources.
Some articles have internal links to other images related to Policing the Peace.
Some articles have internal links to other images related to the topic.
Some articles have issues.
Some articles have lasting value.
Some articles have links to images.
Some articles have links to Web-based sites.
Some articles have multiple pages.
Some articles have only a citation in the database.
Some articles have plenty.
Some articles have references.
Some articles have sensors.
Some articles have short bibliographies.
Some articles here contain adult language.
Some articles identify evaluative standards for contract privatization.
Some articles introduce new uses for familiar products.
Some articles introduce readers.
Some articles lend themselves to analysis, while others are less suitable.
Some articles link to commercial Web sites.
Some articles merely restate what a company's own press release states and add little value.
Some articles offer overviews.
Some articles offer their own windows into history.
Some articles offer tips.
Some articles provide an abstract in addition to a citation .
Some articles provide biochemistry.
Some articles provide comparison.
Some articles provide comprehensive lists.
Some articles provide diets.
Some articles provide distribution.
Some articles provide documentation.
Some articles provide evidence.
Some articles provide graphics, including photos, images, graphs, and charts.
Some articles provide habitats.
Some articles provide instruction.
Some articles provide links to web sites.
Some articles provide lists.
Some articles provide price comparison.
Some articles provide recipes.
Some articles provide step instruction.
Some articles provide steps.
Some articles provide summaries.
Some articles raise controversial questions such as the content of contemporary concert programs.
Some articles re-cap what our various guest speakers have lectured about.
Some articles recommend the use of raw carrot or raw potato.
Some articles relate to attacks.
Some articles relate to leech therapy.
Some articles relate to reproduction.
Some articles relate to therapy.
Some articles relate to weather.
Some articles report death caused by gun shot and are very vivid in their contents.
Some articles report results.
Some articles report the results of research based on data.
Some articles require a paid subscription.
Some articles require a subscription to view.
Some articles require Hebrew fonts.
Some articles require registration.
Some articles require the use of technical terms.
Some articles review guidelines.
Some articles review techniques.
Some articles run several pages.
Some articles seems have been on the Net for a long time.
Some articles show effectiveness.
Some articles show energy.
Some articles show evolution.
Some articles show patterns.
Some articles show shape patterns.
Some articles show tables.
Some articles state that it swells too much.
Some articles summarize aspects.
Some articles summarize existing scholarship respecting their subject.
Some articles summarize facts.
Some articles summarize impact.
Some articles take approaches.
Some articles take different approaches.
Some articles use methods.
Some articles use same methods.
Some articles written about the accident blame the company for lack of training.
Articling students have direct client contact and lawyers rely on their judgment.
Articling veterans point a few cardinal rules.
Articulable suspicion includes evidence of sufficient indicia of intoxication.
Articular cartilage can repair itself, to a certain degree, after injury.
Articular cartilage contains more collagen than other types of hyaline cartilage.
Articular cartilage covers the end of the femur, the top of the tibia, and the back of the patella.
Articular cartilage covers the ends of the bones that make up any joint.
Articular cartilage has no blood supply.
Articular cartilage has several features that affect the fate of apoptotic bodies.
Articular cartilage is a firm rubbery protein material covering the end of a bone.
Articular cartilage is a highly hydrated material.
Articular cartilage is a thin yet durable tissue that covers the ends of the thigh and shin bones.
Articular cartilage is composed primarily of elastic cartilage.
Articular cartilage is specialized tissue that covers the ends of the bones.
Articular cartilage is the cartilage that covers the bone and the joint areas.
Articular cartilage is the flexible connecting tissue in a joint.
Articular cartilage is the smooth cartilage that covers the bone in the knee and other joints.
Articular cartilage plays an important role in optimal joint function.
Articular cartilage wears out early, causing precocious arthritis of the spine and big joints.
Articular concrete is our specialty.
Articular disease can be rapidly progressive with early onset erosions.
Articular fracture is synonymous with intra-articular fracture and means fracture within a joint.
Articular fractures involve the articular surface.
Articular fractures respond best to a tension band applied to the caudal aspect of the ulna.
Articular manifestations are uncommon.
Articulate brachiopods have two sets of muscles used to open and close their shells.
Articulate campaigners equipped with talking points can do wonders on house calls and phone banks.
Articulate objectification can be both mirror and projection to nuture subtle recognitions of being.
Articulated arm allows operator to quickly frame and follow the action.
Articulated bracelets inset with quartz crystal movements .
Articulated elbows offer full range of motion.
Articulated knees allow freedom of movement while mountaineering.
Articulated knees allow freedom of movement.
Articulated skeletons serve two functions.
Articulated sleeves provide freedom of movement for the arms.
Articulated sleeves provide greater freedom of movement for the arms.
Articulated structures are everywhere.
Articulated vehicles are what kids find they love to play with.
Articulation Disorder is difficulties in the way sounds are formed.
Articulation disorders constitute the most numerous of all speech disorders.
Articulation disorders make a person difficult to understand.
Articulation affects members of the field in two ways.
Articulation also provides a basis for other extensions.
Articulation bridges the gap between the demands of the body, and the lofty notions of the soul.
Articulation can often be the most significant communication disorder associated with cleft palate.
Articulation continues to expand.
Articulation exists only for a portion of the curriculum.
Articulation Find an eight-step guide to constructing a personalized posed skeleton.
Articulation guarantees that certain courses can be transferred from one institution to another.
Articulation has a number of definitions, depending upon the approach taken by the parties involved.
Articulation improves job readiness skills.
Articulation includes individual vowels and consonants.
Articulation increases motivation.
Articulation is a big issue in the new standards.
Articulation is a priority area.
Articulation is a two-step process.
Articulation is an easy thing to talk about but a rather difficult thing to accomplish.
Articulation is clear expression.
Articulation is connections.
Articulation is consistently distinct and clear.
Articulation is critical here.
Articulation is expression.
Articulation is hampered by occasional lazy, slurred or chopped enunciation.
Articulation is important to keeping students in the educational system.
Articulation is important.
Articulation is imprecise due to loss of oral pressure.
Articulation is inclusive to academic and technical courses.
Articulation is jerky and the syllables are often separate and slurred.
Articulation is joining.
Articulation is labor intensive.
Articulation is more complicated, since it tends to be quite haphazard in the original parts.
Articulation is objectivity.
Articulation is one route.
Articulation is pronunciation
Articulation is pronunciation.
Articulation is responsive and clear, even at the softest dynamic level.
Articulation is responsive and clear, even at the softest dynamic levels.
Articulation is similarly oddball.
Articulation is the formal process of developing and maintaining transfer options for students.
Articulation is the most common communication disorder among school aged children.
Articulation is the ongoing topic.
Articulation is valued by the faculty in an effort to facilitate nursing career mobility.
Articulation means to letter the already there, wave pull centered about a singular, but poesis.
Articulation needs to be moved into Banner.
Articulation reduces duplication.
Articulation refers to the ability to produce the sounds of language.
Articulation refers to the production of speech sounds in connected discourse or isolated words.
Articulation routes into other degrees are also available.
Articulation saves time and money by eliminating repetition through a serious program of study.
Articulation thus is related to fingering.
Articulations are inclusive of academic and technical courses.
Articulation often focuses on courses, rather than on programs.
All articulations fertile.
More articulation is needed.
Some articulations also have partial requirement lists for some majors.
Articulatory loop is called the phonological loop due to evidence that it involves speech.
Artie units are slower moving and have a longer reload time before they can fire again.
Artifact densities map.
Artifact rejection is always in effect when averaging.
Artifact study helps students transfer knowledge.
An artifact is an unit
Artifact finds delay development.
Artifact isa object.
Artifacts abound in private collections as well.
Artifacts allow the student and others to reconstruct and evaluate the learning process.
Artifacts also help students build their portfolios.
Artifacts also help to identify activities.
Artifacts also make their way into the ground through loss.
Artifacts are a good way to introduce history to people.
Artifacts are actual student work samples, such as videotapes and program notes.
Artifacts are also important for the information they can provide to trained archeologists.
Artifacts are also one of the few sources of cash income for things like school fees.
Artifacts are anything developed or configured specially for the application.
Artifacts are anything made by humans.
Artifacts are anything made or used by human beings.
Artifacts are available to touch and view.
Artifacts are disturbances caused by technical defects - usually transitory.
Artifacts are documents and other objects used during participatory design sessions.
Artifacts are documents produced during the normal course work of a program.
Artifacts are everywhere .
Artifacts are everywhere.
Artifacts are features introduced to the image by the mathematical rules used in compression.
Artifacts are few and far between.
Artifacts are identical in size and shape .
Artifacts are important clues that can be used to reconstruct history and prehistory.
Artifacts are inanimate objects.
Artifacts are items left there by the people who lived there.
Artifacts are located in museums.
Artifacts are material objects made by humans.
Artifacts are more pronounced.
Artifacts are most likely to be visible in large areas of the same color.
Artifacts are no longer in context.
Artifacts are non-existant and colours are perfect.
Artifacts are objects made by humans that offer tangible evidence of their activities.
Artifacts are objects made or modified by humans.
Artifacts are objects that are made or used by man.
Artifacts are objects that people create or modify.
Artifacts are obviously present during some of the darker colours onscreen.
Artifacts are old things.
Artifacts are on display in the archaeology laboratory.
Artifacts are on display near the dig site.
Artifacts are only one class of material which provide information about past human cultures.
Artifacts are paper representations, models, computer simulations and objects.
Artifacts are precious clues to our past.
Artifacts are primarily northern with an intrusion of marine shell trade goods of southern origin.
Artifacts are products of human intelligence.
Artifacts are property of the land owner.
Artifacts are remnants left by the previous landowners.
Artifacts are scrapers and bifacial foliates.
Artifacts are seemingly everywhere.
Artifacts are sometimes abundant and well preserved.
Artifacts are special weapons with special powers.
Artifacts are still to be seen on the walls and ceiling.
Artifacts are student role sheets and student journals.
Artifacts are taken to a laboratory to be cleaned and catalogued according to classification.
Artifacts are the actual data of discourse or concern of the collaborative process.
Artifacts are the backups for their own digital delivery.
Artifacts are the objects, the hardware, and the technologies that a culture creates.
Artifacts are the physical evidence of human behavior.
Artifacts are things that are portable, like stone tools, bones, pots, or bottles.
Artifacts are to be studied.
Artifacts are unique when they are different and when they are the same.
Artifacts are unwanted pixels caused by the compression process.
Artifacts are valuable resources for information about life in the past.
Artifacts are wholes.
Artifacts are windows to the ancient world.
Artifacts arise for volumetric indications, only due to the missing projection angle problem.
Artifacts begin to turn up a after a short while.
Artifacts can add to our understanding of the ancient culture.
Artifacts can be ceramics, glass, bone, metal or even stone.
Artifacts can change hands and the power can be reveiled later in the game.
Artifacts can enter into an experiment due to lack of controls.
Artifacts can have politics.
Artifacts Check out the new artifacts in the game.
Artifacts chosen are approriate and accurately reflect the Aztec or Mayan culture.
Artifacts collected before water filled the reservoir are on display at the museum.
Artifacts come in all sizes.
Artifacts depict the work, leisure, and development of residents.
Artifacts donated by members are in elegant display cases in the back of the room.
Artifacts even depict men with dinosaurs.
Artifacts form five different mammoth kill sites are represented.
Artifacts gathered by the nominee during research are properly provenience and stored.
Artifacts give a virtual team visibility in physical space.
Artifacts give a virtual team visibility in team members' physical space.
Artifacts hang on the ceiling over a five-story atrium.
Artifacts have (part) sections.
Artifacts have values.
Artifacts -Include copies of as many of the following as possible.
Artifacts lead to the supposition that even greater millions of species have become extinct.
Artifacts link to another artifacts associated with the same chamber.
Artifacts make a tremendous difference to living standards, both positively and negatively.
Artifacts make history come alive.
Artifacts owned by the city of Lubbock, as well as other items on loan, are on display.
Artifacts play a part too and they bestow their respective users added abilities.
Artifacts present the three dimensional documents of Utah's past.
Artifacts produced by a malpositioned grid are easily identifiable.
Artifacts provide data about the past.
Artifacts provides historical facts and trivia from all around the world.
Artifacts range from ancient stone tools to contemporary art and music.
Artifacts reflect the physical, economic, and social environment in which they are made and used.
Artifacts reveal information about a society's values, practices, and technological skills.
Artifacts reveal specific ways the needs of a world culture are met.
Artifacts rotate in and out of storage as new exhibits open and close.
Artifacts show great variation because of their protean origin.
Artifacts show it to have been inhabited since prehistoric days.
Artifacts show that the rest of the town continued, but only on the north side of the river.
Artifacts show winged serpents.
Artifacts suggest a marine-orientated subsistence pattern.
Artifacts suggest Maryland has been our homeland since the Eastern Woodlands beginning.
Artifacts tell a more detailed story of use at lower elevations beyond the parks boundary.
Artifacts tell a more detailed story of use at lower elevations beyond the park's boundary.
Artifacts tell about the associations people form out of necessity and out of shared beliefs.
Artifacts tell an important story about the past.
Artifacts typically occur when sound waves penetrate and exit the body wall.
Artifacts wind up in the ground in a variety of ways.
Artifacts often survive for centuries on the sea bottom better than a few years in storage.
All artifact remain the property of the people of the Dominican Republic.
All artifacts are handmade replicas of ancient indian artifacts.
All artifacts are the property of the Dominican Republic Government.
All artifacts come with a certificate of authenticity.
Every artifact is a messenger from the past.
Every artifact is a product of human work.
Every artifact is cleaned, labeled in the laboratory, and cataloged in the lab s computer system.
Every artifact is labeled with the name of the square in which it was found.
Many artifacts are for sale, some original, some new for visitors.
Many artifacts are on display, as well as slide shows and audio stations.
Many artifacts are on display.
Many artifacts are still on the wreck.
Many artifacts suggest that the Mayan society had a hierarchy.
Most artifacts are valuable in an historic sense only.
Most artifacts end up in museums and univeristies where they can be studied and enjoyed by everyone.
Most artifacts have unlimited uses and are applied automatically whenever appropriate.
Most artifacts have values.
Most artifacts relate to the construction activities or military occupation of the site.
Some artifacts are due to the incompatibility with the particular board or driver.
Some artifacts are due to the problems in the game itself.
Some artifacts are evident.
Some artifacts are made of gold.
Some artifacts are more helpful than others in providing a precise date of manufacture.
Some artifacts are 'more natural than others'.
Some artifacts are simply product of digitizing or the nature of pixelation.
Some artifacts are stone tools, pottery wheels, jewelry, and clothing.
Some artifacts are too delicate to be washed in water, so they are just lightly dry brushed.
Some artifacts are under on-going restoration work.
Some artifacts hang on walls.
Some artifacts made of copper include large curved knives, spear points, fish hooks and axes.
Some artifacts produce more questions than answers.
Some artifacts weigh many tons.
Artifactual value refers to a document's physical properties.
Artifical corundum is manufactured from bauxite on a large scale.
Artifical insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
Artifical inserts are successful.
Artifical intelligence is a big frontier.
Artifical intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Artifical stones are more consistant, and usually cheaper.
An artificer is a skilled worker
Artificers are mad scientists.
Artificial acceleration corresponds to a matrix preconditioning of the discretized equations.
Artificial airways are another way to provide adequate respiratory care.
Artificial appearances are part of the city's fabric.
Artificial application can induce lateral buds to branch.
Artificial bait helps protect against the introduction of non-native species in the lake.
Artificial baits are effective for catching trout the year round.
Artificial banks means have either of the banks been reenforced, cleared, dredged, or planted.
Artificial benchmarks are part of marketing hype.
Artificial borders drawn by foreign dictators have de-facto been reversed today.
Artificial boundaries limit our ability to deploy judges and staff to where they're most needed.
Artificial boundaries require more ambulances and duplicate overhead.
Artificial breaks occur when novice writers try to divide paragraphs that are too long.
Artificial breasts do fall into the elective category.
Artificial breeding shows that extreme variations are usually sterile or weak.
Artificial burrows provide new insight into burrowing owl nesting biology.
Artificial choices abound, so choose wisely.
Artificial chromosomes are already here.
Artificial circulation is provided by external chest compression.
Artificial cloning is different.
Artificial collections are groups of manuscripts assembled by collectors.
Artificial color is added to the feed of commercial, egg laying hens to color their yolks.
Artificial color is put in the food for the benefit of the pet owner.
Artificial constraints are cumbersome, impractical, and illogical.
Some artificial containers hold water.
Some artificial containers provide habitats.
Some artificial containers provide ideal habitats.
Artificial contraception is immoral.
Artificial contraception sets limits on self-giving.
Artificial contraception tends to focus on love just as a sexual activity.
Artificial creatures react to their world according to programmed rules of behavior.
Artificial dams impede channel erosion.
Artificial dams impede erosion.
Artificial dams impede further erosion.
Most artificial dams impede channel erosion.
Most artificial dams impede further erosion.
Artificial data is generated according to the true model with known parameters.
Artificial daylight is Artificial light having a similar color temperature to daylight.
Artificial deforestation change the whole balance of an ecosystem and bird's lifestyle.
Artificial demand is wasteful and costly.
Artificial diamonds have appearances.
Most artificial diamonds have appearances.
Artificial diets are almost invariably heat treated and contain chemical additives.
Artificial diets are messier than live food and tend to easily decompose.
Artificial diets provide basic nutrients.
Artificial diets provide nutrients.
Most artificial diets provide basic nutrients.
Most artificial diets provide nutrients.
Some artificial diets consist of milk.
More artificial diffusion is applied in regions of large gradient, and less in smooth regions.
Artificial diseases are curative when they are similar, but stronger.
Artificial drainage can help increase the number of trafficable days on poorly drained soil.
Artificial drainage is a massive transformation of the landscape.
Artificial drainage is the weapon against salinization.
Artificial drainage is used to increase aeration to the roots of growing plants.
Artificial dyes require to be fixed to the leather.
Artificial environments span content including representations of abstract or financial data.
Artificial establishment is what most people are familiar with.
Artificial evolution can result in highly active biomolecular catalysts.
Artificial evolution is used to automatically design a neural network controller.
Some artificial examples illustrate the feasibility and limitations of the results presented.
Artificial extinction closes off the future because it shuts down speciation.
Artificial eyes are available and can be made to custom fit the patient.
Artificial feed is introduced with automatic feeders at frequent intervals.
Artificial feel is provided by the artificial-feel bungee.
Artificial fertilisers are energy intensive to produce.
Artificial fertilization is certainly a somewhat elaborate process, but nearly always succeeds.
Artificial fertilization occurs when the sperm and ovum unite outside the marital act.
Most artificial fertilizers have no organic matter, humus, organic acids, microbes, or sugars.
Artificial fibers have longitudinal stripes and sometimes little bubbles.
Artificial fill occurs at the top of most of the cores.
Artificial fishes exhibit a repertoire of behaviors.
Artificial flavors are simply chemical mixtures that mimic a natural flavor in some way.
Artificial flavors save companies money because natural flavoring is more costly.
Artificial flavours are what they say they are credit the food industry with a bit of honesty here.
Artificial flocculation is required to help the settling process.
An artificial flower is art
Artificial flowers are perfectly acceptable, and have the advantage of being reusable.
Artificial flowers attempt to dress up the tables, which are void of any other decoration.
Artificial gases are gaseous forms of materials which are naturally in another state.
Artificial graft derived from foreskins offers diabetics hope.
Artificial grain based dog foods cause innumerable health problems.
Artificial habitat comes in all shapes and sizes.
Artificial habitats differ from naturalistic habitats in that they are set up more simply.
Artificial harmonics are written with diamond-shaped note heads .
Artificial harmonics are written with diamond-shaped note heads.
An artificial heart is an implant
Artificial heart valves come in many different patterns, but all carry significant disadvantages.
Artificial heart valves.
Artificial hearts are implants.
Artificial hearts attempt to fulfill heart function with machinery.
Artificial heat is used to evaporate the required amount of moisture off.
Artificial heating tends to dry the air significantly, and in turn dries out skin rather quickly.
Artificial hydration includes the use of either intravenous, nasogastric, or gastric lines.
Artificial illumination is a costly commodity in some industrial plants.
Artificial incubation is the commercial standard.
Some artificial incubations take places.
Artificial insemination attempts to assist sperm to enter the uterus.
Artificial insemination can be successful by using the sperm of an impotent male.
Artificial insemination can be successful using the sperm of an impotent male.
Artificial insemination is a common medical practice.
Artificial insemination is a common practice in the production of domestic livestock.
Artificial insemination is acceptable for a married couple.
Artificial insemination is accepted between husband and wife.
Artificial insemination is accepted using the husband s sperm.
Artificial insemination is an option for lesbian couples who wish to bear and raise children.
Artificial insemination is an option practiced with increasing frequency.
Artificial insemination is another option.
Artificial insemination is done with ovum selected from woman with 'desirable' qualities.
Artificial insemination is easier on the bitch, the dog and the person doing the breeding.
Artificial insemination is insemination
Artificial insemination is necessary to apply the principles of selection and breeding to bees.
Artificial insemination is nothing new.
Artificial insemination is often the best course of treatment for abnormal sperm count or function.
Artificial insemination is one of the oldest forms of applied reproductive technology.
Artificial insemination is opposed.
Artificial insemination is performed when there are complications in conceiving through intercourse.
Artificial insemination is permitted.
Artificial insemination is practiced on a limited basis in the state.
Artificial insemination is technically difficult, but it can be accomplished.
Artificial insemination is the norm.
Artificial insemination is the way forward in extending the gene pool worldwide.
Artificial insemination is therefore necessary.
Artificial insemination is used frequently.
Artificial insemination is used to produce turkeys for the consumer market.
Artificial insemination is usually a painless procedure, although some women experience cramping.
Artificial insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
Artificial insemination lets the sperm skip the cervical mucus entirely.
Artificial insemination makes it possible for herd managers to economically select superior genes.
Artificial insemination makes it unnecessary for the germinal father and mother to meet.
Artificial insemination places the sperm directly into the uterus.
Artificial insemination produces children without sexual congress.
Artificial insemination spreads fowl cholera, a major bacterial disease of domestic turkey.
Artificial institutions are better than natural human tendencies.
Artificial intelligence abounds.
Artificial intelligence can assist in the processing and analyzing data used for approving loans.
Artificial intelligence embraces both endeavors.
Artificial intelligence frees experts to do other things.
Artificial intelligence gets real .
Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as artificial flowers have to flowers.
Artificial intelligence is a key factor.
Artificial intelligence is a nifty technology but a lousy business platform.
Artificial intelligence is a wide-open field.
Artificial intelligence is a wonderful thing.
Artificial intelligence is also a stock feature of cyberpunk.
Artificial intelligence is an effort to fashion computer systems that behave like human beings.
Artificial intelligence is an elusive prize .
Artificial intelligence is an example of such an endeavor.
Artificial intelligence is an integrated part of our daily life and of many fields in research.
Artificial intelligence is associated with systems that have the ability to reason and learn.
Artificial intelligence is computer science.
Artificial intelligence is irrelevant.
Artificial intelligence is limited only to monsters.
Artificial intelligence is more of an academic field right now, and jobs are lower-paying.
Artificial intelligence is no exception.
Artificial intelligence is no match for a natural dumb ass.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Artificial intelligence is now a regular academic discipline.
Artificial intelligence is one of humankind's greatest and oldest ambitions.
Artificial intelligence is technology
Artificial intelligence is the computer modeling of human thinking or of human mental abilities.
Artificial intelligence is the science of making machines imitate human thinking and behavior.
Artificial intelligence is the study of how to make real computers act like the ones in the movies.
Artificial intelligence is used to help pilots fly planes.
Artificial intelligence is very specific, given context.
Artificial intelligence is, after all, a technology.
Artificial intelligence meets artificial stupidity.
Artificial intelligence meets natural stupidity.
Artificial intelligence offers more promises than practical solutions.
Artificial intelligence refers to the machine's capacity to mimic intelligent human behavior.
Artificial intelligence regards data as the raw material of information.
Artificial intelligence slips cautiously into the clinic.
Artificial intelligence stands no chance against natural stupidity.
Artificial intelligence tracks children's progress and adjusts pace and counting ranges.
Artificial inventions rely much more overtly on an audience's opinions and beliefs.
Artificial islands can expand part of an already-existing island by draining the water around it.
An artificial joint is an implant
Artificial joints are available, and scientists are currently developing artificial skin and blood.
Artificial joints are implants.
Artificial joints are used to replace joints destroyed by osteonecrosis disease.
Artificial joints can replace hips, knees, shoulders, wrists, fingers, or toe joints.
Artificial joints have a varying life expectancy.
An artificial kidney is a dialysis machine
Artificial kidneys have several uses.
Artificial knees do have limitations.
Artificial lakes called reservoirs are created by dams.
Artificial landscapes effect the mycorrhizal relationship in two fundamental ways.
Artificial language is language
Artificial languages are a minor area of linguistics.
Artificial leaves are a common alternative.
Artificial life can simulate biology or create smart computer systems.
Artificial life imitates traditional biology by trying to 'recreate' biological phenomena.
Artificial life is a branch of Artificial intelligence.
Artificial life is a fascinating subject.
Artificial life is a new area that offers novel solutions to the management of chaos.
Artificial life is a subset of artificial intelligence.
Artificial life is no longer about the simulation of carbon based life forms.
Artificial life is related to artificial intelligence.
Artificial life is the representation of biological phenomenon on the computer.
Artificial life is unique among other human endeavors for yet another reason.
Artificial life needs a real epistemology.
Artificial life puzzles.
Artificial life studies the rules governing complex systems.
Artificial ligaments are now available.
Artificial light can also cause glare problems.
Artificial light can also impact blood melatonin levels.
Artificial light can come close to duplicating the full range of wavelengths found in sunlight.
Artificial light can hide scratches or blemishes.
Artificial light can make students irritable in school, and reduce production among factory workers.
Artificial light extends growout period for chinook and coho salmon.
Artificial light fluoresces everything into hospital time.
Artificial light heliodons Artificial light heliodons use artificial lights as the light source.
Artificial light is almost never white.
Artificial light is another important aspect.
Artificial light is as important as natural light.
Artificial light is bounced off the reflective underside of the domed roof shells.
Artificial light is easy to control and to direct into a specific area.
Artificial light is fine too.
Artificial light is light such as that pro-duced by electric lamps, fires, or fluorescent tubes.
Artificial light produces a narrower color band.
Artificial light puts ecosystem services of frugivorous bats at risk.
Artificial light works well, especially if it is fluorescent.
Artificial lights affect the nesting and hatching of sea turtles.
Artificial lights allow garden- to force flowering according to seasonal demand.
Artificial lights are a major concern as they disorient nesting adults and hatchlings.
Artificial lights are useful when natural window light is insufficient.
Artificial lights can fool the mare into thinking it's spring.
All artificial light has it consequences.
Artificial lighting can also affect the appearance of makeup on the skin.
Artificial lighting can cause disorientation and misorientation of both adults and hatchlings.
Artificial lighting can cause disorientation or misorientation of both adults and hatchlings.
Artificial lighting can cause two problems.
Artificial lighting demands large inputs of energy and energy costs money.
Artificial lighting has to be of significant strength and duration to have an effect.
Artificial lighting is a simple solution to compensate for a lack of natural light.
Artificial lighting is acceptable.
Artificial lighting is an option that makes sense in many situations.
Artificial lighting is excellent.
Artificial lighting is introduced.
Artificial lighting is just a good for the fish as daylight.
Artificial lighting is less important for growing ducks.
Artificial lighting is light waves.
Artificial lighting is produced by electricity.
Artificial lighting is provided by three light fixtures, suspended several feet from the ceiling.
Artificial lighting is supplied by strip lighting in light-box constructions attached to the walls.
Artificial lighting serves a key role in their work, even when working outdoors.
Artificial lighting wreaks havoc with our biological clocks.
Some artificial lighting is also quite contrasty.
Artificial limbs have a tendency to be much stiffer than real ones.
Artificial livers are still in the experimental stage.
Artificial logs are complimentary at one log per night in units with wood burning fireplaces.
Artificial logs are for sale in the store year-round.
Artificial logs can dirty the chimney much faster than regular wood.
Artificial lungs employ thousands of hollow fiber membranes exposed to blood flow.
Artificial lures are also popular baits for snook.
Artificial lures are much harder to use in enticing a strike than live bait.
Artificial lures are popular for schooling bass, as is flyfishing with popping plugs.
Artificial lures are the fourth category.
Artificial lures are the usual plastic worms, jerk baits, crank baits, chuggers and spinner baits.
Artificial lures constitute one hook regardless of the number of gang hooks per lure.
Artificial lures enter when there is more room to cast and retrieve.
Artificial lures including plastic worms and surface lures are good producers for bass.
Artificial manure requires a lot of watering.
Artificial materials imitate nature s own.
Artificial materials imitate nature's own.
Artificial methods are like 'putting a premium upon vice.
Most artificial methods do.
Some artificial models come complete with bark on the main stalk and branches as well as pine cones.
Artificial nails account for two-thirds of salon revenue.
Artificial nails are most useful in cases where a toenail has been damaged or surgically removed.
Artificial nails harbor pathogens that can cause nosocomial infections.
Artificial nectar ferments quickly, in one to two days.
Artificial nest burrows for burrowing owls.
Artificial nest hollows for black-cockatoos.
Many artificial networks learn from experience.
Artificial neurogenesis seems to be a promising way to evolve neural networks.
Artificial neurons are much the same way.
Artificial nipples require a different sucking action than real ones.
Artificial nipples require a different suckling action than real ones.
Artificial nuclei are used in cloud seeding .
Some artificial oils duplicate natural oils.
An artificial pacemaker is an electronic device
Artificial pacemakers range from the simple to the sophisticated.
Artificial personality involves the modelling of human personality in the computer.
Artificial pesticides are also scarce.
All artificial pesticides are organic.
Artificial photosynthesis offers a simpler alternative.
Artificial plants add a touch of green and a few Asian pictures decorate the sparse walls.
Artificial plants are also a great addition to the crab tank.
Artificial plants require maintenance.
Artificial plants require minimal maintenance.
Most artificial plants require maintenance.
Most artificial plants require minimal maintenance.
Artificial pollination is practiced in some areas.
Artificial ponds provide opportunities for well-replicated experimental manipulations.
Artificial production is natural for human beings.
Artificial propagation is best from seed.
Artificial radiation carries all the risks of natural sunlight.
Artificial raffia is available by the inch, order by waist size plus overlap.
Artificial rain is created by spraying salt crystals into clouds.
Artificial reefs are another way to explore the area's waterways.
Artificial reefs attract encrusting organisms like coral and sponge.
Artificial reefs can help by providing a new habitat.
Artificial reefs can increase productivity of sandy bottoms.
Artificial reefs continue to raise question throughout the scientific community.
Artificial reefs function better if they mimic nature.
Artificial reefs function better when they mimic nature.
Artificial reefs have many advantages and disadvantages, if done properly the advantages outweigh.
Artificial reefs increase viable habitat and improve biodiversity.
Artificial reefs made of wrecks are in both shallow and deep water.
Most artificial refuges are created by warm-water outfalls from power plants.
Artificial regeneration includes seeding and planting.
Artificial regeneration involves direct seeding or planting.
Artificial regeneration requires the removal of all old trees from the site.
Artificial replacements are available for all of the most commonly affected joints.
Artificial reproduction is common by seed, root cutting, and stump sprout.
Artificial respiration is a breathing
Artificial respiration is an emergency procedure
Artificial respiration is initiated and sustained for a long time without success.
Artificial respiration is often necessary during treatment.
Artificial rocks are available from landscape suppliers.
Artificial roses portend deceit or jealousy on the part of a trusted friend.
Artificial saliva is also available to help dry mouth.
Artificial saliva is also available.
Artificial saliva is used to prevent dry mouth.
An artificial satellite is equipment
Artificial satellites are located in space shuttles.
Artificial satellites are man-made, such as weather satellites.
Artificial satellites are smaller, unmanned spacecraft.
Artificial satellites are too small to develop substantial tidal stresses.
Artificial satellites can also be very bright depending on how much sunlight they reflect.
Artificial satellites orbit the earth at altitudes between one hundred and several thousand miles.
Artificial satellites orbit the earth here.
Artificial satellites serve multiple purposes nowadays.
Artificial satellites stay in space for varying lengths of time.
All artificial satellites have certain features in common.
Artificial selection can produce variation in eye spots.
Artificial selection is a result of human intervention.
Artificial selection is applied in the laboratory, which employs human logic.
Artificial selection is illustrated by random mating taking place in a population.
Artificial selection is man-made, however.
Artificial selection is practiced to make the organism more useful or more pleasing to man.
Artificial selection is something that is directed by humans - fancy pigeons breeds.
Artificial selection is the controlled breeding of domestic plants and animals.
Artificial selection is the process that humans use to obtain more desirable types of plants.
Artificial selection is the ultimate survival of the fittest because nothing is left to chance.
Artificial selection occurs when nature selects for beneficial traits.
Artificial selections reduce variability.
Artificial selections take places.
Most artificial selections reduce variability.
Most artificial selections take places.
Artificial sensors are based on electrical circuits.
Artificial sex smells lure pests in sticky traps.
Artificial silk is available, and some leading sari shops sell artificial silk saris.
Artificial sinew is a cheaper, durable alternative.
Artificial sinew makes strong lacing.
Artificial skin is a covering
Artificial skin is already available.
Artificial snow covers the base area and some pistes leading into it.
Artificial snow is made but only in the most pressing circumstances.
Artificial societies has two principal aims.
Artificial speech has advantages in reduced redundancy and talker independence.
Artificial Stars make artificial stars.
Artificial substances contain pesticide residues.
Artificial substances contain residues.
Most artificial substances contain pesticide residues.
Most artificial substances contain residues.
Artificial sugar is a definite no, but chowing down on too much of the real thing is just as bad.
Artificial support keeps the donor's other organs functioning until donation occurs.
Artificial sweetener is sugar substitutes.
Artificial sweeteners are a concern for mothers with diabetes.
Artificial sweeteners are acceptable.
Artificial sweeteners are aspartame, nutri-sweet, equal, etc.
Artificial sweeteners are used in many 'Light'-products today.
Artificial sweeteners are, by their very nature, extremely sweet, and sweet begets sweet.
Artificial sweeteners can be especially harmful.
Artificial sweeteners can trigger a migraine.
Artificial sweeteners can ultimately do more harm than good.
Artificial sweeteners contain chemical compounds that are developed in laboratories.
Artificial sweeteners have no food value.
Artificial sweeteners prevent satiety by blocking the adrenaline receptor.
Artificial sweeteners provide fewer calories and the sweet taste.
Artificial sweeteners tend to turn bitter from the heat used in canning.
All artificial sweeteners are sweeter when they are combined with other sweeteners.
Any artificial sweetener is sweeter when combined with another sweetener.
Some artificial sweeteners provide a bitter taste to fruits after extended storage.
Artificial tanning using dihydroxyacetone-containing topical agents is a good alternative.
Artificial tears are available without a prescription and there are many brands.
Artificial tears are available without a prescription.
Artificial tears are the most common form of treatment for dry eye.
Artificial tears are useful for patients with mild-moderate symptoms.
Artificial tears can also be helpful.
Artificial tears can help reduce symptoms and wash away allergens and inflammatory mediators.
Artificial tears can help relieve eye dryness and pain.
Artificial tears come in several different brands.
Artificial tears dilute the allergens and form a protective barrier over the surface of the eye.
Artificial tears have the following differences.
Artificial tears imitate all of the layers in the tear film.
Some artificial tears have preservatives that can cause side effects in people with dry eye.
Many artificial things imitate or copy things found in nature .
Many artificial things imitate or copy things found in nature.
Artificial ties are illegal.
Some artificial tiles can nearly double the loading on old roof timbers and masonry walls.
Artificial teeth are the single most expensive component of a denture.
Artificial transformation is an essential step in most genetic engineering procedures.
Artificial trees are a petroleum based product that consume vast resources during fabrication.
Artificial trees are a potential source of mold and dust caused by improper storage.
Artificial trees are acceptable.
Artificial trees are safer.
Artificial trees can be a good alternative, depending on storage.
Artificial trees contain non-biodegradable plastics and metals.
Artificial trees eliminate the fuss and mess of using a real tree.
Artificial trees pose no fire hazard.
Many artificial trees are fire resistant.
Many artificial trees contain natural rubber latex materials.
Some artificial trees come complete with the sockets and provisional wirings.
Artificial turf causes up to three times as many non-contact injuries as grass.
Artificial turf is made from polyethylene and polypropylene.
Artificial turf is the playing surface of choice for field hockey and spring field sports.
Artificial turf sucks.
Artificial valves wear out over a period of years.
Artificial vectors contain antibiotic resistance genes as selectable markers.
Artificial vision is a long way off.
Artificial walls make it difficult for faculty members to discuss their work with colleagues.
Artificial wetlands offer great potential for treating water before disposing of it.
Artificial wetlands purify waste water.
Artificial worlds are an alternative to building prototypes or conducting experiments.
Artifictial light can distort color.
Artillery batteries are difficult to research.
Artillery bombardment continues.
Artillery bombardments attempt to destroy machine guns and supplies.
Artillery fire can be difficult to observe and adjust.
Artillery fire is fire
Artillery Park sits adjacent to the museum.
Artillery pieces belch flame and white smoke from the perimeter of the battlefield.
Artillery rockets are nothing new.
An artillery shell is a shell
Artillery shells are also doubtful due to their wastefulness in plutonium.
Artillery shells are bullets.
Artillery shells are located in war.
Artillery shells are long tubes loaded with pyrotechnic balls.
Artillery shells are shells.
Artillery shells are usually 'dumb' once they leave the firing tube.
Artillery shells cause relatively little destruction.
Artillery shells explode, wagon wheels turn, and horses sweat.
Artillery shells fly through the ranks like bowling balls.
Artillery systems are essential items in any nation's arsenal.
Artillery also obstructs roads and hinders movement.
Artillery also plays an important part of the battle plan for any commander.
Artillery are the same as crossbows.
Artillery becomes unavailable for combat after it either fires or moves.
Artillery can also bombard, but that is almost worthless.
Artillery can also support a defense.
Artillery can be really nasty, delivering large amounts of damage at a good distance.
Artillery can engage in bombardment, seeking to sweep the open terrain clear of large formations.
Artillery can fire smoke, help knock down buildings, or even help isolate an enemy position.
Artillery can spot for itself or another artillery unit.
Artillery chooses a target and fires.
Artillery combining fire with infantry units also cause any indicated step losses.
Artillery conducting a bombardment attack ignores all adverse results, including retreats.
Artillery counts zero in mountains.
Artillery follows, and the draw becomes an orange-grey hell.
Artillery Has a crew of four.
Artillery has a long and powerful reach, but is nearly defenseless in melee combat.
Artillery have no smoke ammo.
Artillery is a special case.
Artillery is a sure-fire way to ruin someone's day.
Artillery is also well represented.
Artillery is an armament
Artillery is armaments.
Artillery is artillery wether limbered or unlimbered.
Artillery is clumped with infantry for the attrition roll.
Artillery is divisional support.
Artillery is how skilled the leader is in bringing the off-map artillery support.
Artillery is landed at the same time as reinforcements.
Artillery is most effective at breaking unit cohesion and morale.
Artillery is part of batteries.
Artillery is therefore the most prevalent and low-tech approach to bombardment of an area.
Artillery is used to protect ground troops and sea forces from air attack.
Artillery is very effective, possibly too much so, and can inflict steps losses quite easily.
Artillery is well placed to benefit from the insertion of new technologies.
Artillery never seems to get to have an impact other than allowing a combined arms.
Artillery rounds rock the beach and tracer fire rents the pre-dawn sky.
Artillery rounds, bombs, and search and destroy missions all caused fires in Vietnam.
Artillery rounds, from new manufacture.
Artillery shells banging on both sides.
Artillery sounds great, the clank of bullets is there, and explosions are dead on.
All artillery is considered to be towed.
An artilleryman is a man
Artillerymen get 'Fired Up' at ball.
Artillerymen learn the art of camouflage.
Artinian rings are noetherian.
An artiodactyl is a hoofed mammal
Artiodactyls also rank with horses and dogs as the animals most useful to people.
Artiodactyls are a widespread group of mammals.
Artiodactyls are mostly plant eaters.
Artiodactyls are native to all continents except Australia and Antarctica.
Artiodactyls are paraphyletic, the even-toed ungulates give rise to whales.
Artiodactyls are sometimes called cloven hooved, that is they have two toes.
Artiodactyls have a well-developed sense of smell and sense of hearing.
Artiodactyls have different natural predators depending on their size and habitat.
All artiodactyls have a postorbital bar or process.
Most artiodactyls have two toes on each foot that they walk on.
Artisan breads are simple.
Artisan cheeses cost a lot.
Artisan contractors represent the greatest number of contractor prospects.
Artisan jewellery continues to grow as both a hobby and a profession.
An artisan is a skilled worker
Artisans also combine various hardwoods and metal to create distinctive designs.
Artisans also produce beautiful baskets, pottery, glass painting, wood carving and fabrics.
Artisans also take commissions to do stained, beveled and etched glass pieces.
Artisans are in period costumes and many offer items for sale.
Artisans are juried.
Artisans benefit from fair trade wages, safe workshops and business development opportunities.
Artisans benefit from free labor, and the apprentice gains a skill.
Artisans can basically do five things well at once, as say, compared to the warrior who can do one.
Artisans can booked directly through local Native American art museums.
Artisans create what is new, whether in art, hairstyles, or carburetors.
Artisans create, inventing new ways of seeing, doing, and feeling.
Artisans decry lack of bamboo.
Artisans deftly stretch European designer fabric over ceramic glazed figurines. . .
Artisans demonstrate colonial hands-on activities for young and old.
Artisans demonstrate some aspect of their craft.
Artisans demonstrate traditional craft skills such as bead work, finger weaving and flute making.
Artisans depend on crafts as their primary source of income generation.
Artisans display their skills whilst the village dancers whirl to the music of a local band.
Artisans do it.
Artisans have exceptionally keen senses, and love working with their hands.
Artisans have wide open seventh chakras.
Artisans highly trained in the traditional art of hand-embroidery produce our fine linen.
Artisans make objects of wood, ivory, and metal.
Artisans make playful mates, creative parents, and troubleshooting leaders.
Artisans make porcelain, toys, and jewelry but specialize in religious objects.
Artisans naturally extend their hospitality to callers and drop-in guests.
Artisans obtain materials from the forest to create art.
Artisans offer all kinds of gifts, toys, wearable art, and decorative items - all fashioned by hand.
Artisans offer fine arts, crafts, jewelry, baskets, clothing, furniture, food and more.
Artisans ply their trade.
Artisans produce intricate statues with details gilded in gold and silver.
Artisans receive a fair price for their goods and advances on orders.
Artisans say it's easy to find basic craft supplies.
Artisans sell hand-crafted items.
Artisans sell their craft at major intersections all over the island.
Artisans sell their wares.
Artisans show and sell their work and talk with visitors.
Artisans sleep at night because they're worn out from doing the work.
Artisans spend the time completing the work that needs to be done.
Artisans still craft it with handmade tools.
Artisans still make pitchers, bowls, bottles and paperweights there.
Artisans then carve and stain the wet concrete to create realistic fissures and flaw lines.
Artisans train to do intricate silverwork.
Artisans translate the artists designs into distinctive pieces of jewelry.
Artisans use age-old methods to create unique works of art.
Artisans sometimes use multiple pieces to hand carve their designs.
All artisans accept commission projects.
Any artisan is welcome to participate, say organizers.
Every artisan has tools.
Many artisans are willing to make larger quantities of their crafts.
Many artisans come to the market to sell their wares.
Many artisans have trouble pricing their work at first.
Many artisans live in the area and timber harvesting is the primary industry.
Many artisans now have their own style, sometimes a mixture of styles from different pueblos.
Many artisans sell exquisite handmade work in that area.
Many artisans work in their chosen field on a part-time basis only.
Most artisans are only able to do a limited number of shows in a limited geographical area.
Some artisans follow a tradition of three or four generations.
Some artisans still make native crafts to be sold at pow-wows or festivals.
Artisanal fishermen use small craft powered either by inboard or outboard engines.
Artisanal fisheries account for huge quantities of fish each year.
Artisanal fishery is carried out inside the lagoon as well as off lagoon, near the outer reefs.
Artisanal fishing refers to small-scale fishing to supply the local market.
Artisanal mining requires special attention by African governments.
Artisinal production contributes more than two thirds of production.
Artist colonies exist to allow artists time to work without distractions.
Artist correspondence is arranged alphabetically by artist, with sketches and collected ephemera.
All artist models come with deluxe hardshell cases and limited lifetime warranties.
All artist names are first name last name.
Artist Profiles Check out our latest profiles on talented commercial electronic musicians.
Artist proofs are available in limited quantities.
Artist proofs are very limited in number .
Some artist proofs remain available.
Artist residencies are the foundation for integrated arts.
Artist residencies can take place in venues other than schools.
Artist statements are fun to write.
Artist teachers can often facilitate preparation for the profession.
An artist is a creator
Artist accepts commissions of pet portraits, animal and landscape paintings.
Artist allows limited use of artwork for one year, and retains all other rights.
Artist are creators and visionaries.
Artist are welcome .
Artist becomes a big local name.
Artist can apply for costs related to travel, equipment, materials and specialist advice.
Artist can hypnotize.
Artist can submit art for review.
Artist chooses an animal from a prepared list.
Artist chooses colors based on design, aesthetic or emotional responses.
Artist combines both natural-based and originally designed or sampled sounds.
Artist covers all media of expression.
Artist creates hand-painted certificates, guest signature documents and seating charts.
Artist determines final configuration of pieces and colors, working within patron's parameters.
Artist display their works and paintings at the festival.
Artist dominates model.
Artist draws on blackboard a picture of animal or object thought of.
Artist easily makes baked-potato eating fun.
Artist goes to spiritual realm, woman point of connection to real world.
Artist has a very strong background.
Artist has vague feelings, which become clear as artist works.
Artist have a right to be a little peculiar.
Artist includes progress slides to illustrate how the work is created.
Artist is a descriptive term applied to a person who engages in an activity deemed to be an art.
Artist is a studio for making pictures, cards, and so on.
Artist is a transplant athlete, World Transplant Games tennis champion.
Artist is a young female.
Artist is an act of motherhood, tearing, fear, blood.
Artist is based in Anchorage, Alaska, and much of the work reflects northern themes.
Artist is interested in new contacts, exhibitions and teaching.
Artist is listed first, followed by the available CD titles.
Artist is responsible for attaching the correct label with the corresponding artwork.
Artist is responsible for delivery, set-up and removal of items.
Artist is responsible for stability of artwork.
Artist is responsible for their own income taxes, social security, etc.
Artist is responsible to provide display, tables, canopy, etc.
Artist is songwriter, composer, guitarist and vocalist.
Artist is the apprentice of the father of colored OP art.
Artist is the name of the song s artist.
Artist is to be announced.
Artist is to provide insight and design for the placement and setting of the piece.
Artist is unable to perform due to laryngitis.
Artist is unidentified.
Artist is unknown.
Artist is unread.
Artist is very calm and soothing and cool, though in a rather earnest way.
Artist isa individual.
Artist isa person.
Artist isa somebody.
Artist isa someone.
Artist needs to be better educators of their craft.
Artist needs to put some more instruments to make the music sound richer.
Artist offers web design and astrological pathwork too.
Artist owns their work.
Artist preferred custom framing is available at wholesale prices upon request.
Artist prefers an independent fold-back console, eight channels.
Artist prefers clear stones.
Artist provides all sound equipment needed for larger assemblies.
Artist recruits residents for unique galactic homes.
Artist requires two monitor speaker, placed as shown above.
Artist retains all proceeds from the sales of artwork.
Artist retains all rights to artwork.
Artist run collective.
Artist run contemporary art space.
Artist seeks cure for disappearing tobacco barns.
Artist shows twice a year.
Artist transform it in a beautiful pieces for ornament.
Artist typically work through inspiration.
Artist uses technique discribed as suspended transparencies.
Artist wants info on vine sculture material.
Artist wins many Austin Music Awards.
Artist wishes to seek painting and sculpture commissions.
Artist works with consultants, architects and galleries.
Artists abound here as elsewhere on the Central Coast.
Artists accept responsibility for travel and lodging for all persons participating in their project.
Artists accomplish unity in a number of ways.
Artists act out perverse behaviors in public while they live rather normal lives.
Artists add a unique and valuable resource to the partnership.
Artists agree to loan their works to the organization for a year.
Artists also are at work to destroy cultural ideas and myths.
Artists also charge different amounts based on the size of the venue.
Artists also combine colors to create different moods.
Artists also convey ideas in their works.
Artists also create the illusion of texture in artworks such as paintings, drawings and prints.
Artists also display beauty.
Artists also give technical demonstrations and lead public tours of their exhibitions.
Artists also have the option of creating their own unique furniture pieces.
Artists also have to know how to edit video, to understand audio, to do it all.
Artists also have wings.
Artists also help each other and offer workshops in the community.
Artists also make use of our emotional and psychological responses to shapes.
Artists also pay utilities.
Artists also reach audiences in performances outside of venues.
Artists also read poems, sang or performed on the violin, saxophone and piano.
Artists also respond to the growing nationalism, particularly in Serbia and Croatia.
Artists also sample from art history, other artists and other cultures.
Artists also share their skills and knowledge with the schools and the communities.
Artists also study the way the body moves and bends.
Artists also use specimens from the collection occasionally.
Artists answer the question.
Artists appear, flare briefly and then disappear.
Artists apply pigments in layers.
Artists are a camera turned inward.
Artists are a friendly and accommodating lot.
Artists are a good resource about other artists.
Artists are a hot commodity in London right now.
Artists are a minority in most societies and often feel a little solitary.
Artists are a minority in the history of photography.
Artists are a part of Colorado's natural resources.
Artists are a prime example.
Artists are a special constituency, and visit the exhibitions frequently.
Artists are a very important part of any city or culture.
Artists are able get their bio's published on the net free of charge.
Artists are able to do more with their compositions than ever before.
Artists are active all over the country.
Artists are activists.
Artists are after a less lofty, less autocratic essence.
Artists are akin to hermits.
Artists are alert for visual elements that can be used later.
Artists are already at war with corporate mentality at record labels.
Artists are also adventurers who take a personal journey with every creation.
Artists are also available for design consultation as time permits.
Artists are also interested in works which stress participation on the part of the viewer.
Artists are also welcome to have their work appear on the cover.
Artists are always so misunderstood.
Artists are an enthusiastic and highly motivated group.
Artists are artists.
Artists are at work in the kitchen.
Artists are available for freelance work.
Artists are available for interviews, appearances, workshops and readings.
Artists are available to both discuss and demonstrate a variety of theatre arts careers.
Artists are better at other things.
Artists are busy creating.
Artists are busy designing the cards.
Artists are busy with more paintings.
Artists are capable of draws.
Artists are capable of paint.
Artists are committed to explaining what they do and to making the experience meaningful.
Artists are compilers, positioners, interpreters and communicators.
Artists are concerned with color mixing As they produce works through creative expression.
Artists are contactable through the site.
Artists are counterrevolutionaries.
Artists are creative in the ways in which they choose to express emotion.
Artists are creative people.
Artists are creators.
Artists are cultural inventors, in a sense.
Artists are curious and pained with the gift of inner sight.
Artists are destroyers of nicely ordered systems.
Artists are different from most people.
Artists are easy targets for all three of the types of censorship noted above.
Artists are easy to spot.
Artists are either celibate or gay.
Artists are eligible to submit only one application every two years.
Artists are elitists.
Artists are emotional, undisciplined and perpetually childish.
Artists are encourage to submit their work for inclusion.
Artists are encouraged to specify the preferred location for their projects.
Artists are especially mobile, and contemporary art is a floating world currency.
Artists are essential.
Artists are exhibitionists.
Artists are free and welcome to participate and send material for the exhibition.
Artists are free to choose either category, based on how they want each sculpture to be judged.
Artists are free to express themselves lyrically any way they choose.
Artists are free, which scares and intimidates some people.
Artists are from around the world, including London.
Artists are from around the world.
Artists are from California, Hawaii, Ohio, and Texas.
Artists are funny that way.
Artists are furnished transportation, per diem, and art supplies while on tour.
Artists are good people to have as friends.
Artists are great at non-verbally seeing patterns, shapes and classifying forms in nature.
Artists are hard at work at the news desk, too.
Artists are highly intelligent people.
Artists are highly revered in Japan.
Artists are in alphabetical order down below.
Artists are in alphabetical order.
Artists are in constant demand for their creativity and manual skills.
Artists are inclined to work in a field where it is about self-expression.
Artists are interested in expressing their vision to the exclusion of almost everything else.
Artists are intune with their brain, probably the more developed part.
Artists are invited to contribute, everyone is invited to visit.
Artists are irresponsible people.
Artists are just like any other person except they make things.
Artists are keen observers of the processes of cultural change that become imprinted on the land.
Artists are keenly aware of the emotional and psychological impact of lines.
Artists are like a beacon to professionals working in other fields and public at large.
Artists are limited to four colors total, with black and white each counting as a color.
Artists are litterbugs.
Artists are located in concerts.
Artists are mainly from Ghana, Liberia, Ethiopia, Nigeria, South Africa, Sudan and Zimbabwe.
Artists are more comfortable asserting their ethnicity.
Artists are more creative when they are content with their surroundings.
Artists are natural teachers.
Artists are no longer content to make murals or create statues.
Artists are no longer self-contained and are more prone to conform.
Artists are no longer the individuals that simply create things that are beautiful.
Artists are no more or less varied then any others.
Artists are notorious for flaunting social conventions and they generally refuse to be censored.
Artists are notorious for tossing off uninspired fluff when Hollywood calls.
Artists are often bad boys and girls.
Artists are often blind to their own gifts.
Artists are often excellent businessmen.
Artists are often ingenious in the way they make their interiors.
Artists are often people who feel criticized by everyone, discouraged by everyone.
Artists are often present at the opening receptions to meet people and discuss their work.
Artists are often romantic and even loving, but it is Art that is their first love.
Artists are often times people who are very, very angry.
Artists are often times, excuse the terminology - assholes.
Artists are over-emotional and unstable.
Artists are part of the Cape's living canvas.
Artists are people who are subject to irrational convictions of the sacred.
Artists are people who create imaginative and inventive visual images and forms.
Artists are people.
Artists are perennial have-nots.
Artists are perhaps more like poets.
Artists are powerful catalysts for learning in the classroom.
Artists are prime beneficiaries of the trend toward color and graphics.
Artists are recognizable by their gaunt appearance and inexpensive hairstyles.
Artists are repeatedly handcuffed and arrested.
Artists are resourceful and creative people.
Artists are responsible for all shipping and insurance costs.
Artists are responsible for all shipping expenses.
Artists are responsible for bringing their own tents, tables and chairs.
Artists are responsible for collecting and filing Michigan sales tax.
Artists are responsible for delivery and pickup.
Artists are responsible for expenses of mailing invitations to their own mailing list.
Artists are responsible for installing interactive and computer-based projects.
Artists are responsible for insuring the work during transit to and from the gallery.
Artists are responsible for maintaining projects during the conference.
Artists are responsible for proper insurance and protection of work and set-up.
Artists are responsible for publicity through other media.
Artists are responsible for purchasing their own oxides.
Artists are responsible for shipment to and from the gallery.
Artists are responsible for shipped works.
Artists are responsible for the security of their booths and their contents over the weekend.
Artists are responsible for the security of their work while it is on display.
Artists are responsible for their own backline.
Artists are responsible for their own insurance.
Artists are responsible for their own meals.
Artists are responsible for their own travel, materials and all personal expenses.
Artists are responsible for their own work while it is being exhibited.
Artists are responsible for transportation of artwork.
Artists are so paranoid or are such rah-rahs about their particular pursuit or style.
Artists are society's canaries.
Artists are SoHo's greatest resource.
Artists are solely responsible for their own art work and personal possessions.
Artists are solitary people.
Artists are sovereign, yes, but also isolationist and sometimes pig-headed.
Artists are storytellers, creating legends and dreams.
Artists are the eyes, ears and heart of a society.
Artists are the ideal people to experiment with redundant technology.
Artists are the leaders of the future.
Artists are the most graceful hosts and hostesses.
Artists are the ones getting the short end of the stick.
Artists are the ones that pave the way.
Artists are the philosophers of the times.
Artists are the radar of the future.
Artists are the risk-takers in our world.
Artists are the ultimate authorities.
Artists are thermometers.
Artists are to provide their own display booth, racks, tables, etc.
Artists are ultimately responsible for their booth and contents.
Artists are underpaid for their work.
Artists are under-taking joint creations.
Artists are usually an unhappy lot.
Artists are usually more accepting of change.
Artists are usually the first to pick up the vibrations of cultural change.
Artists are very eager to get art out of the academy.
Artists are very protective of their work, and with good reason.
Artists are very sensitive people.
Artists are very weak in such moments.
Artists are very willing to talk to visitors about their inspiration and technique.
Artists are vital.
Artists are welcome to apply for solo or group shows.
Artists are welcome to join.
Artists are welcome to send information, either by paper mail or e-mail .
Artists are welcome to submit a short story, statement or basic information for publication.
Artists are welcome to submit music for review.
Artists are welcome to submit music.
Artists are welcome to submit their details for inclusion.
Artists are Welcome to Submit their Portfolios.
Artists are welcome.
Artists are what makes SoHo more than just another non-descript shopping mall.
Artists are wholly responsible for insurance of all works.
Artists are workers.
Artists are wrong.
Artists are yet to be confirmed but the event is definitely worth checking out.
Artists are, above all, men who want to become inhuman.
Artists are, by and large, flexible people with open minds and friendly dispositions.
Artists argue with color, with form or without form.
Artists arrive that night, and begin to carve as crowds gather.
Artists articulate our desires and our dreams.
Artists ask that question all the time.
Artists assume risk for damage to works submitted for presentation.
Artists baha boukhari cartoon - The first Palestinian cartoon web site.
Artists barter their art all the time.
Artists become a new source of creative input into technology development.
Artists become archaeologists, uncovering, interpreting and reconstructing magnificent digs.
Artists become eligible for rankings once they have charted three hits.
Artists become very energetic when music is added.
Artists beg to differ out of their love.
Artists begin by hand polishing and then heating the bronze.
Artists begin to gain full recognition as they come into their fifties and sixties.
Artists begin working with clay and later cast faces and hands with wax.
Artists being artists are difficult to get together in one spot at the same time.
Artists believe the fairies put it there.
Artists benefit by having their work displayed in a public space.
Artists benefit from having their work displayed in a visible place.
Artists benefit from processing imagery quickly and with discretion.
Artists benefit through more efficient tour routing and savings on travel costs.
Artists blow through the tube to create shapes.
Artists borrow themes from mythological tales, literary texts or genre scenes.
Artists borrowing and appropriating from diverse cultures has a long history.
Artists bridge the worlds of the visible and the mysterious invisible.
Artists bring a unique perspective to design development.
Artists bring too much happiness to many people.
Artists buy art materials and hire other artisans.
Artists buy paint in tubes.
Artists call upon their experiences to create art.
Artists can access number of hits, but info on orders takes longer.
Artists can advertise their works for a low yearly fee.
Artists can also apply for artistic exemption in certain categories.
Artists can also create building parts.
Artists can also curate a room in the Art on the Net Gallery .
Artists can also lead the way in reworking the stories our culture tells about winners and losers.
Artists can also modify the CG and motion effects templates to add their own unique flare.
Artists can also opt to donate a work of art instead of the voluntary contribution.
Artists can also put their own artwork up on a milepost.
Artists can also use EMIS to design.
Artists can apply for the commemorative poster competition and visual, performing or literary arts.
Artists can apply for the commemorative poster competition, and visual, performing or literary arts.
Artists can arrange their own distribution networks-or distribute their works themselves.
Artists can assist with printing projects, custom framing and photomural exhibits.
Artists can augment the research process in several ways.
Artists can be healers who transform worlds of pain through their media.
Artists can be key innovators in development of ways to send information in other forms.
Artists can be so temperamental.
Artists can be zealous activists in stretching the limits of vision.
Artists can become businessmen now, it's what they have always wanted.
Artists can book several dates in the same time period by offering special price incentives.
Artists can bring or change their art only at the beginning of each month.
Artists can bring vital issues to public attention.
Artists can build an inventory slowly over time in response to the market.
Artists can call or write to receive guidelines for submitting work or a catalog.
Artists can choose to make the lives of their dealers a bit easier.
Artists can color the sky red because they know it's blue.
Artists can come to learn how to get themselves and their art up on the Internet.
Artists can compete for cash prizes as a member of a student organization team or as an individual.
Artists can continue to send work over the next four months.
Artists can contribute to the learning process for people of all ages.
Artists can create far more ideas than fall trees if given the materials to do so.
Artists can create landscapes which transform in direct relationship with their live music.
Artists can create new worlds which transform in direct relationship with their music.
Artists can create their own brush tips to get a unique look in their art.
Artists can decide just how much of the natural world they want to have in their work.
Artists can design or utilize supplied customer files to assemble designated print specifications.
Artists can design realistic scenery as backgrounds for their artwork.
Artists can display their work on the internet for free and offer it for sale.
Artists can display their works for the entire world to see and hear.
Artists can do a project in place of a paper.
Artists can enter in several categories - architecture, graphic design and product design.
Artists can expose everything they want to the whole world.
Artists can expose their works to a worldwide market rather than just local shoppers.
Artists can fade away tattoos to repair or make room for new ones.
Artists can feel it in the air.
Artists can find free flash for their shop, individuals can look around for ideas.
Artists can find sponsors for an idea for a salmon sculpture transformation.
Artists can gain work from a worldwide market place.
Artists can have a web site created and posted for a membership fee.
Artists can have their own web pages with information, news, photos, media releases and gig guides.
Artists can have their slides returned by including a self-addressed, stamped envelope.
Artists can help teachers further develop arts curriculum and creative teaching of the arts.
Artists can hike, bike or drive to the center and park facilities.
Artists can hire the gallery for a small fee.
Artists can identify cutting-edge spaces that do worthwhile work.
Artists can inhabit the free space of creation without fretting about the essence of art.
Artists can learn so much from children.
Artists can look at how color in an illustration or graphic works with other colors on the page.
Artists can make a dye from the fresh red fruit.
Artists can make creative signs and posters to show people how and what to recycle.
Artists can market their prints one at a time on an as-sold basis.
Artists can match their emails against our account sheet to keep tabs on the financials.
Artists can now create illusions that can fool the most expert eye.
Artists can often discover new modes of expression as they embrace a greater range of accessibility.
Artists can pick and choose the books they want to illustrate.
Artists can post their shows at no charge.
Artists can present and sell their works at the show.
Artists can present different songs in same ragas on tapes.
Artists can produce slide shows by adding music to a collection of their favorite pieces.
Artists can promote and distribute their music, audiences can play and download music.
Artists can promote their music.
Artists can publish their own works and smaller publishers can compete.
Artists can purchase additional services, such as scanning and graphic design.
Artists can reach people all over the world without getting pinned down by contracts or costs.
Artists can reach the heights of celebrity or more typically remain forever anonymous.
Artists can receive only one fellowship per artistic discipline in each category.
Artists can scan flowers, fruits, vegetables, and other still life.
Artists can sculpt and paint quickly and intuitively, employing a variety of powerful functions.
Artists can sell CDs directly to fans.
Artists can sell out.
Artists can sell their music here.
Artists can send for information on how to get listed.
Artists can send news of upcoming gigs.
Artists can shuttle through the footage at variable speeds, even frame by frame.
Artists can sign up for a fee to have their music included in the database.
Artists can sign up here and send in contributions here.
Artists can solicit their own clients with ideas.
Artists can submit images free of charge, for inclusion in the database.
Artists can submit material and get revenue as well.
Artists can submit slides and biographical information to be listed in the artists' registry.
Artists can submit slides of their work for inclusion in the archive.
Artists can submit their CDs for sale and promotion.
Artists can submit their own dynamic sounds and visuals to exhibit.
Artists can submit their performances by phone, email or letter, and the listings are free.
Artists can then augment their work through advanced digital compositing and special effects.
Artists can thrive in a capitalist system, and many do.
Artists can tweak inputs immediately after picking isolines and other surface curves.
Artists can update the content twice per year without charge, or additional times for a fee.
Artists can upload and showcase their works online.
Artists can use basic shapes to stimulate imagination.
Artists can use it to see if the glass covering their artwork from damage is UV protected.
Artists can use it to see if the glass covering their artwork is providing UV protection.
Artists can view gallery visitors interacting with their work.
Artists can view, respond to or bid for assignments.
Artists capture experience.
Artists carefully observe the real world .
Artists cede some of their customary freedom.
Artists Celebrate The Child.
Artists change and how artists make art changes.
Artists change things.
Artists change weekly.
Artists cherish the awards for the prestige they carry.
Artists choose a password.
Artists choose among techniques for different reasons.
Artists choosing to move to another section of the show forfeit their booth fee.
Artists choosing to work with telecommunications do so because they enjoy experimenting.
Artists collaborating on a performance from different locales is nothing new.
Artists combine real and imaginary objects to create fantasy painting.
Artists come and go, but there are some that stay etched in our memories forever.
Artists come and go.
Artists come both to perform in the festival, and to teach and learn in workshops during the day.
Artists come expecting corn fields and find sophisticated audiences and friendly people.
Artists come from all backgrounds and in all shapes and sizes.
Artists come from all over the United States to display and sell their work to fair visitors.
Artists come from Europe and North America and perform for three-hour sessions.
Artists come from seven states and are invited to a reception to meet the juror.
Artists come in and out of fashion like hemlines and lapels.
Artists come through our organization from visual and performance artists to writers and poets.
Artists come to enjoy the peace and solitude and to become 'one' with the natural surroundings.
Artists come to the school and work with selected students in different activities.
Artists come too, seeking inspiration from the primitive carvings and crafts.
Artists come up with novel ideas when inspired.
Artists comment on their craziness during video shoots.
Artists compare representations.
Artists compete as cover artist for local phone book.
Artists compete in oil, acrylic, watercolours, pastels, ink and pencil.
Artists compose and perform unique works that draw upon the strengths of the ensemble.
Artists concentrate on faces because they are such a source of visual interaction.
Artists conduct art workshops, demonstrate their art.
Artists conduct one workshop during their exhibit.
Artists connect people to each other, people to the earth, the present to the past and future.
Artists construct a reality of their imaginations.
Artists continue to be inspired by the beauty of flowers.
Artists continue to be inspired by the vision of the Trail.
Artists continue to create new gargoyles, grotesques and chimeras.
Artists continue to create prints from wood blocks.
Artists continue to explore new approaches to texts, spaces, and audiences.
Artists continue to use traditional materials and many experiment with different medias.
Artists continue to write lyrics and perform songs that deal with subjects they wished to touch on.
Artists craft delightful animations.
Artists Create a T-shirt design depicting the above theme.
Artists create and consumers consume.
Artists create and discover their aesthetic by working.
Artists create and donate clay bowls for the project.
Artists create art because it is what they do.
Artists create art with a variety of two and three-dimensional media.
Artists create artist portfolios and artist web pages online.
Artists create beautiful things in many different ways, like painting, drawing and sculpting.
Artists create certain landscapes that they, in a sense, walk through themselves.
Artists create charts, special headlines, and illustrations, too.
Artists create color.
Artists create complicated mechanisms that depict themes from mythology or literature.
Artists create form and shape and thus have much more controle over the lighting environment.
Artists create form through digital abstraction, montage, and metamorphosis.
Artists create global arenas for their work of art.
Artists create illusion.
Artists create images specifically for original prints.
Artists create images.
Artists create in a different way and have different values.
Artists create jewellery for adornment, ceremonies, and trade.
Artists create likeness.
Artists create masks and sets and stage skits during demonstrations.
Artists create monuments, symphonies, and even the halls and theaters where art is displayed.
Artists create new frameworks for artistic expression, subverting the technology into their palette.
Artists create objects and environments for specific functions.
Artists create objects that are beautiful, thought provoking, and sometimes shocking.
Artists create pastel chalk masterpieces on sidewalks.
Artists create pattern by repeating a line , shape or color over and over again.
Artists create patterns and textures using lines and shapes.
Artists create personal memorials in order to deal with their own memories.
Artists create sculpture, paintings, jewelry, music, and plays.
Artists create secondary and intermediate colors by mixing primary pigments .
Artists create theater company in the Vilna ghetto during the Holocaust.
Artists create their inspired artwork with their own hands.
Artists create their own original designs and sign each piece.
Artists create their own printing schedule by reserving press time on press sign-up sheets.
Artists create vases, bowls, sculptures, glasses, plates and lamps.
Artists create visual rhythm by repeating art elements and creating patterns .
Artists create works of art in their chosen discipline or medium, such as opera or sculpture.
Artists create works of art, while teachers mold students into their own masterpiece.
Artists create works that express thoughts they are wrestling with.
Artists create, and Entertainers make money.
Artists cruise throughout Europe.
Artists currently display their art in public spaces at their own risk.
Artists database now online, with connections and discog.
Artists decide what content to offer to their audience.
Artists decorate fibreglass cows.
Artists dedicated to an established and mature style help to increase the value of their work, too.
Artists demonstrate ability.
Artists demonstrate, display and sell their artwork.
Artists depict families sitting comfortably in the shaded wagon as the beasts dutifully plod onward.
Artists depict the 'Oni' with horns and wearing tiger skins.
Artists deserve a degree of control over their work, and it's the way they make their living.
Artists deserve the independence appropriate to their gifts.
Artists deserve their fair shake at getting space to share their creations.
Artists deserve to be paid.
Artists deserve to have their contributions recognized.
Artists develop ideas.
Artists develop new ideas.
Artists develop preferences for particular brands as they go along.
Artists develop techniques which draw heavily from previous methods.
Artists devoted to their subjects have the right approach.
Artists differ by expressing Africa in their own style.
Artists discover themselves and their art here.
Artists discuss their performances and pieces as part of the programs.
Artists dislike labels.
Artists display and sell their art with food from local restaurants and live entertainment.
Artists display drawings and watercolours, usually of Warsaw scenes.
Artists display talent.
Artists display works and discuss techniques.
Artists divine what is apparent yet inexpressible.
Artists do amaze jobs.
Artists do commission work, too.
Artists do good jobs.
Artists do have a bias.
Artists do it all the time.
Artists do it in the buff.
Artists do it.
Artists do jobs.
Artists do that kind of thing.
Artists do, too.
Artists don t create problems, they work through the situation.
Artists donate original pieces of their work to be given as prizes.
Artists dot the landscape capturing on canvas favorite landmarks.
Artists draw inspiration from a number of influences, be they cultural, historical or personal.
Artists draw inspiration from many sources.
Artists draw objects and artifacts and trace wall drawings and graffiti.
Artists draw on a number of sources, including their cultural heritage.
Artists draw sketches.
Artists draw upon Hellenistic examples of painting and architecture.
Artists draw what they see and that is why ancient drawings show UFOs and strange space creatures.
Artists earn fees for their creative work while supporting worthy organizational goals and programs.
Artists earn money based upon listening activity on their Artist page.
Artists eat, they use shelter, use tools, all energy measurable, in order to make their art.
Artists embarking on shorter tours are another factor.
Artists enhance the face and design the hair, whether it be for beauties or beasts.
Artists enhance the surface with acrylic brush strokes and seal the replica for preservation.
Artists enjoy painting objects they collect from the natural world.
Artists enjoy unprecedented freedom in the United States today.
Artists enrich the patina of each lamp lending an aged yet contemporary quality.
Artists especially deserve much control over the product.
Artists exhibit and sell their paintings.
Artists exhibit in a beautiful and relaxed environment.
Artists exhibit in fairies or Salons.
Artists exist in society.
Artists explore ideas.
Artists explore issues being investigated by every university discipline.
Artists explore questions of identity in a multicultural, pluralistic world.
Artists explore visual narratives.
Artists explore ways.
Artists express a lot of controversial ideas.
Artists express delight in having a bow with strong sound making potential in the upper quarter.
Artists express eternal meanings in their work.
Artists express joys.
Artists express their own agonies and transfer through their artistic work their own messages.
Artists express, sciences don t so much.
Artists face similar problems.
Artists face the difficulty of reaching audiences without corporate mass distribution.
Artists feel like they are in the void of nonrecognition.
Artists find diverse subjects in urban environments.
Artists find it difficult get further than their own back unless they have a hit.
Artists find it hard to stick to a narrow course of work.
Artists find new ways to view the past, explain the present and influence the future.
Artists Find out what well-known trombonists have on their web sites.
Artists Find people.
Artists find subject matter for unlimited sources of drama in weather-related events.
Artists find their muse here, and romance is easy.
Artists find they're useful tools.
Artists firsts policy.
Artists fly over the stage, attached to trolleys on the overhead tracks.
Artists furiously spray their masterpieces to ward off wrinkling before the judges come by.
Artists gain experience.
Artists gather here.
Artists generally draw and paint certain types of subject matter.
Artists generally go with their gut instincts in terms of what looks good or what looks cool.
Artists generally make their money from concert appearances and song royalties.
Artists generally receive about half of the rental fees.
Artists generally seem happy to defer to the conservators anyway.
Artists generally work with two-dimensional art forms.
Artists get a piece of the distributor's share.
Artists get a second chance at the brass ring, let alone a third.
Artists get a very good reception and like the people.
Artists get credit.
Artists get experience.
Artists get first choice for places at workshops, etc.
Artists get nearly a half-hour to perform.
Artists get rave reviews when they revive work from the past.
Artists get so little recognition, it is a blessing to get any kind of free ink.
Artists get tired of doing the same things over and over again.
Artists get tired printing twenty dollar bills by hand.
Artists get too involved in their ability to create and that's all they do.
Artists give details.
Artists give monthly lectures on a volunteer basis to organized groups.
Artists give public lectures, visit classes, and meet with independent study and honors students.
Artists give shape, project the public image, and link the various pieces into a meaningful whole.
Artists give step by step instruction for techniques and tolls they use in their work.
Artists give step by step instruction for the techniques and tools they use in their work.
Artists give their music for free.
Artists give to the city a personality and life force that no amount of money can buy.
Artists give to the world, that part of their soul that demands to be shared.
Artists give, and give, and give.
Artists glue little copper strips to the copper casting.
Artists go free.
Artists go into an altered state while working.
Artists grasp the forms, the universals in the particulars.
Artists grow and stay inspired through play, experimentation, and practice.
Artists guess who they are.
Artists handle their own shipping and handling to the customer.
Artists has a pretty good listing of artists and artist resources.
Artists hate moir patterns because they can sometimes ruin a printed photo or drawing.
Artists have (part) arms.
Artists have (part) body substances.
Artists have (part) cell membranes.
Artists have (part) cells.
Artists have (part) corpi.
Artists have (part) cytoplasm.
Artists have (part) heads.
Artists have (part) human bodies.
Artists have (part) legs.
Artists have (part) material bodies.
Artists have (part) necks.
Artists have (part) nuclei.
Artists have (part) personality.
Artists have (part) plasma membranes.
Artists have (part) sections.
Artists have (part) vacuoles.
Artists have a commitment to the music, to truth, to beauty.
Artists have a free speech right to record and distribute their work.
Artists have a hard life of it over there, and their work shows it.
Artists have a legitimate First Amendment right to be as creative, or warped, as they want to be.
Artists have a more intuitive nature and feel things differently.
Artists have a reputation for being moody and melodramatic for a reason.
Artists have a right to be modest and a duty to be vain.
Artists have a right to do their own thing.
Artists have a sacred quest to reach toward the source of life with their art.
Artists have a special opportunity to learn craft techniques by working with village artists.
Artists have a variety of reasons for joining a cooperative gallery.
Artists have a way a loosening up a congregation to create room for the spirit to operate.
Artists have a wonderful opportunity in the life that they choose.
Artists have all sorts of weird conflicts about their work.
Artists have all the power.
Artists have always know the value of dreams for inspiration.
Artists have businesses.
Artists have colors shapes and form.
Artists have creating beautiful works of art in Ireland for a very long time.
Artists have experience.
Artists have few places to turn.
Artists have hands.
Artists have impact.
Artists have interest.
Artists have interpretations.
Artists have it so easy.
Artists have long preferred canvas to cardboard or paper.
Artists have long-buried aims and influences, while the present day has freshly buried prejudices.
Artists have many reasons for moving away from the core of the bluegrass sound.
Artists have new theories and improved materials.
Artists have newfound leeway to choose their topics and display their work abroad.
Artists have no tricks up their sleeves.
Artists have no wholesale source for many art materials.
Artists have private sleeping accommodations plus a separate workspace.
Artists have quirks and Vivek only works at night.
Artists have rights.
Artists have the ability to edit their own entries and change their images.
Artists have the ability to edit their own entries, and change their images.
Artists have the ability to influence the world in righteousness, truth and beauty.
Artists have the abilityto influencethe world in righteous- ness, truth and beauty.
Artists have the capacity to call people back to solidarity and tenderness.
Artists have the freedom to design their own artistic screen elements.
Artists have the opportunity to guide their work from studio production through formal presentation.
Artists have the right and responsibility to use the images, forms and colors which seem suitable.
Artists have the right to be for religion, and against it.
Artists have the right to create anti-Catholic art.
Artists have the right to display anti-Catholic art.
Artists have the right to express their views and ideas.
Artists have the same experience.
Artists have their own trade unions which protect their interests and promote their work.
Artists have their pictures on prominent walls.
Artists have their specialties, specific styles of tattooing that they excel at and love to do.
Artists have theories and they can be said to conduct experiments.
Artists have to be brave and stand up for their work.
Artists have to be outside to feel the world in a different way.
Artists have to deal with business people and business people have to deal with artists.
Artists have to develop the ability to see in careful and complete ways.
Artists have to keep going further out to obtain the same results in our souls.
Artists have to know how to go to the edge, let go, and allow the art to happen.
Artists have to make up their mind about that.
Artists have to pay bills and eat just like everyone else.
Artists have to pay the bills too.
Artists have to produce art, marketers have to relate the art to the public.
Artists have to rally together and become a strong force in order to defend their basic rights.
Artists have to respond to designs that are already decided.
Artists have to work their talent like someone lifting weights.
Artists have two opportunities a year to try for signature membership.
Artists have very different views on piracy.
Artists help each other with their work and offer workshops to the community.
Artists help people stay in touch with their feelings.
Artists help regional council illustrate important message.
Artists here work together as well as help new artists in getting up on the Internet.
Artists hired by firms often start with relatively routine work.
Artists hope to perform here.
Artists illustrate a point in space by drawing a dot.
Artists impose structure on memory to clarify the elusive patterns.
Artists influence the masses.
Artists inspire imagination.
Artists interpret faith in a juried exhibit at one of Cleveland s oldest churches.
Artists interpret musical works through their performance and by making recordings.
Artists invest time and precious materials in small, portable works.
Artists involved in the group come from all over the world.
Artists just get all the crap for it because it's easiest to spot.
Artists keep any proceeds from the sale of their work.
Artists keep their social criticism hidden in plain sight and the government looks the other way.
Artists know anyway that their work is too complex for rules.
Artists know for paintings.
Artists know problems.
Artists know stories.
Artists know that warm and cool colors have different psychological effects.
Artists know the quality of aesthetics in mineral specimens better than most collectors.
Artists know WHY they do what they do.
Artists lead two one-hour sessions per week, per class.
Artists learn about art associations on both the national and local levels.
Artists Learn art by studying the lives and works of famous artists.
Artists learn art of doing business at seminar.
Artists learn from tradition and struggle to escape it.
Artists learn more by doing their own work than by observing the work of others.
Artists learn techniques to make slides of their original artwork.
Artists lend their work for a year.
Artists like to have their work admired.
Artists linen An un-pressed linen which serves as a background in embroidery and painting.
Artists list The following artists are included in Search The Light with the works listed here.
Artists list their favorite equipment.
Artists listed above are subject to change.
Artists listed are music cuts only.
Artists live and paint in factories converted to studio lofts.
Artists live and work here.
Artists live in the same world as everyone else.
Artists living in Manhattan are a dying breed . . .
Artists Look at Art.
Artists Look at Guns .
Artists look at life as a possibility, and as a collaboration.
Artists look at the world and summarize or re-interpret it for everybody else.
Artists look for shock value rather than humanitarian value.
Artists Look no further .
Artists look tense and focused.
Artists lose in two ways.
Artists lose money.
Artists love a challenge, so they try to solve visual problems.
Artists love to be given free rein when buying art supplies.
Artists love to strut their stuff.
Artists love to talk about their process and their inspiration.
Artists love workshirts'.
Artists maintain basilisk stares.
Artists make a home on the web and invite strangers in.
Artists make a statement.
Artists make a tiny, tiny amount out of their music compared to the record companies.
Artists make a world of difference, even if they are just singing and dancing.
Artists make all their other meals.
Artists make almost as much money as professional football players.
Artists make almost nothing off what they create as it is.
Artists make art and once that art is made, they make more.
Artists make art.
Artists make bears because they enjoy doing it.
Artists make images.
Artists make multiple images.
Artists make paintings, in some degree, for the world.
Artists make picture pictures.
Artists make sketches, and small preliminary drawings before starting on their big projects.
Artists make studies or practice sketches to solve proportional problems.
Artists make the best friends most of the time.
Artists make the characters and scenery.
Artists make the music, dress in fancy clothes and demand attention and ego strokes.
Artists make their dreams come true in their dance, art work, or music.
Artists make their way in spite of a lot, they are tremendously resilient.
Artists make use of what they know about the sizes of parts of the body.
Artists make visual lists to develop and elaborate good ideas and to eliminate weak ideas.
Artists make what they make for a reason.
Artists march to the beat of a different drummer.
Artists master the form.
Artists master their crafts in one of Tamarack's five demonstration studios daily.
Artists meet and display their works at several cafes in the area.
Artists mix the ink with water to create gray tones in their work.
Artists move around.
Artists move in the opposite direction, trying to embody it, embody it, whatever it is.
Artists move into a seedy area, giving it tone and vitality.
Artists needs to make the file sound more expressive and melodic.
Artists never get their due reward.
Artists normally spend years honing their craft.
Artists now confront head-on the interactive role of art in society.
Artists now focus on details of character personalities and overall virtual world design.
Artists now have access to a warehouse which houses all their offline merchandise as well.
Artists now struggle to keep up their own identity in style as new styles are introduced everyday.
Artists occasionally organize unofficial shows, though much less often than in Beijing.
Artists occupy lofts in places developers are eyeing.
Artists offer a variety of musical styles.
Artists offer gallery talks, panel discussions and workshops.
Artists offer their services for corporate events, festivals, and special occassions.
Artists offer their society a cultural means of identifying and imagining itself.
Artists offer to take children into their studios.
Artists only get a small percentage of the revenue from every CD anyway.
Artists only have to offer one song for free.
Artists open their studios and galleries and merchants stay open for after-hours shopping.
Artists open their studios and workshops to share and sell their work to the public.
Artists open their workspaces and homes.
Artists open up their private studios for the weekend and exhibit their crafts.
Artists ought to be getting compensated for their intellectual property, period.
Artists paint an inviting land of captivating white sand deserts and breathtaking mountains.
Artists paint canvases.
Artists paint Civil War scenes, for the most part, because they sell .
Artists paint it.
Artists paint it's portrait .
Artists paint landscapes evocative of the timeless beauty of our area.
Artists paint on cloth instead of canvas, using industrial paints and brushes.
Artists paint the countryside.
Artists paint their most popular works more than once.
Artists paint with their heart and soul.
Artists palette on the side.
Artists participate in drawing, painting, printing, and puppetry sessions.
Artists pay a nominal fee to be listed.
Artists pay a yearly fee to be listed on the site.
Artists pay for the listing.
Artists pay no commission.
Artists pay nominal monthly rent, their own airfare, and daily living expenses.
Artists pay their own studio, recording, and production costs.
Artists pay transportation and materials.
Artists perceive the world differently.
Artists perform and exhibit in schools, libraries, and community centers.
Artists perform on-site.
Artists performing at casinos often rent beachfront homes here.
Artists placed on the mailing list receive information about active acquisition projects.
Artists plan ahead, so what they think becomes reality.
Artists play an essential role in the digital world.
Artists play an important role both in reflecting and challenging social concerns of the day.
Artists play an important role in reflecting and challenging social concerns of the day.
Artists portray genetic concerns.
Artists post artwork online.
Artists practicing any art form are eligible to apply for a grant.
Artists prefer stone for their personal chops.
Artists prefer that the main seating areas be filled.
Artists present a fabulous show where anything goes.
Artists present a new concept and engineers provide technologies to realize it.
Artists present everything from pottery to portraits, stained glass to stone sculpture.
Artists present ideas and models to an arts panel selected by the arts commission.
Artists present the life and activity of each artist.
Artists presents the life and activity of each artist.
Artists presumably place their work in the public arena so that other people can experience it.
Artists price their own work.
Artists pride themselves on being able to reproduce the world they have carefully observed.
Artists produce shades of a given hue by adding black, tints by adding white.
Artists provide a necessary function in our society.
Artists provide own transportation.
Artists provide their own food and artist's materials.
Artists purchase own food and prepare own meals.
Artists purchase their own food and prepare their own meals.
Artists pursue education.
Artists pushing the limit don t get much attention.
Artists range from kindergarten to high school seniors.
Artists range from old painters and sketchers to metal smiths and everything in between and beyond.
Artists react to themes of consolidation, complexity, reciprocity, acceleration, and traffic.
Artists Read a brief biography or autobiography of artists presently exhibiting.
Artists readily notice that there are none of the signs of painting or drawing.
Artists receive a copy of the magazine.
Artists receive a percentage of proceeds.
Artists receive a private bedroom, meals and a studio.
Artists receive a reproduction fee for each artwork delivered to the public schools.
Artists receive a set of complimentary printouts as part of their registration.
Artists receive an honorarium for their performance.
Artists receive incredible promotion and distribution opportunities.
Artists receive three issues.
Artists receive weekly status reports listing sales and promotional downloads.
Artists reception to follow.
Artists record the discussions in their journals.
Artists recording here often comment on the relaxed vibe, the low-stress environment.
Artists refer to some contentious issues.
Artists reflect what happens in our communities.
Artists reflect who they are and what they believe in every piece of art they produce.
Artists render a depiction of the spiritual climate of their time.
Artists rent the venue and provide their own technical and front of house support.
Artists represent what exists and their own inner feelings through art.
Artists require different answers and ponder different questions.
Artists reserve rights.
Artists respond .
Artists respond through works that reflect the styles and flavor of the region.
Artists respond to situations from fresh perspectives.
Artists retain all other rights.
Artists retain all rights to their artwork, including copyrights and reproduction rights.
Artists retain all rights to their artwork.
Artists retain all rights to their work.
Artists retain all rights.
Artists retain complete control over product designs, prices, and profit margins.
Artists retain copyrights.
Artists retain full copyrights to their material.
Artists retain roster eligibility for up to four years once they are recertified.
Artists retain the copyrights of their artwork.
Artists reveal interest.
Artists run the gamut from rappers to pop stars, locals to international celebrities.
Artists say the great weather during the Arts Festival has made for sunny sales.
Artists say they're tired of that.
Artists scavenge street corners and salvage yards in search of symmetrical perfection.
Artists scribble away in coffee shops.
Artists see all things purple.
Artists see relationships where others see mere objects.
Artists see the world differently than accountants.
Artists see the world in terms of four elements.
Artists seek to achieve immortality through their works.
Artists seek to be able to influence people in a variety of different ways.
Artists seeking information about Falling Mountain, please click here .
Artists seeking to work with commercial firms are also ineligible .
Artists seem to at least occassionally find a way of living that is meaningful and satisfying.
Artists seem to be flying off in a dozen directions.
Artists seem to like the idea of experimenting with the mouse whenever possible.
Artists seem to like to paint still-life pictures of veggies.
Artists seem to prefer pummeling viewers senseless with strong-arm tactics on the showroom floor.
Artists select materials for art making which have in themselves pleasing physical qualities.
Artists send in tapes and resumes.
Artists shape the raw material of their lives into something more.
Artists share art work in digital form.
Artists sharing a studio have the same studio number.
Artists show talent.
Artists show the way.
Artists show their best sides.
Artists showcase their talent in dance, music, drama, opera, and storytelling.
Artists showing at the gallery are well represented in numerous public and private collections.
Artists sign their work.
Artists sit on the sidewalk drawing portraits and caricatures, while other people sell jewelry.
Artists sketch various angles of the character pose for sculpting.
Artists sketch, draw, paint, collage and even print all around the town.
Artists soar and gyrate, suspended from ceiling-tracked cords and conveyors.
Artists sound off to maximum effect at bass looping festival.
Artists spend a lot of time visiting as many stations as they can doing interviews.
Artists spend an incredible amount of time and money on art.
Artists spotlight reviews are random.
Artists start with tubes of clear glass and colored glass rods.
Artists stewart walker performing in atlanta, ga.
Artists still draw with grease pencils on old-fashioned limestone to make lithographs.
Artists still find their way here to work.
Artists still have much, today perhaps far more, to add to the vocabulary of the flesh.
Artists still make most of their money the way they always have, touring and live venues.
Artists still use business cards.
Artists still use the building as a subject.
Artists stop going for the lurid and settle for just the bodacious.
Artists strive to embrace our culture.
Artists struggle to capture that which already exists.
Artists study for years, experimenting with color, perspective, design.
Artists study live models and make many sketches or studies to practice.
Artists study so long, that they little by little find out all the beauty of the human body.
Artists subject their work to a rigorous application process in seeking the coveted booths.
Artists submit an application along with artistic samples of their work.
Artists submit new pictures on a regular basis.
Artists submit original artwork in postcard size.
Artists submit their drawings and proposals are matched to a sponsor.
Artists submit three slides of work, and a jury evaluates who is chosen.
Artists suggest their solutions.
Artists summon what is, quite literally, their viewpoint.
Artists support services.
Artists swallow hard as state starts testing What's being tested and what artists think about it.
Artists Take on Detroit.
Artists take risks all the time.
Artists take shapes from tree trunks, stones or the back side of a leaf.
Artists take their inspiration from many places.
Artists take time, they select materials, they try to express inner meaning through an outer form.
Artists talk about how African masks influenced their work.
Artists talk about money.
Artists teach drawing, weaving, ceramics, and cartooning.
Artists team up to put spotlight on black talent.
Artists tell stories drawn from mythology, literature, history, the imagination, and everyday life.
Artists tell the name of the song and give a brief introduction when it fits.
Artists tend to be self-centered .
Artists tend to receive much more attention after they die.
Artists tend to sell their curriculum vitae in the first book or film.
Artists then donate a representative piece of original work resulting from the park residency.
Artists then go to our music store or click on the CD links below.
Artists then make a mold of the clay sculpture and fill it with wax.
Artists then receive royalty payments at the end of each financial quarter.
Artists think and see differently than nurses.
Artists think differently.
Artists think programmers are a dime a dozen.
Artists think the world's problems can be solved with more art.
Artists think they have it, but there is more.
Artists throw out their ideas just as the farmer sows seeds.
Artists traditionally have trouble getting their work seen.
Artists transform themselves, their media, and their environment.
Artists transform trash cans into art.
Artists translate feelings and thoughts into many forms.
Artists try to find new ways to express themselves.
Artists try to make life worthwhile.
Artists try to paint it.
Artists try to reach a secure level of expertise in their artistic accomplishments.
Artists try, but they can never capture fire from the sky.
Artists typically hang with the crowd.
Artists typically have additional images or can create new ones.
Artists typically volunteer for service projects that require a creative touch.
Artists understand what they are doing and scientists understand why .
Artists update their images and new artists are added periodically, so please check back often.
Artists use a range of media, including glass, mesh, wood, feathers, vegetables and even human hair.
Artists use a variety of problem solving strategies.
Artists use a variety of tools to draw lines and each produces a unique result.
Artists use abstraction in many ways and for many different reasons.
Artists use an electrically powered instrument that resembles a dentist s drill.
Artists use boards.
Artists use color.
Artists use colors to influence the viewer's feelings.
Artists use depth cues in their paintings to produce the illusion of depth.
Artists use dinosaur paint brushes to create on online masterpiece.
Artists use drawing to loosen up or make notes for future work.
Artists use elements of style to make their sculpture look more or less realistic.
Artists use elements.
Artists use emotion in different ways.
Artists use high contrast to make something show up.
Artists use line to outline shapes, to evoke forms and movement, and to imply solid mass.
Artists use linear perspective to create a focal point for a picture.
Artists use new media to present their work in the expanding channels of real and virtual spaces.
Artists use non-traditionl art materials to creat tension between surface and structure.
Artists use outline to flatten images.
Artists use paint, clay, wood, stone, and other materials.
Artists use paints and other materials that have been developed by scientists and engineers.
Artists use paths of movement to draw attention to aspects of the work and to create visual balance.
Artists use patterns more intuitively and expressively.
Artists use plaster to make their own molds for slip casting their work.
Artists use reds, oranges and yellows to make objects stand out.
Artists use solubility in the creative process.
Artists use squid's ink in drawing.
Artists use the Art Search directory at their own risk.
Artists use the data to animate computer characters.
Artists use the term to describe the interval or measurable distance between preestablished points.
Artists use the various events to network, encourage each other and explore additional opportunies.
Artists use the web to market their work.
Artists use their hands and their heads and their hearts.
Artists use their imagination to come up with an idea.
Artists use thin sheets of gold to decorate objects.
Artists using computers undoubtedly know more about what is needed in their classes.
Artists using oil paint and tempera often use many layers to get just the right effect.
Artists vary for each of the shows.
Artists visit the collections to assist in drawings or paintings of natural objects.
Artists volunteer their time at the non-profit gallery in exchange for a place to show their works.
Artists vote at higher rates than the general public.
Artists walk through their creations, with every step clearly explained using screen shots.
Artists warm up by doing sketches.
Artists weave a variety of fibers to create beautiful wall hangings, carpet, and cloth.
Artists wishing to have their work displayed on the site can contact the proprietors directly.
Artists witness through chalk drawing at a community festival.
Artists work alongside our in-house team of master printers.
Artists work effectively in both collaborative and individual formats.
Artists work essentially in the black holes of creativity.
Artists work from typed copy written in the requesting department.
Artists work hard for everything, and it's like someone coming in and stealing their car.
Artists work in all mediums and newcomers are always welcome.
Artists work in hospitals, social service agencies, and municipal economic development projects.
Artists work in museums.
Artists work in studios, and their creations are packaged and sent around the world.
Artists work independently.
Artists work to incorporate both unity and variety into their work.
Artists work to their strengths, which is, in turn, appreciated in the marketplace.
Artists work too hard to create and deserve better.
Artists work with artists.
Artists work with classroom teachers to develop and teach arts-integrated academic curricula.
Artists work with difficult materials, ideas, and impulses.
Artists work with other artists.
Artists work with patients and their families on art-centered activities.
Artists work with teachers and students to use drama techniques to teach a variety of subjects.
Artists working in the visual, literary, or performing arts are eligible to apply.
Artists working with new technology are always at a crossroads.
Artists write their own information piece and it is preferable to recieve the text in digital form.
Artists always have cause for complaint.
Artists always maintain full rights to their work.
Artists always prefer to sell out and turn people away than play to half-empty arenas.
Artists always work with what is at hand.
Artists frequently comment about the warmth and involvement of audiences.
Artists frequently lack the skills necessary to convert a hobby into a profitable business.
Artists frequently move into lower-income neighborhoods, and begin transforming the community.
Artist often take the lead in how a community views itself.
Artists often appear in corpse paint and adopt pseudonyms.
Artists often avoid the challenges that arise out of the complexity of contemporary life.
Artists often can, and do, use their art to express their emotions.
Artists often combine observation, imagination, and invention.
Artists often combine several printing methods.
Artists often comment on the issues of their times.
Artists often confuse the right to create with the privilege to show.
Artists often depict science as a means for man to conquer the feminine- Nature.
Artists often discuss composition in terms of spatial relationships.
Artists often donate art materials from their studios to be used in the workshops.
Artists often engage photography without wielding a camera themselves.
Artists often function as new media's shock troops.
Artists often get ideas for their artwork from what they see in nature.
Artists often get their best ideas from everyday, ordinary experiences.
Artists often have suggestions that presenters never consider, and they'll be delighted to be asked.
Artists often incorporate more than one of the printmaking processes to create an image.
Artists often paint murals to tell stories about people.
Artists often paint portraits of their wives or husbands, children, and parents.
Artists often paint themselves.
Artists often perform in concert after the seminar.
Artists often play short sets to promote new releases.
Artists often portray very commercially viable images that promote business and attract customers.
Artists often say their characters take up residence in their head.
Artists often see no clear line between good taste and bad taste, what's lewd or tasteful.
Artists often strove to make their paintings more appealing than reality.
Artists often suffer form a similar form of infantilization and a re quite misunderstood.
Artists often use a different wood block for each color.
Artists often use our e-mail address to research grants, send and receive messages.
Artists often visit classes and meet with students to discuss the creative process.
Artists often work in collaboration with divergent community groups and interest.
Artists often work with alloys like bronze, steel or brass because of their durability and color.
Artist sometimes takes requests for pictures of specific breeds.
Artists sometimes are so busy with their own art that they miss other people's art.
Artists sometimes attends conventions and gives lectures.
Artists sometimes create permanent works of art which remain at the school for everyone to enjoy.
Artists sometimes depict people who have worked toward a personal goal or dream.
Artists sometimes use color to create an optical illusion.
Artists sometimes use jointed wooden mannequins in drawing the human body.
Artists usually acknowledge the fact that emotions are a large part of their work.
Artists usually do nothing but observe and represent.
Artists usually lie on their backs, holding bottles up to the light.
Artists usually pour their heart and soul into what they do.
All Artist Bears on Sale.
All artists appreciate feedback.
All artists are also welcome to submit samples of their work for consideration as cover artists.
All artists are available for commission.
All artists are crazy.
All artists are different and they all want different kinds of attention.
All artists are different, of course.
All artists are eligible to enter the open juried competitions.
All artists are energetic rock trios or full bands.
All artists are from the province of Saskatchewan.
All artists are independent and their work is for hire.
All artists are interested in finding an audience.
All artists are juried, and the range and quality of work is outstanding.
All artists are members of that list.
All artists are now free to express their own personality.
All artists are professional and there is a money back gaurantee.
All artists are professional.
All artists are responsible for their own photography costs.
All artists are searchable by genre menu.
All artists are subject to change.
All artists are welcome to join monthly painting projects.
All artists are welcome to participate.
All artists are welcome.
ALL artists are welcome.
All artists can be available out of tour periods.
All artists confront similar issues.
ALL artists do it from now and then, but in varying degrees.
All artists have a responsibility to try to make a difference.
All artists have different experiences.
All artists have different ways of working.
All artists have full length albums and EPs available including t-shirts.
All artists have moments of non-inspiration.
All artists have private collections.
All artists have specific talents and perhaps a variety of skills.
All artists have that quality.
All artists have the opportunity to sell their work through the site.
All artists have their off days.
All artists hold copyrights to their works.
All artists hunger to live their art.
All artists know that.
All artists know the fascination and challenge of the human form.
All artists lead at least one workshop and give one or two concerts, and all are very approachable.
All artists listed are music cuts only.
All artists live in South Carolina and are selected through a juried process.
All artists living in the community are elgible to join.
All artists LOVE it, and think it's a great place to play.
All artists love the bridge.
All artists pay for food and materials.
All artists receive an honorarium based on profits from ticket sales.
All artists reserve the right to cancel or reschedule a program if audience size exceeds limits.
All artists retain rights to their own material.
All artists seek recognition and communication and a relationship with an audience.
All artists start out working in the period style and period spirit of the day.
All artists tend to lead messy, inappropriate lives.
All artists use wood as their primary medium.
All artists wear commemorative T-shirts.
All artists welcome in state as well as out of state.
All artists work under the direction of an artistic lead.
All artists work with light, the light of their souls cast upon the human condition.
All artists working in computer-photography media are welcome.
All artists worth their salt have that integrity.
Any artist appreciates a good quality easel.
Any artist can explain how intimidating that empty, white rectangle can be.
Any artist finds it awesome.
Any artist is driven by strange forces.
Any artist is proud to have their work on display there.
Any artist is the bringer of light.
Any artist lives in that vision.
Any artist needs a good foundation.
Any artist wants to create.
Every artist begins as a student whether self-taught or formally educated.
Every artist bring own feeling of life in art.
Every artist can do pretty pin-ups.
Every artist can feel the magic when it happens, some try to explain it.
Every artist can participate with only one drawing.
Every artist enters that creative space but writing is special.
Every artist eventually encounters a creative roadblock.
Every artist experiences a moment, like falling in love, when their direction becomes clear.
Every artist expresses their own viewpoint.
Every artist has a complicated history.
Every artist has a deep well within their mind where ideas and emotions connect to form stories.
Every artist has a different path to some degree.
Every artist has a favored medium, be it charcoals, oils, or watercolors.
Every artist has a homepage.
Every artist has a unique voice.
Every artist has a vision.
Every artist has aesthetic parents, brothers and sometimes offspring.
Every artist has different marketing strategies.
Every artist has room to grow, and has to be able to accept where they are in the present.
Every artist has something within that calls out to be expressed.
Every artist has to express the pure and Eternal qualities of the art of all men.
Every artist has, it seems, their own least-selling, most critically acclaimed piece.
Every artist is a cannibal, every poet is a thief.
Every artist is a cannibal.
Every artist is a small business, creating something to be sold.
Every artist is affected by the tools and materials they use.
Every Artist is an explorer.
Every artist is competent, some are very good, and at least one is brilliant.
Every artist is influenced by another artist.
Every artist is treated fairly and honestly.
Every artist is unique.
Every artist knows that an exhibition record is paramount to success.
Every artist knows that.
Every artist knows what that feels like.
Every artist knows.
Every artist needs a place to be totally alone.
Every artist needs an audience to survive professionally.
Every artist needs colored pencils to sketch shade and doodle.
Every artist needs plenty of tools to skillfully create a masterpiece.
Every artist needs some source of inspiration.
Every artist ought to be an exhibitionist.
Every artist rightfully has concerns regarding the protection of what they've created.
Every artist tries new things eventually.
Every artist wants people to listen.
Every artist wants that.
Every artist wants their music to have longevity.
Every artist works from the figure during their training.
Every artist works with a palette and a clean canvas.
Many artist make practice pieces before they keep their best ones.
Many artist see a digital world as a promise for a brighter future.
Many artists agree to teach an occasional workshop or class in their area of expertise.
Many artists are closer to some of their own songs than the general audience is.
Many artists are committed to giving something back to the city.
Many artists are famous for their painted pictures.
Many artists are in fact interdisciplinary.
Many artists are natural and use images that can be adapted to almost any printed product.
Many artists are self-employed and sell their works to stores, art galleries, and museums.
Many artists are storytellers, using pictures instead of words.
Many artists attempt children's music as one-off projects, usually with dismal results.
Many artists attest that when they are working, they become channels for some higher Source.
Many artists begin doing free-lance work while still students.
Many artists believe that computers are able to do just as good or better art work than humans.
Many artists call Franklin County home.
Many artists call it like 'walking through Europe'.
Many artists chafe at such condescension.
Many artists choose a theme to follow in their sketchbooks.
Many artists choose to draw sketches for paper based testing.
Many artists choose to work with printers who specialize in limited edition screenprinting.
Many artists come and go home with a completed lamp or sink.
Many artists complain that the colonial structure encouraged people to make money rather than art.
Many artists construct their own glass-topped taboret to use with acrylic paints.
Many artists create art using experimental or unusual materials.
Many artists dedicate their lives to creating art.
Many artists develop self-knowledge as they explore and refine their work.
Many artists develop their careers on a daily basis in a manic or panic way.
Many artists develop writing practices in parallel with their visual art.
Many artists discussed on Typical Girls have records still available.
Many artists display exclusively at the Artworks.
Many artists do at least one self-portrait.
Many artists do well in small, specialized niches.
Many artists feel challenged by the dilemma of whether to create for themselves or for others.
Many artists feel now is the time to take the next step towards taking part in movies.
Many artists feel that knocks in the wood actually are the heart and soul of the piece.
Many artists feel they are tied to the contracts for too long.
Many artists find employment as educators in elementary, high school, and college settings.
Many artists find it is difficult to make a living just by selling their artwork.
Many artists find other work because of their listing on the roster.
Many artists find teaching a good way to support their creative activities.
Many artists have a romanticized idea of what it is to be an artist.
Many artists have a very close relationship with many of their customers and like it that way.
Many artists have autograph sessions after their performance.
Many artists have clear-cut genesis moments.
Many artists have favorite subjects in which they specialize.
Many artists have regular open calling hours.
Many artists have their diploma from the local art school.
Many artists have very little to say about science or theology, and remain secure in their own area.
Many artists heed that call and sing of better times.
Many artists hold second jobs.
Many artists jump into the music business at a young age and bypass any type of education.
Many artists know how to manage their affairs and safeguard their unique vision and imagery.
Many artists live and create here.
Many artists live on the island and their works can be bought in island galleries and craft shops.
Many artists love music.
Many artists make a sketch and commission the work.
Many artists mistake the word ink as a type of colorant.
Many artists now cross over into the world of sampling to add that extra edge to their music.
Many artists now do a casein underpainting, and glaze it in oils or in polymer.
Many artists now exhibit in remote warehouses or damp cellars, hoping to avoid official attention.
Many artists now have original works professionally appraised.
Many artists offer their ketubot with a blank text area to accommodate a custom text.
Many artists open their own company to sell their own music.
Many artists pay homage to the modest beauty of the perfect grey.
Many artists pay one quarter.
Many artists perform virtuoso works by forming incredible shapes with blown glass.
Many artists prefer no grout and place smalti pieces touching each other.
Many artists prefer the cradled panel since it provides a contemporary look to their work.
Many artists prefer to make their own oil paints from dry pigments.
Many artists prefer to play colleges and universities somewhere along their career continuum.
Many artists prefer to work at a small size and then have their original artwork scanned.
Many artists reflect contemporary issues in their art, song, and dance.
Many artists regard the current financial and economic crisis as an opportunity.
Many artists release video CD ROMs with their singles to boost sales.
Many artists rely on photographs or preliminary sketches prior to the actual painting.
Many artists remain, but skyrocketing rents and prices forced many others out.
Many artists report that when they are working, they become channels for some higher Source.
Many artists research the pictures they are going to draw.
Many artists reside here, offering very fine batik and modern paintings.
Many artists risk relationships with their family members and friends.
Many artists say it's the best way to research the market and make contacts.
Many artists say the show's main appeal was the chance to exhibit inside a museum.
Many artists say they get nervous before a production.
Many artists say they're close to going abroad but find it hard to leave their home country.
Many artists seem to think so.
Many artists seem to think that the objective of painting the nude is to explore eroticism.
Many artists sell their works to stores and art galleries.
Many artists spend hours, days, months and years refining their craft.
Many artists stay at the campground at the Park.
Many artists strive for serendipity in their painting.
Many artists strugle with slow development in structured education in their youth.
Many artists study live models.
Many artists tend to avoid the so-called musical categorisation.
Many artists think a waiver is their safety net.
Many artists think so and have used the shape within their artwork.
Many artists undergo startling stylistic changes during the course of their life's work.
Many artists use a device called changing habits of work .
Many artists use dreams and fantasies as inspiration for their work.
Many artists use perspective in their paintings.
Many artists use serigraphs to reproduce multiples of their work for a wider market.
Many artists use simple black ink while others use color for flowers and people.
Many artists use strong colors and strong shapes in their work.
Many artists use symbols in their work.
Many artists use the medium of the web for creative means because of it's freedom.
Many artists use the scenery as subjects for landscape painting.
Many artists use the web to promote themselves and their talent.
Many artists use the winning of awards in their promotional materials.
Many artists visit campus, presenting lectues and workshops in conjnction with their exhibitions.
Many artists volunteer their time and effort to make the art show a success.
Many artists work and live in their studio galleries.
Many artists work and live in their studio-galleries.
Many artists work and live in their studios.
Many artists work at home or in their own studio today.
Many artists work freelance and thus without sponsorship to attend our conference.
Many artists work in a field that is unrelated to art.
Many artists work off shock value, it takes only the true to admit it and still continue with it.
Many artists work with custom orders, thereby using the customer's own coat to make a bear.
More artists are due to arrive in the city today.
More artists are into new media.
More artists are to follow at regular selections.
Most artists usually look young for their ages.
Most artists accept innovation is essential.
Most artists agree that there is really no truly new idea.
Most artists also depend upon other arts-related jobs or second careers to earn a living wage.
Most artists also depend upon other arts-related jobs or second careers.
Most artists also make the mistake of including their email address on their CD or business card.
Most artists are arrogant enough to shoot for the stars.
Most artists are available for commissions.
Most artists are contemporary and some of the work is controversial in nature.
Most artists are never completely satisfied with the quality of their work.
Most artists are poor and they usually have to give up a normal family life.
Most artists are poor marketers.
Most artists are poor so self-marketing is limited.
Most artists are self-employed.
Most artists are self-supporting.
Most artists are very understated.
Most artists are well aware of what fine painting or sculpture is.
Most artists associate themselves and their work with particular places or people.
Most artists belong to both groups.
Most artists come up with similar results.
Most artists compare representations.
Most artists continue to draw from the figure throughout their lifetimes.
Most artists cover a song, and it ends up sounding like the original with a new solo track.
Most artists create color.
Most artists create illusion.
Most artists create images.
Most artists create likeness.
Most artists deal with ethics on some level, and so do gardeners.
Most artists demonstrate ability.
Most artists develop ideas.
Most artists develop new ideas.
Most artists display talent.
Most artists do amaze jobs.
Most artists do good jobs.
Most artists do jobs.
Most artists do much work like that, as well as some work that has public appeal.
Most artists draw sketches.
Most artists explore ideas.
Most artists explore ways.
Most artists express joys.
Most artists feel they are on their own in trying to bring their work to an audience.
Most artists follow some basic rules to make their drawings attractive and easy to read.
Most artists gain experience.
Most artists gather up paints, brushes and canvas, then head outdoors to paint.
Most artists get credit.
Most artists get discounts for endorsing big companies.
Most artists get experience.
Most artists get shows or representations by word of mouth, both online and in the real world.
Most artists give details.
Most artists have careers that move along on an even keel, or fly up and down like a roller coaster.
Most artists have eternity squarely in their gunsights.
Most artists have experience.
Most artists have hands.
Most artists have impact.
Most artists have interest.
Most artists have interpretations.
Most artists have no professional background in the field of identity development.
Most artists have problems with group dynamics.
Most artists have profiles and are represented by brief audio clips.
Most artists have rights.
Most artists have their own style and find no satisfaction in copying other work.
Most artists have to die before anybody ever notices they've done anything good.
Most artists have to suffer the wait that consignment inflicts.
Most artists have tour dates listen on their respective web sites.
Most artists hide out in ther dressing rooms until showtime, unapproachable and unavailable.
Most artists hold previews of their exhibitions.
Most artists know for paintings.
Most artists know problems.
Most artists know stories.
Most artists know that the key to success is to have their work seen by as many people as possible.
Most artists know the coldness of the nucleus around which their talent spins.
Most artists know very little English, if any at all.
Most artists like to be sure that their colours are permanent.
Most artists make images.
Most artists make multiple images.
Most artists merely respond to the overwhelming dictates of their own art.
Most artists never see a dime from their CD sales.
Most artists only get one masterpiece done in a lifetime.
Most artists own a combo for home use and practice because of the size and ease to setup.
Most artists paint semi-abstract with distorted human figures.
Most artists pursue education.
Most artists request that no reproductions of any kind be permitted.
Most artists require exacting specifications in playability, features and looks.
Most artists reveal interest.
Most artists seek a publisher with common ideologies.
Most artists show talent.
Most artists strive to create new and often bizarre techniques to make their art different.
Most artists teach or have other jobs to support their work.
Most artists think that they are rebels, or at least a teeny-weeny bit.
Most artists touring today have a children s matinee pre-designed and ready to visit the schools.
Most artists use boards.
Most artists use color.
Most artists use elements.
Most artists use masking on small areas within a painting so a small brush is needed.
Most artists use photographs for reference.
Most artists use the perimeter to launch themselves centerward.
Most artists use their instrument as a tool to hack out a preconceived hook.
Most artists wait a song or two before addressing the crowd.
Most artists work in museums.
Most artists work in near isolation.
Most artists work primarily in one medium, but they do have to choose a subject each time they work.
Most artists work with artists.
Most artists work with other artists.
Some artist avoid it on purpose.
Some artist deserving special mention are.
Some artist feel more secure in the knowledge that a contract is in place.
Some artists abhor super sharpness in favor of a slightly blunt point.
Some artists add eggwhite or the whole egg to casein to make it harder.
Some artists advocate raising prices a fixed amount per year, say ten to twenty percent.
Some artists also have biographies and lists of links.
Some artists also use innovative methods and non-traditional materials.
Some artists also use their chop to identify authentic prints.
Some artists apply all colors and complete the image for one press run.
Some artists approach the monotype as a printed drawing.
Some artists are able to at least achieve that middle ground somewhere.
Some artists are available for only one of the two shows.
Some artists are both.
Some artists are content just to be recognized.
Some artists are definitely 'colourists' and develop a very fine sense of colour and how to use it.
Some artists are happy to have an audience.
Some artists are in more than one category.
Some artists are like that, which is fine.
Some artists are like that.
Some artists are more involved than others.
Some artists are more warm and personable towards the fans than others.
Some artists are perfectly willing to do sketches for no consideration.
Some artists are poets.
Some artists are proud of their talent.
Some artists are quiet and very neat.
Some artists are self-employed and complete their artwork on a contract basis.
Some artists are skeptical about the government's more open attitude.
Some artists are travelers and adventurers.
Some artists are uncomfortable putting their works up for viewing.
Some artists are willing to stay in the homes of staff or community members.
Some artists attempt to add to the vocabulary of art, using groundbreaking, innovative processes.
Some artists attempt to depict the majestic coastlines, towering redwoods and fertile valleys.
Some artists avoid emphasis on purpose.
Some artists become methods.
Some artists become research methods.
Some artists begin the next.
Some artists bridge that gap.
Some artists bring ceramics and others items made of wood.
Some artists buy dry pigment and mix it for themselves.
Some artists buy into it.
Some artists can just sit down and be happy with whatever happens.
Some artists care for children.
Some artists carry a persona around when it is time to perform.
Some artists charge by size, others by the hour.
Some artists choose to draw attention to society's indifference to social concerns.
Some artists choose to leave their editions open, or unlimited.
Some artists choose to paint on unstretched canvas that is unprimed.
Some artists claim to use sleep deprivation to become more creative.
Some artists combine biology.
Some artists come through doors.
Some artists create an equation, factoring in materials, rent, utilities and labor.
Some artists create art from old junk, things they have found on the beach or even at dumps.
Some artists create art to make a living, but others create art to make a difference.
Some artists create family portraits.
Some artists create giant bubbles or tubes , often enveloping objects or even humans .
Some artists create giant bubbles or tubes, often enveloping objects or even humans.
Some artists create intricate designs that take many hours to make.
Some artists create oil paint reproduction.
Some artists create on canvas.
Some artists create paintings.
Some artists create portraits.
Some artists create reproduction.
Some artists create scenes.
Some artists create the pieces sold in the store as a means of therapy.
Some artists create wonderful scenes.
Some artists create work few ever see.
Some Artists demonstrate their art and skill during The Show.
Some artists depend on sales to survive.
Some artists depict mushers as insignificant dots in the looming Alaska wilderness.
Some artists develop a signature style which they practice throughout their careers.
Some artists develop treatments.
Some artists devote their lifetime to monotypes as a means of expression.
Some artists devote themselves to the search for beauty and meaning.
Some artists do allow their works to be freely copied, but they're very much the exception.
Some artists do crazy things.
Some artists do freelance work.
Some artists do have their own sites.
Some artists do much of their work while seated.
Some artists do outrageous or strange things to get attention.
Some artists do post production with an outside mastering studio.
Some artists do serials, tuning their story to suit that month's theme.
Some artists don t have many duties and follow a regular planner.
Some artists draw for political reasons and some do it for a leisure activity.
Some artists draw horns.
Some artists draw unicorn horns.
Some artists draw with tone rather than line.
Some artists embark on exploration.
Some artists enjoy working up a grisaille over a white ground, textured or plain.
Some artists enter markets.
Some artists even adapt their performances for a drinking audience.
Some artists even go a step further with full sized, mechanized creations.
Some artists even leave messages along with their graffiti art.
Some artists evolve over time.
Some artists explode from the dance floors.
Some artists express the sense of loss and confusion that results from dramatic change.
Some artists express their opinions directly through their inscriptions.
Some artists favor such technology.
Some artists feel restricted by the conventional practices designed to protect their artwork.
Some artists feel that art is a dead issue.
Some artists find interest.
Some artists get better as they get older.
Some artists give musical performances from the standard keyboard and mouse of a desktop computer.
Some artists have a built in cool factor that can be seen in their influence on others.
Some artists have a live-in studio, but have dialogue with their peers at meals and symposia.
Some artists have careers that involve a close working relationship with a commercial gallery.
Some artists have contracts.
Some artists have fickle fans who have short attention spans.
Some artists have hand printed poems that scroll out from the decorated egg.
Some artists have ranges.
Some artists have riders.
Some artists have several boards handy and stretch several pieces of paper at the same time.
Some artists have square hanko for their artworks.
Some artists have their own website links listed below.
Some artists have trouble.
Some artists have web pages and some have none at all.
Some artists have work displayed on-line.
Some artists have work for sale and accept commission for new work.
Some artists have work in several categories.
Some artists hold a lecture earlier the same day.
Some artists intentionally create visually unbalanced works.
Some artists intentionally exaggerate an image.
Some artists join crowds.
Some artists keep sketchbooks.
Some artists learn on the job from more experienced artists.
Some artists like to mix some of the egg white as well , for a different effect .
Some artists like to mix some of the egg white as well, for a different effect.
Some artists like to paint on board rather than canvas .
Some artists like to paint on board rather than canvas.
Some artists like to paint paintings in mostly one color.
Some artists like to use public places as their canvases.
Some artists lose quality.
Some artists love animals.
Some artists love to work in tones of black and gray, others have a wonderful sense of color.
Some artists make a pontil smooth.
Some artists make manipulation.
Some artists make only two or three important works in a lifetime, others make hundreds.
Some artists make senses.
Some artists make subjects.
Some artists make their impasto so thick that it looks like a veritable bas-relief.
Some artists mirror the time in which they live.
Some artists never realize any earnings for their work in the studio.
Some artists now seek to recreate a similar sense of art as ritual.
Some artists offer reproduction.
Some artists offer services.
Some artists offer silk screened T-shirts to order.
Some artists offer their work on-line at auctions.
Some artists paint brushes have very long handles.
Some artists paint from photographs of places they've been.
Some artists paint pictures.
Some artists place the stretcher on their laps or in front of their crossed legs, as they work.
Some artists possess expertise.
Some artists potentially cross over into other formats.
Some artists prefer acrylic to natural oils since it dries quickly.
Some artists prefer rubbing alcohol or a solvent such as mineral spirits to clean.
Some artists prefer to follow established routs and reap the harvest of immediate understanding.
Some artists prefer to live abroad, returning to the island from time to time for inspiration.
Some artists prefer using paint mixtures similar to mixtures used on traditional artifacts.
Some artists present demonstrations to the public, and most provide refreshments, as well.
Some artists pretend that the system is false.
Some artists print their images themselves.
Some artists produce much nicer things.
Some artists prosper enough to succeed as freelance designers or to specialize in a particular area.
Some artists provide demonstrations on most days.
Some artists purposefully obscure individual brushstrokes to achieve a smooth surface.
Some artists reach up to it.
Some artists reaffirm the Native world view.
Some artists receive copies.
Some artists record too little too late.
Some artists regard their sketchbook as a journal, others a sacred document.
Some artists replace gesture with unusual procedures.
Some artists require final say over the images that are chosen for reproduction.
Some artists respond to environmental and historical circumstances in their work.
Some artists seek out inspiration on a regular basis.
Some artists seek ways to test societal norms.
Some artists seem able to get it right the first time and then move on.
Some artists seize upon a theme and beat it into submission.
Some artists share thoughts.
Some artists sign their work large.
Some artists simply pay lip service to the notion of giving their all for their art.
Some artists simply use their biographies to generate work.
Some artists slide more easily into the box than others.
Some artists specialize in authors.
Some artists specialize in cartooning and animation.
Some artists specialize in pastels while others do only color oil portraits.
Some artists specialize in the design of lettering.
Some artists spin out entire narrative riffs.
Some artists squeeze good quantities of tube paint into the wells of their palette.
Some artists stamp different shapes in to the leaf.
Some artists stand apart.
Some artists stand out because of the catchy melodies they write.
Some artists suggest spraying a small amount of water on top of the paint to keep the paint fresh.
Some artists take chances.
Some artists take landscape photographs specifically for their paintings.
Some artists take pride.
Some artists teach art classes or give private art lessons.
Some artists teach at the elementary or high school level.
Some artists teach in elementary schools or colleges and universities.
Some artists tend to follow classical traditions and forms in their modern interpretations.
Some artists think if they give up their privacy, they'll die.
Some artists think that art is direct political action.
Some artists toil in obscurity, hoping to be discovered.
Some artists tour without posting an on-line schedule.
Some artists try designing their own web sites.
Some artists turn to forgery.
Some artists understand business.
Some artists use a journal and place entries and comments in the order they do the work.
Some artists use atomizers to mist the palette during their painting process.
Some artists use black hennas.
Some artists use color primarily as and emotional element and in an intuitive manner.
Some artists use colour primarily as and emotional element and in an intuitive manner.
Some artists use dark colors, others use mostly light ones.
Some artists use fabric.
Some artists use free sites, but then it gets objectionable when ads pop up.
Some artists use geometric figures in their art.
Some artists use hennas.
Some artists use images.
Some artists use it as an adhesive for laying beards and mustaches.
Some artists use monitors.
Some artists use mortar and pestle of a very hard quality stone.
Some artists use multiple monitors.
Some artists use style.
Some artists use technology as part of their works.
Some artists use texture as a major influence on our response to the work .
Some artists visit the co-op gallery before walking out to their cars.
Some artists visit zoos.
Some artists wait a lifetime to make a statement like that.
Some artists work better within the confines of a specific assignment.
Some artists work exclusively in Poser.
Some artists work for companies.
Some artists work in garages, some in spare bedrooms or basements, and some all over the place.
Some artists work in oils.
Some artists work in paints or clays, Emous in flavors.
Some artists work on their own, designing and printing the work themselves in their studio.
Some artists work with clay or paint, some with words or music.
Some artists write from the heart.
Some artists write their thanks on the sleeve.
An artiste is a performer
Artiste isa performer.
Artistes are more than welcome to contact the webmaster to perhaps implement their showcases.
Artistes are performers.
Artistes call to end 'cultural emergency' .
Artistes have (part) arms.
Artistes have (part) body substances.
Artistes have (part) cell membranes.
Artistes have (part) cells.
Artistes have (part) corpi.
Artistes have (part) cytoplasm.
Artistes have (part) heads.
Artistes have (part) human bodies.
Artistes have (part) legs.
Artistes have (part) material bodies.
Artistes have (part) necks.
Artistes have (part) nuclei.
Artistes have (part) personality.
Artistes have (part) plasma membranes.
Artistes have (part) sections.
Artistes have (part) vacuoles.
Artistes pour tous pays.
Most artistes are unknown and create their art for the love of their subject.
Some artistes decide to be either a villain or comedian.
Artistic ability is a gift.
Artistic ability is a plus.
Artistic ability is helpful in some specialized fields.
Artistic ability is the most important part of an effects artist.
Some artistic ability is preferred.
Artistic achievement is recognised and valued.
Artistic activities are most importantly unique, and they satisfy or frustrate uniquely.
Artistic activity is woven into the entire fabric of each subject and is used to teach all subjects.
Artistic activity is, however, fundamental to the human condition.
Artistic activity permeates every aspect of learning.
All artistic activity frees and harmonises the soul, and deeply affects our organism.
Artistic adventures continue to expand and thrive as demand grows.
Artistic affiliations have a long and proud history in Western art.
Artistic anatomy is the study of anatomy as applied to painting and sculpture.
Artistic audiences do as well.
Artistic care gives way to religious caution, and the picture sometimes looks starched, stodgy.
Artistic clubs provide an environment for training and performance of various arts.
Artistic competition sucks.
Artistic content can be everywhere and nowhere at the same time.
Artistic contributions are also very welcome.
Artistic creativity has myriad forms.
Artistic creativity is key to our development as individuals.
Artistic creativity is one of the keys to a successful video.
Artistic creativity seems to require some of that detachment.
Artistic design is one of our primary goals when designing a site for our clients.
Artistic development is paramount.
Artistic directors take notice.
Most artistic directors take notice.
Artistic discipline is meant broadly to include visual, performing and literary arts.
Artistic disciplines tend to mingle and mix into interdisciplinary forms.
Many artistic disciplines converge in puppetry.
Artistic diversity is encouraged and celebrated.
Artistic effects recreate the media of watercolor, oil paint, or charcoal.
Artistic efforts rely on observation, memory, and imagination, all life long skills.
Many artistic elements are noteworthy.
Artistic elephant sparks debate Give an elephant a paintbrush and call it art.
Artistic enthusiasm is alien to the critic.
Artistic events seem to be more at home there.
Artistic evidence suggests the use of wine in religious rituals.
Artistic excellence brings together a combination of many things.
Artistic excellence is a factor in UCSD presenters' decision-making, but so is accommodation.
Artistic excellence is the chief criterion by which projects are selected for funding.
Artistic excellence is the primary criteria for selection.
Artistic expression builds confidence and self-esteem.
Artistic expression can be a powerful tool in dealing with one s past, present and future thoughts.
Artistic expression can be unconventional and seem in a different era.
Artistic expression has many applications to the world of business.
Artistic expression has to be provocative.
Artistic expression helps define human rights and provides a platform for their critique.
Artistic expression involves taking risks.
Artistic expression is a manifestation of the unity of design and mateial.
Artistic expression is a revelation in being.
Artistic expression is also another language for children.
Artistic expression is an important component of outdoor field experiences.
Artistic expression means many things for the artist.
Artistic expression provides recognition for students in untold ways.
Artistic expression reflects that spirit, and so do the curricula.
Artistic expression sparks fads and societal protest sparks concern.
Artistic expressions decorate our school and display cases.
Artistic flair is equally important in creating messages that speak to people's needs and concerns.
Artistic forging is very individually expressive.
Every artistic form reflects the dynamism that is constantly building up the life of feeling.
Artistic freedom can be a risky proposition when there's funding involved.
Artistic freedom is absolute, and strong authors know that intiutively.
Artistic freedom is subordinated to the spreading of the proper revolutionary morals.
Artistic freedom is the result of that arrangement.
Artistic freedom is vital to both the cultural and political health of our society.
Artistic genius is an expansion of monkey imitativeness.
Artistic genius is explainable by heredity.
Artistic group shows.
Artistic growth is, more than it is anything else, a refining of the sense of truthfulness.
Artistic gymnasts compete only with other gymnasts in their level or grade.
Artistic house designs for America.
Artistic identity has no home, it is nomadic.
Artistic images have more impact than ordinary photography.
Artistic impression is also in short supply.
Artistic impression is based on choreography, music interpretation and manner of presentation.
Artistic individuals are creative, sensitive, introspective, intuitive and visionary.
Artistic individuals tend to extremes of dress.
Artistic integrity is more important than perfection.
Artistic integrity means telling the truth.
Artistic interest is set in an environment of comfort.
Artistic interpretation is developed towards achieving performance qualities.
Artistic interpretation is encouraged.
Artistic interpretation is great, but reality and interpretations are quite different.
Most artistic issues are.
Many artistic items are for sale at bargain prices.
Artistic jobs involve self-expression and relating to others through artistic expression.
All artistic judgments are subject to subjectivity.
Artistic lighting illuminates focal elements while setting the mood of a moonlit summer s eve.
Artistic look is one thing, but architecture is also important.
Artistic maturation is a lifelong process.
Artistic mediocrity is, essentially, art produced un-inspirationally.
Any artistic medium is welcome.
Artistic merit is placed on the back burner whenever commercialism carries the day.
Artistic opportunities abound.
Artistic paper is a term that can be applied rather widely.
Artistic people are often artistic, inventive, or insightful.
Artistic people can design good-looking pages.
Artistic people don t respond well to constraints.
Artistic photography can show as much expression and personality as other art forms.
Artistic play helps children develop both creative and fine muscle skills.
Artistic pleasure becomes nothing more than the thrill of rebellion, the tang of evil.
Artistic possibilities are as bountiful as they are eclectic and chaotic.
Artistic practice includes a constant questioning and inventing of artistic language itself.
Artistic practice is the most critical practice.
Artistic preparation provides additional career opportunities for all students.
Artistic process transcends subject area.
Artistic production begins with ceremonial objects destined to serve in a cult.
Artistic production is a creation
Artistic production serves purposes.
Most artistic production serves purposes.
Artistic quality is determined by the quality of the submitted documentation only.
Artistic quality is judged on balance, continuity, proportion, contrast and color.
Artistic rebellion is the least blatant but most gratifying means of spitting on society's shoes.
Artistic research helps pull a new string with a different colour through the growing mesh of links.
Artistic schools are well represented.
Artistic skill is a plus.
Artistic skills are also essential for sign painters, jewelers, decorators, and engravers.
Artistic skills are applicable to mant things from architecture to computer design.
Artistic skills are good to have.
Artistic solutions can inspire scientists in further research.
Most artistic speech is persuasive.
Artistic splashes are visible in bathrooms as well.
Artistic students can illustrate the comparisons.
Artistic style is a property
Artistic style is fashion.
Artistic style is manners.
Artistic style is one area of heraldry that is open to all types of interpretation.
Artistic styles are best when applying for creative or artistic positions.
Artistic styles vary among each slab, suggesting the idea of multiple sculptors.
Artistic submissions are welcome as explained in Finis .
Artistic talent is a plus, but imagination is more important.
Artistic talent is a real big plus here.
Artistic talent is another form of merit that is considered.
Artistic talent is another.
Artistic talent is crucial in all the art and design occupations.
Artistic talent is very important.
Artistic talent runs in the family.
Artistic talents lie dormant in a vast majority of the people.
Artistic training assists it a little bit.
Artistic training can play a role in scientific success.
Most artistic types are temperamental.
Artistic unity is impaired or absent.
Artistic vision is expressed primarily in the form and structure of an art work.
Artistic whimsy abounds all over the island.
Artistic work can include any form in technological media.
Artistic work is a sort of exertion.
Artistic work mobilizes many physiological and mental qualities.
Artistic works derive their power from the flow of air.
Artistic works represent the paradoxical nature of Las Vegas.
Artistic writers write in a distinctive tone or register.
Artistic writing is cohesive rather than fragmentary.
Some artistic writing is open-ended, some more didactic.
Artistical performances highlight the afternoon.
Artistry arises from the greatest depths, the collective unconscious of our psyches.
Artistry comes first.
Artistry has a purpose.
Artistry is a new art gallery and much more.
Artistry is apparent in every perspective.
Artistry is interesting.
Artistry is power
Artistry runs in our family.
ARTO meetings are open to the public.
ARTonline administrators receive copies of all correspondence.
Arts administration is no less a community effort than is support of the arts.
Arts administration is presented here in an historical, social and practical context.
Arts administrators support the arts and artists.
Arts classes allow students to experiment with a variety of media.
Arts department has their magazine.
Arts education can be a creative way of connecting young people into education.
Arts education creates a nurturing, fun climate and helps to build self-esteem through successes.
Arts education develops new problem solving skills and encourages discipline.
Arts education fosters an inventive work force and culturally aware society.
Arts education increases interest in academic learning.
Arts education is a frequent theme throughout the correspondence.
Arts education is a tradition here.
Arts education is a vital component in preparing America's children for the future.
Arts education is also a part of a quality school's curriculum.
Arts education is an essential component for the full development of all learners.
Arts education is an important part of helping our young people to develop full, active lives.
Arts education is basic to maintaining a civilization and culture.
Arts education is more than an extra curricular activity.
Arts education is necessary for students entering the job market of the twenty-first century.
Arts education is no less valuable as a collective training than school sports.
Arts education is our purpose, and everyone, with or without a disability, is welcome.
Arts education motivates kids in every regard.
Arts education needs to be seen as an integral part of the teaching proccess.
Arts education prepares students for college.
Arts education prepares students for the workplace.
Arts educators search for venues to mount student productions and exhibitions.
Many arts educators find themselves geographically isolated from colleagues or support providers.
Many arts educators say it's about time.
Arts exhibitions take place here.
Arts festival runs for two weeks.
Arts groups are no different from anyone else in that regard.
Arts groups benefit by acquiring new skills to move their organizations forward.
Arts groups do that.
Arts groups gear down into planning mode.
Arts journals Examine the art of cartooning as a business.
Arts management is a relatively new area calling for people with artistic training.
Arts patronage is often the extension of a genuine and passionate interest in the art itself.
Arts projects can rescue dying communities by providing much needed jobs through cultural tourism.
Most arts projects are inherently interdisciplinary.
Arts teachers use thinking skills unique to the visual arts to integrate the curriculum.
Arts therapists are concerned about their accessibility to the public because of cost burdens.
Artscribe magazine closes.
Artsy murals decorate the hostel. .
Artsy types can satisfy their itch by taking classes of various lengths around the regions.
Artwork adorns every wall in the place almost to the point of clutter.
Artwork adorns the backboards and walls, creating a festive atmosphere.
Artwork adorns the walls.
Artwork can be black and white glossies, kodachrome slides or even black ink on white laser paper.
Artwork can be color photocopies or photographs of altered books.
Artwork can be color, but black and white is preferred.
Artwork can be in any form such as installation, architecture, fashion, photography.
Artwork can be in any form.
Artwork can be in the form of one good copy and two clear reproductions.
Artwork can be line drawings, greyscale drawings, or colored sketches.
Artwork can be pre-quoted, so please call.
Artwork can be uploaded to the unit.
Artwork can bleed on all sides.
Artwork can often show signs of abuse.
Artwork can pass through several hands before a box or other container is printed.
Artwork carries a theme of wildlife and the hunter.
Artwork celebrates shamanic tribal traditions and honors indigenous peoples of the world.
Artwork changes monthly and also features many other artists and groups.
Artwork changes monthly in the center, which hosts a cornucopia of artistic endeavors.
Artwork changes monthly, so check back often.
Artwork comes with metal chain attached for hanging.
Artwork completed by the students is displayed throughout the school.
Artwork covers painting, sculpture, pottery and drawing.
Artwork covers the walls.
Artwork created by our artists meet the criteria set forth by our long tradition.
Artwork customized with names, dates, etc. is welcome and available at remarkably reasonable prices.
Artwork depicting different types of flowers is supplied as a guide.
Artwork encompasses a lithographic plate, reproductions, sketchbooks, and sketches.
Artwork enhances the sense of history.
Artwork establishes a relaxed environment.
Artwork features Chinese calligraphy and digital images.
Artwork features chinese calligraphy.
Artwork featuring the original impossible dream chaser graces the company's cramped conference room.
Artwork has many afterlives.
Artwork has many roles to play in our world.
Artwork helps attract readers.
Artwork Here is the art that was chosen for the shirt.
Artwork includes both graphics and lettering.
Artwork includes fanart, original, and more.
Artwork includes photography, blown glass, sculpture, pottery, jewelry, painting and rose malling.
Artwork includes various animals, and cowboy themes.
Artwork increases printing costs but is often encouraged by the underwriters.
Artwork is a business.
Artwork is a complex area.
Artwork is a good example of the snob effect.
Artwork is a personal expression of the child's inner life.
Artwork is a prepress item.
Artwork is a process of discovery, for the artist as well as the observer.
Artwork is a productive dialogue.
Artwork is a transfer and depicts a ship unloading in the harbor as shown in detail.
Artwork is a transfer painting under celluloid.
Artwork is accepted on diskette, zip, syquest, jaz or by the internet.
Artwork is altered to read Spanish writing on the watch tower itself.
Artwork is an answer for an empty entryway.
Artwork is available as frame-able print here .
Artwork is available for both versions of the brand marks as well as for the brand icon.
Artwork is available for both versions of the brand marks.
Artwork is available for sale from the artists.
Artwork is available in a variety of digital and photographic formats.
Artwork is available in print only, or matted and framed to suit.
Artwork is available in the art mediums listed.
Artwork is available on a six-month lease basis.
Artwork is available on the following garment types in a limited range of colors.
Artwork is available to satisfy and intrigue a spectrum of collectors.
Artwork is available upon request.
Artwork is available.
Artwork is by Batek children.
Artwork is by local Alaskan artists, and rooms feature beautiful pine log furnishings.
Artwork is by local artists.
Artwork is clean and attractive, and includes floor plans and an artist s rendering.
Artwork is commission based from our large selection of artists from all over Scotland.
Artwork is completed.
Artwork is copyrighted by original artists as given credit for in the tool tip box.
Artwork is copyrighted property of Bad Moon Studios.
Artwork is copywrighted.
Artwork is cradled between the strips assembled along each edge.
Artwork is created by residents of a community and used to beautify public spaces.
Artwork is created to reinforce the lessons and develop creativity.
Artwork is critical to accompany features, as are sidebars.
Artwork is displayed for on-line viewing only.
Artwork is displayed here and changed every six weeks.
Artwork is displayed in a series of galleries and is offered for sale by the artist.
Artwork is displayed on both sides of the wings.
Artwork is displayed outside of each classroom.
Artwork is displayed throughout the facility as well as in the reception area.
Artwork is divided into four colorful rooms that contain thumbnails set into tables.
Artwork is done by hand.
Artwork is done in a folk-art mixed media that tells of family togetherness.
Artwork is done in all mediums from photographs.
Artwork is due approximately five days after space reservation.
Artwork is due three weeks prior to publication.
Artwork is easily modifiable and is royalty-free.
Artwork is easy to find.
Artwork is eligible.
Artwork is exhibited year-round.
Artwork is expensive.
Artwork is for both practical and traditional use.
Artwork is for display purposes only.
Artwork is for illustration purposes only.
Artwork is for sale with the listing price posted on each painting.
Artwork is for sale.
Artwork is free.
ARTwork is funded by commissions from art sales, rentals fees, exhibit fees and membership fees.
Artwork is given a price per piece.
Artwork is hung on the walls and is for sale.
Artwork is imaged on a laser photoplotter for maximum accuracy and resolution.
Artwork is in color.
Artwork is in the process of being finished.
Artwork is in very good condition with minor creasing and browning.
Artwork is incorporated into the railings, pylons and paint.
Artwork is intended to be used only with legal herbal smoking blends.
Artwork is judged by how satisfying it is for aesthetic contemplation.
Artwork is kept on file for three years from last date of order.
Artwork is large enough to get the message across effectively.
Artwork is like a box of chocolates.
Artwork is located in churchs.
Artwork is located in museums.
Artwork is needed for the front cover.
Artwork is of a very high resolution or of photographic quality.
Artwork is offered for sale.
Artwork is often on display from local classrooms.
Artwork is original and copyrighted, permission required for reproduction.
Artwork is our specialty.
Artwork is part of publications.
Artwork is presented in raw form without any thought given to compression or reduction.
Artwork is prevalent throughout all condos.
Artwork is priced to fit both budgets and binges.
Artwork is processed through preflight check to ensure proper bleeds and fit.
Artwork is reproduced in duotone.
Artwork is required for the CD-ROM label and packaging.
Artwork is required no later than one month prior to publication.
Artwork is scanned into a digital file and then printed.
Artwork is scanned or photographed with a digital camera.
Artwork is scattered on the floor or tacked on the walls in a disorganized fashion.
Artwork is shipped immediately as soon as funds are received.
Artwork is shown on a rotating schedule.
Artwork is sold on a first come first serve basis.
Artwork is sourced from respected galleries, as well as directly from the artists.
Artwork is spread throughout the collection mostly in the form of tearsheets.
Artwork is subject to confirmation and availability.
Artwork is supplied to the printer in any number of forms.
Artwork is temporarily unavailable.
Artwork is the ephemeral moment of insight and humility.
Artwork is the essence of individual expression and creativity.
Artwork is the greatest eye-catcher for an ad, after size.
Artwork is the responsibility of the advertiser.
Artwork is the responsibility of the author.
Artwork is to be provided by the customer.
Artwork is unframed and sizes are the actual image size.
Artwork is used best when it's being seen and enjoyed by many people.
Artwork is used with permission.
Artwork is visual communication
Artwork is visual communication.
Artwork is vivid.
Artwork isa entity.
Artwork looks best displayed against a solid gray or black background.
Artwork needs to convey the message at a glance.
ARTwork negotiates all sales, layaways or rentals.
Artwork produced by Sydney prisoners is to go on exhibition for the first time .
Artwork ranges from oil and watercolor paintings to pen and ink sketches, prints and photography.
Artwork ranges from portraits, to photographs, to charts and graphs.
Artwork ranges from sketches to paintings.
Artwork rendered for any advertiser is copyrighted.
Artwork shows a police officer with baton standing guard next to a piggy bank.
Artwork shows examples of typical damage and keys to making an informed decision.
Artwork slides into the back-drop for a unique and colorful presentation.
Artwork speaks for itself.
Artwork starts with an original design painted on canvas.
Artwork submitted by and advertiser remains the advertiser's property.
Artwork submitted by other contestants is included in the guide.
Artwork submitted by the customer remains the property of the customer.
Artwork takes five to ten days to process.
Artwork trivets promotional products.
Artwork using any media type are eligible.
Artwork using high-key color is cheerful and optimistic.
Artwork varies with the time and additional materials required.
Artwork whould be line drawings in pen and ink or good photocopies of color works.
Artworks are available for sale.
Artworks are for sale to collectors and general public.
Artworks are great.
Artworks are in various media, including watercolour, acrylic, stoneware and pastels.
Artworks are on exhibit and for sale.
Artworks availalbe online only.
Artworks can have multiple audiences.
Artworks cover a broad range of artists, styles and periods.
Artworks engage our interest and challenge our ability of explication.
Artworks illuminate aesthetic elements, reflect social history, and test theoretical frameworks.
ArtWorks is available only on floppy disc.
Artworks is grant funding targeted to arts related programmes.
Artworks provide a number of dimensions for realizing experience and for creating knowledge.
Artworks sound is big and massive, with lots of keyboards and guitars.
Artworks stolen long ago sometimes do turn up.
Artworks often tell great stories.
All artwork appears with permission of the artists.
All artwork belongs to their rightfully owners.
All artwork done by the respectable artist is copyrighted.
All artwork here belongs to respective artists and is used only with permission.
All artwork is also available for sale.
All artwork is available as line art, or shaded, as per publisher's requirements.
All artwork is available both custom framed and unframed.
All artwork is available for purchase unless noted otherwise.
All artwork is available for purchase unless otherwise noted.
All artwork is available framed and installed nationwide.
All artwork is available to purchase online or in person.
All artwork is available to the general public for purchase at the Festival of the Arts.
All artwork is black and white and drawn with India ink on bristol board.
All artwork is captured in gold and nickel with an elegant blued background.
All artwork is cleared for use.
All artwork is composed of the watercolor medium.
All artwork is considered work for hire.
All artwork is copyrighted and has embedded security codes.
All artwork is copyrighted and sole property of the artists.
All artwork is copyrighted by the creators.
All artwork is Copyrighted by the individual artists.
All artwork is copyrighted by the site owner or used with permission.
All artwork is copyrighted to the original artists or their brokers.
All artwork is copyrighted.
All artwork is created using current industry standard software and graphic stations.
All artwork is custom made and fast loading.
All artwork is designed specifically for each customer.
All artwork is done the old fashioned way, pen or pencil on paper.
All artwork is expertly packaged and can be dispatched within three working days.
All artwork is for sale and any sales are coordinated by the curator.
All artwork is for sale.
All artwork is framed in premium clear glass, standard.
All artwork is framed using acid-free mats and materials.
All artwork is here, including the black and white and color items.
All artwork is in color.
All artwork is in pen and ink,colored penciled type drawing.
All artwork is labeled to reduce student confusion in the laboratory.
All artwork is left-handed unless otherwise noted.
All artwork is listed in inches and hight before width.
All artwork is mounted on illustration board.
All artwork is neat and attractive.
All artwork is on sale and can be purchased through the membership office.
All artwork is original and features the work of local and regional artists.
All artwork is original and free for noncommercial use.
All artwork is original work done by non-TSR artists.
All artwork is original.
All artwork is owned and copywritten by the original artist unless otherwise noted.
All artwork is owned completely by the artist.
All artwork is plotted by a high precision laser.
All artwork is property of the artist.
All artwork is provided with a certificate of authenticity and number verification.
All artwork is returned unharmed.
All artwork is returned.
All artwork is shipped standard overnight service unless otherwise requested.
All artwork is shipped unframed.
All artwork is sold framed unless otherwise noted.
All artwork is subject to approval by our graphics department.
All artwork is subject to availability and prior sale.
All artwork is subject to review before acceptance.
All artwork is the creation of local artists.
All artwork is the property of the artist.
All artwork is to be mailed in a flat envelope.
All artwork is to be supplied at highest possible resolution.
All artwork is to be supplied camera ready to our specifications.
All artwork is unframed.
All artwork is unmatted and unframed to enable the purchaser to chose a frame to their own taste.
All artwork is used for non-commercial purposes only and no challenge is intended to Games Workshop.
All artwork is welcome.
All artwork linked here is copyrighted by the artist, except when explicitly stated otherwise.
All artwork made during the residency belongs to the artist.
All artwork produced by the artist during the fellowship period remains the property of the artist.
All artwork remains copyrighted solely to the artists who are credited with each work.
All artwork seen on the web site is for sale.
All artworks are available for sale directly online, unless otherwise indicated.
All artworks are copyrights of the artist.
All artworks are Copyrights of their respective artists.
All artworks are copyrights of their respective owners.
All artworks are currently available.
All artworks are custom originals.
All artworks are for sale.
All artworks are original and handpainted.
All artworks are originals, signed and authenticated incl.
All artworks are properties of their respective artists.
All artworks are strictly by commision.
All artworks are unframed.
All artworks come framed and matted.
All artworks have an authenticity certificate.
All artworks here are their respective creators.
All artworks seen in the Internet gallery are available for purchase.
Any artwork needs to be supplied in PC format on a disk or by e-mail.
Many artworks are in the private collections.
Most artwork exhibited on the site is for sale.
Most artwork is accompanied by a poem.
Most artwork is for sale.
Most artwork is included FREE with each purchase, but some do have slight additional charges.
Most artworks are available for purchase online.
Much artwork is on display in the hallway, as are pictures from the year.
Some artwork has a negative response with some people.
Some artwork holds no potential for auction, because it is considered to be priceless.
Some artwork incorporates public-domain images.
Some artwork is available for personal use, please email for permissions.
Some artwork is created on canvas or sculpted from clay.
Some artwork is part of almanacs.
Some artwork is part of anthologies.
Some artwork is part of atlases.
Some artwork is part of booklets.
Some artwork is part of books.
Some artwork is part of catalogs.
Some artwork is part of cookbooks.
Some artwork is part of dictionaries.
Some artwork is part of encyclopedias.
Some artwork is part of glossaries.
Some artwork is part of guidebooks.
Some artwork is part of magazines.
Some artwork is part of manuals.
Some artwork is part of phonebooks.
Some artwork is part of primer.
Some artwork is part of publications.
Some artwork is part of textbooks.
Some artwork is part of vocabulary.
Some artwork requires written permission for use or the payment of a fee.
Some artworks comprise erotic and mythological themes.
Some artworks contain swearing and reflect controversial attitudes.
Some artworks take viewers on great quests and journeys, to places real or imagined.
Aruban children react as the solar event draws to a close.
Aruban people are a different race alltogether.
An arugula is a herb
Arugula can withstand light frosts.
Arugula resembles radish leaves in both appearance and taste.
Arugula resembles radish leaves in taste and appearance.
Arugula turns bitter in the heat of summer.
An arum is sugar
Most arums are aromatic.
Arxizei o dialogos.
Aryan features vary from fair skin and blond hair to brown skin and dark hair.
ASEs add application specific functionality without affecting the rest of the architecture.
ASEs have the right to know the evaluation criteria and procedures for written evaluations.
ASAE membership offers many benefits.
Asafoetida powder is an Indian spice with a pungent odor.
An asana is a position
All asanas are helpful.
All asanas are useful.
Asari blood is purple.
ASBC net is fairly new.
Asbestos abatement is nuisance abatement
Asbestos abatement is provided on a charge-back basis for auxiliary enterprise departments.
Asbestos abatement is underway and interior demolition starts immediately thereafter.
Asbestos abatement is underway, and demolition of the annex building has begun.
Asbestos abatement plans.
Asbestos cement found in many water systems is also brittle.
Asbestos fiber looks quite different than glass fiber.
Asbestos fibers are also a cause of lung cancer.
Asbestos fibers are also virtually indestructible.
Asbestos fibers are chemically inert, or nearly so.
Asbestos fibers are durable, flexible, strong and resistant to wear.
Asbestos fibers are exceptionally strong and are resistant to heat.
Asbestos fibers are extremely durable, lightweight, and fire-resistant.
Asbestos fibers are heat and fire resistant and extremely durable.
Asbestos fibers are microscopic and can cause severe lung damage.
Asbestos fibers are microscopic and virtually indestructible.
Asbestos fibers are microscopic.
Asbestos fibers are only a health hazard if they become airborne in sufficient numbers.
Asbestos fibers are resistant to heat and fire.
Asbestos fibers are resistant to heat and most chemicals.
Asbestos fibers are small, thin, and strong.
Asbestos fibers are very light and can remain airborne for very long periods of time.
Asbestos fibers are very small and some times invisible to the human eye.
Asbestos fibers are very small.
Asbestos fibers are very strong - too strong for the human body to break down.
Asbestos fibers are very tough and stay in the same harmful form in the environment for a long time.
Asbestos fibers can be as little as three micrometers wide.
Asbestos fibers can be in pipe insulation.
Asbestos fibers can cause asbestosis, a fibrosing interstitial lung disease.
Asbestos fibers can cause emphysema and lung cancer.
Asbestos fibers can cause health problems if inhaled.
Asbestos fibers can cause serious health problems.
Asbestos fibers can enter the body after inhalation or oral exposures.
Asbestos fibers can lead to a number of diseases including asbestosis, mesothelioma and lung cancer.
Asbestos fibers can remain in a victim's lungs and body.
Asbestos fibers can remain in the air for long periods of time because they are so light and small.
Asbestos fibers inhaled can cause a chronic health hazard.
Asbestos fibers reside in lung tissue and can cause lung cancer or emphysema.
Asbestos fibers tend to break easily into particles that can float in the air and stick to clothes.
Asbestos fibres are strong, durable and non-combustible.
Asbestos fibres can cause respiratory problems.
Asbestos fibres cause lung cancer and cancer of the pleural cavity.
Asbestos fibres kill people very slowly.
Asbestos litigation is a national crisis.
Asbestos litigation is an example of the team approach.
Asbestos litigation makes up a significant part of our practice.
Asbestos removal continues to be a problem.
Asbestos removal follows very strict safety standards.
Asbestos removal is also on the agenda of improvements to the library.
Asbestos removal is an expensive and serious undertaking.
Asbestos removal is an expensive process.
Asbestos removal is included.
Asbestos removal is monitored carefully for the safety of the work force as well as the environment.
Asbestos removal is necessary.
Asbestos removal requires disposable or protective coveralls, hoods, and foot coverings.
Asbestos removal start date and complete date.
Asbestos shingles are also an extremely durable roofing material.
Asbestos are fibers that occur naturally and are used in some industrial substances like insulation.
Asbestos becomes a health hazard when the microscopic fibers are inhaled into the lungs.
Asbestos can appear in fibrous crystal form and, when crushed, separates into flexible fibers.
Asbestos can be in ceiling tiles and flooring in older homes.
Asbestos can become permanently lodged in our bodies and can cause cancer.
Asbestos can cause a lung disease called asbestosis, and a rare type of cancer called mesothelioma.
Asbestos can cause cancer of the lung and stomach, and breathing disorders such as asbestosis.
Asbestos can cause cancer, and mismanaging it is a very serious matter.
Asbestos can cause cancers which can be monitored for early detection.
Asbestos can cause lung cancer.
Asbestos can cause malignant and non-malignant diseases.
Asbestos can cause scarring of the lung tissue and cancer of the pleural lining.
Asbestos can cause serious health problems .
Asbestos can cause several kinds of diseases, both malignant and non-malignant.
Asbestos can pose a risk if fibers become airborne and are inhaled into the lungs.
Asbestos causes a variety of diseases including fatal cancers such as mesothelioma.
Asbestos causes cancer, ammonia is an irritant.
Asbestos causes mesothelioma.
Asbestos causes serious illness and death.
Asbestos causes sickness in some but by no means all workers many years after exposure.
Asbestos Comes from deterioration of damaged insulation, fire-proofing or acoustical materials.
Asbestos consists of fibers of various sizes, colors, and textures.
Asbestos containing building materials are present in many buildings.
Asbestos containing material can be a potential health hazard if the fibers are airborne.
Asbestos containing material in sound condition poses a lower health risk than when damaged.
Asbestos containing material is present in all local schools.
Asbestos containing materials are dangerous if disturbed or damaged.
Asbestos containing materials are dangerous only if damaged or disturbed.
Asbestos containing materials exist throughout the building.
Asbestos continues to be a priority concern.
Asbestos enters the body through inhalation or ingestion.
Asbestos has many desirable characteristics.
Asbestos includes chrysotile, amosite, crocidolite. tremolite.
Asbestos increases the risk of developing benign intestinal polyps.
Asbestos induces apoptosis in human alveolar macrophages.
Asbestos induces apoptosis of pleural mesothelial cells via reactive oxygen species.
Asbestos is a cancer-causing agent when inhaled.
Asbestos is a cancer-causing material that never decomposes in the environment.
Asbestos is a carcinogen and exposure to it can lead to several types of health effects.
Asbestos is a carcinogen that mainly affects the lungs.
Asbestos is a category of mineral fibers found in rocks.
Asbestos is a commercial term applied to the asbestiform varieties of six different minerals.
Asbestos is a commercially relevant group of strong, ductile, and fire-resistant mineral fibers.
Asbestos is a common name for a group of naturally occurring mineral fibers.
Asbestos is a compound made up of calcium and magnesium silicate with long, flexible fibers.
Asbestos is a dangerous carcinogen.
Asbestos is a fibrous material found in rocks and soils worldwide.
Asbestos is a fibrous material used in a variety of building materials and industrial products.
Asbestos is a fibrous mineral occurring in natural deposits.
Asbestos is a fibrous mineral once commonly used in insulation and fireproofing material.
Asbestos is a fibrous mineral that when airborne can become lodged in human lungs.
Asbestos is a fibrous mineral, of which there are various types.
Asbestos is a fibrous, heat resistant insulating material.
Asbestos is a fireproof mineral widely used in building construction and manufacturing processes.
Asbestos is a general term for a number of naturally occurring fibrous mineral silicates.
Asbestos is a generic term applied to naturally occurring fibrous hydrated mineral silicates.
Asbestos is a generic term for a group of several mineral fibers that have similar characteristics.
Asbestos is a generic term given to several naturally-occurring silicate minerals.
Asbestos is a generic term used to describe the fibrous form of six different minerals.
Asbestos is a group of naturally occuring mineral silicates.
Asbestos is a group of naturally occurring minerals.
Asbestos is a hazardous air pollutant and known human carcinogen.
Asbestos is a hazardous air pollutant which was once heavily used in building materials.
Asbestos is a health threat when it is disturbed and becomes airborne.
Asbestos is a heat-resistant mineral once used widely in insulation and fireproofing.
Asbestos is a highly toxic product.
Asbestos is a known carcinogen and mutagen in both human and animals.
Asbestos is a known carcinogen.
Asbestos is a known human carcinogen.
Asbestos is a listed carcinogenic substance.
Asbestos is a major cause of health problems in America's homes today.
Asbestos is a mined mineral that is one of the most common environmental hazards in the world.
Asbestos is a mineral compound of silicon, oxygen, hydrogen, and various metal cations.
Asbestos is a mineral fiber associated with increased levels of disease when inhaled.
Asbestos is a mineral fiber found in rocks.
Asbestos is a mineral fiber that can have very serious health effects if it is inhaled or ingested.
Asbestos is a mineral fiber that is mined out of rock.
Asbestos is a mineral fiber.
Asbestos is a mineral fibre which exists in three main forms.
Asbestos is a mineral made of hydrated fibrous silicates.
Asbestos is a mineral that exists in certain types of rock formations.
Asbestos is a mineral that is mined from the earth.
Asbestos is a mineral that was processed and used in many different building materials.
Asbestos is a mineral
Asbestos is a mineral.
Asbestos is a mineral-based material resistant to heat and corrosive chemicals.
Asbestos is a name given to a group of naturally occurring minerals.
Asbestos is a natural fiber that is a good insulator and is fire and corrosion resistant.
Asbestos is a natural mineral made up of many small fibres.
Asbestos is a naturally occurring fibre often used as a fire retardant.
Asbestos is a naturally occurring fibrous mineral.
Asbestos is a naturally occurring group of minerals that can only be identified under a microscope.
Asbestos is a naturally occurring material that was used commonly in buildings for insulation.
Asbestos is a naturally occurring mineral fiber .
Asbestos is a naturally occurring mineral found in certain rocks.
Asbestos is a naturally occurring mineral found in soil and rock in some areas of the United States.
Asbestos is a naturally occurring mineral often used in building materials and construction.
Asbestos is a naturally occurring mineral.
Asbestos is a naturally-occurring mineral fiber that is mined from rock.
Asbestos is a naturally-occurring mineral.
Asbestos is a non-flammable mineral product once used for insulation and fire proofing.
Asbestos is a perfect example . . . . . .
Asbestos is a potent carcinogen.
Asbestos is a really extraordinary material.
Asbestos is a recognized health hazard for humans.
Asbestos is a regulated material that can no longer be used in construction materials.
Asbestos is a serious matter here, very serious.
Asbestos is a serious threat to one's health because it can cause severe forms of lung disease.
Asbestos is a special type of long-thin silica crystal, usually of the mineral group chrysotile.
Asbestos is a suspected carcinogen.
Asbestos is a term applied to some mineral silicates present in a fibre form.
Asbestos is a term used for several naturally occurring fibrous minerals.
Asbestos is a term used for several types of naturally occurring fibrous minerals.
Asbestos is a topic of vital concern to all involved in construction.
Asbestos is a well-known health hazard.
Asbestos is a well-known problem.
Asbestos is a widely used, mineral-based material that is resistant to heat and corrosive chemicals.
Asbestos is abated only when required for renovation, remodeling or maintenance.
Asbestos is also a naturally occurring silicate mineral, but with a different crystal structure.
Asbestos is also present in the backing on some vinyl sheet flooring.
Asbestos is an effective insulator against heat, cold, electricity and noise.
Asbestos is an extremely fine fiber that is easily inhaled.
Asbestos is an occupational and environmental hazard of catastrophic proportions.
Asbestos is another occupational carcinogen.
Asbestos is associated with lung cancer and asbestosis, a disease which scars the lungs.
Asbestos is back in the home improvement, automotive and construction businesses.
Asbestos is bad, bad, bad dangerous evil shit.
Asbestos is cheaper but carries environmental concerns.
Asbestos is composed of long thin fibers and it makes an excellent insulating material.
Asbestos is dangerous only if the microscopic fibers are inhaled.
Asbestos is definitely due to quite high doses of asbestos.
Asbestos is durable, fire retardant, resists corrosion, and insulates well.
Asbestos is far and away a superior refractory, both in price and utility.
Asbestos is fire resistant and tough.
Asbestos is fireproof.
Asbestos is found in older homes.
Asbestos is found in shingles, asphalt, plastics, concrete, pipes and paint.
Asbestos is found in some vinyl floor tiles and the backing on vinyl sheet flooring and adhesives.
Asbestos is harmful when it becomes airborne.
Asbestos is hazardous only when fibers are released into the air and inhaled.
Asbestos is health hazards.
Asbestos is highly toxic by inhalation and possibly by ingestion.
Asbestos is in the ceilings, heating and ventilating ducts, pipes and floor coverings.
Asbestos is in the sprayed-on building insulation above the tiles in parts of the buildings.
Asbestos is inexpensive, easy to work with, and it is abundant.
Asbestos is known to cause asbestosis, lung cancer, and mesothelioma.
Asbestos is known to cause cancer and other respiratory diseases in humans.
Asbestos is known to cause cancer and women who have a high exposure to asbestos are at higher risk.
Asbestos is known to cause lung and other cancers and is considered dangerous when airborne.
Asbestos is known to pose human health hazards.
Asbestos is linked to several types of cancers.
Asbestos is made up of fiber bundles.
Asbestos is mined both in open quarries and underground.
Asbestos is mined in much the same way as other minerals, such as iron, lead and copper.
Asbestos is minerals.
Asbestos is most dangerous in industrial settings.
Asbestos is most dangerous when it becomes airborne in dust.
Asbestos is most hazardous when it is friable .
Asbestos is most hazardous when it is friable.
Asbestos is odorless.
Asbestos is one of the most hazardous materials encountered during demolition activities.
Asbestos is one of the most widely recognized construction health hazards.
Asbestos is only a problem if the fibers are released into the air.
Asbestos is only one of many materials used in brake linings today.
Asbestos is potentially a serious threat to human health and the enviornment.
Asbestos is present in many common building materials used in private homes and in public buildings.
Asbestos is present in older buildings and was used for insulation.
Asbestos is primarily a health hazard when dry fibers become airborne and are inhaled.
Asbestos is probably present also - again, that has to be removed regardless of what happens.
Asbestos is probably the best insulator known to man.
Asbestos is recognized as a major health hazard.
Asbestos is recommended as the uniform of the day here.
Asbestos is regulated under the Clean Air Act as a hazardous air pollutant.
Asbestos is released from serpentine rock when it is broken or crushed.
Asbestos is released naturally through weathering and erosion.
Asbestos is removed from pipes in the basement.
Asbestos is removed from several areas.
Asbestos is resources.
Asbestos is the cause of asbestosis, as well as a rare form of lung cancer.
Asbestos is the common name for a group of minerals found in nature.
Asbestos is the general name for several fibrous minerals and products.
Asbestos is the leading nonmetallic mineral of the province.
Asbestos is the name applied to a family of strong, flexible fibrous minerals.
Asbestos is the name applied to six naturally occurring minerals that are mined from the earth.
Asbestos is the name for a family of minerals which provide, primarily, fire-proof insulation.
Asbestos is the name for a group of natural minerals that separate into strong, very fine fibers.
Asbestos is the name given to a group of fibrous minerals.
Asbestos is used as a binder in cement, as insulation, and in anti-fire walls.
Asbestos is used for fire retardant materials and brake shoes and pads.
Asbestos is used in the production of paints and plastics.
Asbestos is used so widely that the entire population is potentially exposed to some degree.
Asbestos is very resistant to acids and heat, and has high tensile strength.
Asbestos is visible and well published.
Asbestos leaves invisible, hazardous fibers.
Asbestos looks like barbed wire under a microscope.
Asbestos mainly affects the lungs.
Asbestos makes women bleed more.
Asbestos occurs in a number of distinct types.
Asbestos occurs in homes and other buildings.
Asbestos occurs in several different forms.
Asbestos occurs naturally and is found in seams or veins in some igneous or metamorphic rocks.
Asbestos occurs naturally, and is found in seams or veins in some igneous or metamorphic rocks.
Asbestos ocurrs naturally in some areas.
Asbestos only becomes a danger when it is disturbed, causing the fibers to become airborne.
Asbestos only becomes dangerous when fibres from the source are released and become air-borne.
Asbestos only presents a health hazard when fibers become airborne and are inhaled.
Asbestos poses another obstacle.
Asbestos poses the greatest danger when it becomes airborne.
Asbestos related disease can takes years and decades to show.
Asbestos remains in schools, homes and commercial buildings across the country.
Asbestos remains throughout, there are no sprinklers, and wheelchair access is poor.
Asbestos requires careful removal.
Asbestos tends to break down into a dust of microscopic fibers.
Asbestos tends to break into a dust of microscopic fibers.
Asbestos treated fibers are, for the most part fire proof.
Most asbestos mixed in the walls and tiles are safe until the fibers are released in dust.
An asbestosis is a disease
Asbestosis increases the risk of developing lung cancer.
Asbestosis involves cancer and lung disease.
Asbestosis kills annually roughly the same number of people each year in Finland as drug abuse.
Asbestosis refers to fibrosis of the lung parenchyma itself.
Asbestosises are diseases.
Asbestosises are pneumoconiosis.
Asbill soils are on hills.
Asbuilt surveys are done for record, completion evaluation and payment purposes.
ASCA meetings are exclusively for survivors of physical, sexual, or emotional childhood abuse.
ASCA time is assumed.
ASCA trials are open to all approved herding breeds.
An ascariasis is infestation
Ascariasis affects poor people.
Ascariasis is one of the most common human parasitic infections.
Ascariasis is the most common human worm infection.
Ascariasis tends to be more common in warm, wet, tropical countries.
Ascariasises are diseases.
Ascariasises are infestation.
Ascarid infection is a common problem in broilers, broiler breeders, and turkeys.
Ascarid infections are also common in neonates.
Ascarid ovum has a thick, smooth cell wall and is surrounded by detritus.
Ascend limbs have capacity.
Ascend thick limbs have capacity.
Ascendance aim to stimulate and inspire students to choreograph with advanced thought and intention.
Ascendance is a condition
Ascendance use highly visual props and characters within their dance pieces to stimulate activity.
Ascendancy is a condition
Ascendancy is a funny play that nurtures the spirit in a landscape accustomed to despair.
Ascendency is a condition
Ascendency takes place in space.
Ascension island has a tropical but oceanic climate, with little changes from one season to another.
Ascension Island is a Holocene stratovolcano with no known historic eruptions.
Ascension captures that heat - and renders it with a more complex brilliance.
Ascension has no indigenous land birds.
Ascension is a continuous process which never ends, for there is always progress to be made.
Ascension is a good way to describe the process however.
Ascension is a perfect place to lose weight.
Ascension is a rising up in consciousness manifesting cellular changes in the body.
Ascension is an instrumental solo in which employ a two-handed tapping technique.
Ascension is an unusual place as it is essentially a working island.
Ascension is basically a change in the focus of consciousness.
Ascension is eight miles on right.
Ascension is expansion.
Ascension is extremely easy to practice and quickly frees our nervous systems from stress.
Ascension is holographic in nature.
Ascension is holographic.
Ascension is just visually stunning.
Ascension is movement
Ascension is now available.
Ascension is on left at first stop sign.
Ascension is such an effort sometimes.
Ascension is ten miles on left.
Ascension is the completion of redemption and is the basis for our victory over Satan.
Ascension is the preferred mode of evolution, so to speak.
Ascension is the process by which any planet, star, civilization or species evolves.
Ascension is the ultimate goal of temple training.
Ascension is the world's premiere developer and manufacturer of motion tracking devices.
Ascension means moving from a physically based reality to a consciousness-based reality.
Ascension means one has ascended to higher levels of consciousness.
Ascension serves notice of Billionaire's arrival.
Ascension Skins Climbing skins are essential tools of travel in the backcountry.
Ascensions can happen literally overnight, depending on Who's Involved.
Ascent control is hampered by valve flow rates and air trapping.
Ascent module lifts off from moon.
Ascent rate is affected by free lift and drag.
Ascent rates yield the ceiling height .
Ascent rates yield the ceiling height.
An ascent is movement
Ascents range from one to three days depending on route taken.
Ascents usually start in the early hours of the morning.
Ascet consultancy is able to provide a number of non technical services.
Ascetic eschatologies tend to be purist and puritan, perfectionist and highly demanding.
An ascetic is a religious person
Ascetics are in favor of lightness.
Ascetics believe that materiality is a spiritual problem.
Some ascetics rub it all over the body.
Some ascetics still give up all clothing, as a sign of renouncing everything, including shame.
Asceticism calls for severe abstinence and austerity.
Asceticism helps no one.
Asceticism is a corrective practice, a vision of repentance.
Asceticism is a self-discipline
Asceticism is doctrines.
Asceticism is immaturity.
Asceticism is no goal.
Asceticism is stupid.
Asceticism is the practice of extreme self-denial for the purpose of gaining religious advantage.
Asceticism is thus a refusal to accept fear as the final state of our being.
Asceticism is to remain pure amidst impurities.
Asceticism just doesn t have a place here.
Asceticism lies in remaining pure amidst impurities.
Asceticism offers a critical perspective on sexuality.
Asceticism offers practical examples of conservation.
Asceticism takes holy living and corrupts it.
ASCG membership is open to all who wish a professional affiliation with colleagues in the field.
Ascidian cannibalism correlates with larval behavior and adult distribution.
Most Ascidian families are cosmopolitan.
Ascidian larvae have notochord, muscle, spinal cord in the tail region.
Ascidian tunicates come in three main forms.
An ascidian is a chordate
Ascidians are an important food source for some nudibranchs.
Ascidians are filter feeders.
Ascidians are hermaphroditic.
Ascidians are simultaneous hermaphrodites and the gonoducts open into the atrium.
Ascidians are tunicates.
Ascidians can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Ascidians filter sea water into a double layered envelope.
Ascidians have a living, external, cellular exoskeleton, or tunic, underlain by the epidermis.
Ascidians have no structure recognizable as a kidney.
Ascidians live exclusively in marine habitats, and most families are represented at all latitudes.
Ascidians produce tadpole larvae with a visible notochord.
Many ascidians form colonies.
Most ascidians are filter feeders.
Most ascidians are inconspicuous and are often covered by smaller sessile animals.
Ascii art is easier that way.
Ascitic fluid is often very heavy and causes abdominal distention.
Ascochyta blight is favored by mild moist weather.
Ascochyta blight is generally well known to most Saskatchewan growers.
Ascochyta blight is the major disease of chickpea in Mediterranean environments worldwide.
Ascochyta infections appear as small, yellow-green infections on the upper leaf surface.
An ascomycete is a fungus
Ascomycetes are classes.
Ascomycetes are everywhere and can be collected year around.
Ascomycetes are funguses.
Ascomycetes are primary decomposers of plants.
Ascomycetes are very varied.
Ascomycetes can also reproduce asexually.
Ascomycetes can be filamentous or unicellular .
Ascomycetes come in many shapes and sizes.
Ascomycetes form asexual conidia on vegetative hyphae and within fruiting bodies.
Ascomycetes produce sexual spores in saclike asci and are called sac fungi.
Ascomycetes reproduce by forming a mushroom-like fruiting body called an ascocarp .
Ascomycetes usually are classified on the basis of sexual reproduction.
All ascomycetes have ascospores borne inside asci.
Many Ascomycetes also produce spores called conidia which are cut off from the ends of short hyphae.
Many Ascomycetes are known for their large, beautifully-decorated spores.
Many ascomycetes are of commercial importance.
Most ascomycetes bear their sexual stages in fruiting bodies called ascocarps.
Some ascomycetes are homothallic.
An ascomycetous fungus is a fungus
Ascomycetous fungi are the major initial secondary producers based on the dead shoots.
An ascospore is a spore
Ascospores are abundant in late fall.
Ascospores are brown and septate to muriform when discharged, but remain hyaline within the asci.
Ascospores are comparatively rare.
Ascospores are dark brown, in asci on right.
Ascospores are disadvantageous.
Ascospores are dispersed by the wind and can move a good distance from the apothecia.
Ascospores are ejected into the air and are disseminated by air currents.
Ascospores are formed within the asci.
Ascospores are formed within the ascus as a result of free cell formation or ascosporogenesis.
Ascospores are haploid.
Ascospores are hyaline to darkly pigmented.
Ascospores are less common in the Northeast than in semi-arid climates.
Ascospores are primarily airborne and are most common during the petal fall period.
Ascospores are produced in asci that degenerate inside of the perithecia.
Ascospores are released around bloom.
Ascospores are released from the ascoma and germinate to form a new haploid mycelium.
Ascospores are so tiny as to be invisible.
Ascospores are spores.
Ascospores are the initial source of spring infections.
Ascospores are the major source of primary inoculum.
Ascospores are the primary inoculum for all Sclerotinia infections and disease.
Ascospores are typical of the wet-weather air spora.
Ascospores are very common in heavily infested regions of Saskatchewan.
Ascospores are very common in heavily infested regions.
Ascospores are very durable.
Ascospores commonly colonize senescent petals that are attached or detached.
Ascospores infect open flowers and infect ovary directly or through the stigma.
Ascospores infect the florets, which then produce the sticky exudate containing conidia.
Ascospores vary in shape and in size from a few microns to a couple of hundred microns.
Ascospores vary in size, shape, color, septation, and ornamentation among taxa.
Most ascospores are homokaryotic in the initial cross.
Ascothoracican barnacles attach to echinoderms or corals.
AScribe members are responsible for the content of their news releases.
AScribe news can and does regularly show up all over the media.
Ascribed honor derives from birth .
Ascribed status is present in the social situation.
Ascribed statuses are involuntary .
Ascription can be adaptive.
Ascription is a sorting
Ascriptive structures are basic reference points from which differentiation in society takes place.
An ascus is a reproductive structure
Asci are difficult to see, but their outlines are readily visible.
Asci are transparent cylindrical sacs that each contain eight ascospores .
Asci develop from outgrowths of the ascogonium, which is designated the female gametangium.
Many asci arise from hook-like structures called croziers.
Most asci have a pore or channel at the apex that serves as the exit point for the ascospores.
Most asci have the ability to shoot their ascospores away from the parent fruiting body.
Asean bankers agree to forge region-wide finance network.
Asean countries have a policy of non-interference in member countries' domestic affairs.
Some Asean countries are disappointed and discouraged.
Asean leaders have only themselves to blame for the renewed crisis in Cambodia.
ASEC staff are available for inservice training programs within the local school districts.
ASEC students help design and implement error handling, error messages, and return codes.
ASEP leadership has the courage to be competitive.
Aseptic containers can have a shelf life of up to two years.
Aseptic keratitis is an inflammatory condition related to toxic, allergic or hypoxic conditins.
Aseptic meningitis is a reportable disease and there are seasonal variations in case incidence.
Aseptic meningitis is also common.
Aseptic meningitis is even more common than bacterial in the postoperative AN patient.
Aseptic meningitis is mentioned.
Aseptic meningitis is no longer a nationally notifiable disease in the United States.
Aseptic meningitis is no longer a nationally notifiable disease.
Aseptic meningitis occurs within the first few months following the tick bite.
Aseptic Technique Hold the culture tube in one hand and the inoculating loop in the other.
Aseptic technique is emphasized, along with media preparation.
Aseptic technique is essential to avoid potential but rare osteomyelitis.
Aseptic technique is important for avoiding bacterial and fungal contamination.
Aseptic technique is less important after they are transplanted.
Aseptic technique is stressed in the laboratory.
Aseptic technique is used to reduce microbial contamination to the lowest possible practical level.
Aseptic technique is used when examining the ear.
Aseptic technique prevents contamination by unwanted microorganisms.
Aseptic technique reduces the likelihood of infection.
Aseptic technique requires the input and cooperation of everyone who enters the opemrating suite.
Aseptic technology involves the development of new ways to package and process food.
Aseptic technology requires the utmost levels of cleanliness.
Asexual buds develop on and remain attached to the stolen.
Asexual characters appear through- out both fantasy and science fiction.
Asexual creatures perform tasks.
Most asexual creatures perform tasks.
Some asexual creatures live in isolation.
Asexual flowers occur on some inflorescences at the end of the flowering sequence.
Asexual flowers produce greater amounts of seed compared to sexual flowers.
Asexual growth is synonymous with mitosis.
Asexual lineages tend to disappear over time while sexual lineages tend to persist much longer.
Asexual methods include fission.
Asexual multiplication takes place by a process of budding.
Some asexual multiplication takes places.
Asexual offspring are genetically identical except for mutation.
Asexual organism are static barring mutation.
Asexual organisms are basically clonal populations.
Asexual organisms depend primarily on mutations to generate variation.
Asexual organisms have the ability to grow at twice the rate of sexual reproducing organisms.
Asexual organisms rely on mutations.
Asexual organisms reproduce their exact copies.
Asexual overall is the reproduction of an animal but without sex.
Asexual people can also enjoy sex .
Asexual people can also enjoy sex.
Asexual people can still feel romantic attraction.
Asexual people can still have sex.
Asexual people have relationships of all kinds.
Asexual people have the same emotional needs as anyone else.
Asexual people have their own community.
Asexual people range in a wide variety because each individual has their own experience.
Many asexual people do have or want children.
Some asexual people are able and willing to have a romantic relationship.
Some asexual people are straight, some are gay, some are other.
Some asexual people identify as queer .
Some asexual people identify as queer.
Some asexual people masturbate or have sex .
Some asexual people masturbate or have sex.
Asexual people open eyes.
Asexual phases take places.
Most asexual phases take places.
Asexual plants invest a lot more in reproduction, producing twice as many seeds as as sexual plants.
Asexual plants require energy.
Most asexual plants require energy.
Asexual polyps are often colonial.
Asexual populations can reproduce at double the rate of sexual ones.
Asexual propagation has advantages and disadvantages.
Asexual propagation involves the vegetative parts of a plant including the roots, stems or leaves.
Asexual propagation is nice but so slow and limited.
Asexual propagation is reproduction by means of vegetative parts such as shoots, roots or leaves.
Asexual propagation is the production of new plants from stems, leaves, or roots of a parent plant.
Asexual propagation occurs through small clonal fragments known as gemmae.
Asexual propagation produces clones which perpetuate the unique characteristics of the parent plant.
Asexual propagation uses the asexual parts of a plant.
Asexual replication is usually by transverse binary fission or by budding .
Asexual reproduction accomplished by budding and the result is a clone of the anemone.
Asexual reproduction allows animals to increase their number rapidly, but reduces genetic diversity.
Asexual reproduction allows organisms to produce many offspring in a short period of time.
Asexual reproduction allows plants to increase their numbers or to survive between growing seasons.
Asexual reproduction allows the parasite to quickly and exponentially increase in a non-immune host.
Asexual reproduction can also occur naturally by fragmentation of branch ends.
Asexual reproduction can also occur.
Asexual reproduction can also.
Asexual reproduction can be very simple.
Asexual reproduction can create new organisms quickly.
Asexual reproduction can happen in a number of different ways in plants.
Asexual reproduction can happen much more quickly, but diversity is limited.
Asexual reproduction can lead to a fast popolation increase.
Asexual reproduction can occur by 'budding' or 'dividing' of the polyp stage.
Asexual reproduction can occur in a variety of ways.
Asexual reproduction can occur prior to or after mating.
Asexual reproduction can occur through several different processes.
Asexual reproduction can occur with any part of a plant.
Asexual reproduction can quickly increase a species' numbers in an underpopulated habitat.
Asexual reproduction can take place by means of gemmae.
Asexual reproduction can take place by natural or artificial means.
Asexual reproduction can take place by release of diaspores or vegetative fragmentation.
Asexual reproduction can take place by suckers, sprouts, and root shoots.
Asexual reproduction causes massive growth within the population.
Asexual reproduction combines the strong, useful genes of both parents.
Asexual reproduction consists in the formation of daughter colonies within the cells of the parent.
Asexual reproduction continues with both wingless and winged forms being produced.
Asexual reproduction continues with wingless or winged forms being produced.
Asexual reproduction does create variation.
Asexual reproduction enables animals to reproduce without a partner.
Asexual reproduction exists.
Asexual reproduction generates no appreciable genetic diversity.
Asexual reproduction generates offspring that are genetically identical to a single parent.
Asexual reproduction gives offspring similar to parents.
Asexual reproduction gives rise to an exact copy of the parent plant.
Asexual reproduction gives rise to offspring that are identical to the parent.
Asexual reproduction gives the ability to produce large quantities of of offspring.
Asexual reproduction happens a whole lot faster compared to sexual reproduction.
Asexual reproduction has a number of advantages.
Asexual reproduction has genetic variability.
Asexual reproduction has many advantages.
Asexual reproduction has several advantages.
Asexual reproduction has some disadvantages.
Asexual reproduction has the benefit of being very rapid.
Asexual reproduction has variability.
Asexual reproduction helps build defenses against threats to the species.
Asexual reproduction includes binary fission.
Asexual reproduction includes fission.
Asexual reproduction involves a single parent that is without involving gametes.
Asexual reproduction involves a single parent.
Asexual reproduction involves mitosis instead of meiosis.
Asexual reproduction involves mitosis.
Asexual reproduction involves only one bacteria cell or parent.
Asexual reproduction involves only one individual or parent.
Asexual reproduction involves only one individual parent.
Asexual reproduction involves only one organism, as opposed to two in sexual reproduction.
Asexual reproduction involves only one parent.
Asexual reproduction involves parents.
Asexual reproduction involves production.
Asexual reproduction involves single parents.
Asexual reproduction involves steps.
Asexual reproduction involves the creation from the cells of a single parent.
Asexual reproduction involves the formation of conidiospores.
Asexual reproduction involves the formation of individuals whose genes come from a single parent.
Asexual reproduction involves the fusion of gametes, usually called eggs and sperm.
Asexual reproduction involves the participation of a single parent.
Asexual reproduction involves the production of a new plant without the use of flowers.
Asexual reproduction involves two or more body parts to divide, called fission.
Asexual reproduction is a means of reproduction where a new organism arises from a single organism.
Asexual reproduction is a method of reproducing a new organism from one parent.
Asexual reproduction is a method of reproduction by which offspring come up from a single parent.
Asexual reproduction is a mode of reproduction by which offspring arise from a single parent, and.
Asexual reproduction is a type of reproduction found mostly in prokaryotes .
Asexual reproduction is a type of reproduction that only requires one parent.
Asexual reproduction is a very good way of reproducing large numbers of offspring rapidly.
Asexual reproduction is accomplished by budding, binary fission or pedal laceration.
Asexual reproduction is accomplished by conidia bearing conidiospores.
Asexual reproduction is accomplished by either fragmentation or spores.
Asexual reproduction is achieved through chromosomes duplicating and dividing.
Asexual reproduction is also a means of reproduction in some organisms.
Asexual reproduction is also efficient in times of environmental stability.
Asexual reproduction is also much less time and energy consuming.
Asexual reproduction is basically, cloning.
Asexual reproduction is by conidia that always lack motility.
Asexual reproduction is by fission or budding.
Asexual reproduction is by fragmentation only.
Asexual reproduction is by fragmentation or spore formation.
Asexual reproduction is by fragmentation, budding, or fission.
Asexual reproduction is by means of external buds.
Asexual reproduction is by means of spore productions.
Asexual reproduction is by means of spores produced in sporangia borne on the hyphae.
Asexual reproduction is by means of uni- flagellate zoospores formed in sporangia.
Asexual reproduction is by motile and nonmotile spores, formed only in cells with an apical cap.
Asexual reproduction is by multiple fission or sporulation.
Asexual reproduction is by release of motile zoospores from a sporangium.
Asexual reproduction is by sporangia containing uniflagellate zoospores.
Asexual reproduction is by sporangia or conidia.
Asexual reproduction is by spores produced in stalked sporangia .
Asexual reproduction is by the forma- tion of conidia laterally or apically on branches.
Asexual reproduction is by the formation of zoospores.
Asexual reproduction is by transverse fission although conjugation also occurs.
Asexual reproduction is by transverse fission.
Asexual reproduction is by zoospores produced in filamentous terminal zoosporangia.
Asexual reproduction is by zoospores that are produced in zoosporangia.
Asexual reproduction is by zoospores, which exhibit a peculiar condition of development.
Asexual reproduction is carried out by mitosis.
Asexual reproduction is common among living things and takes a variety of forms.
Asexual reproduction is common for various stages of the trematodes and some cestodes.
Asexual reproduction is common in higher groups of organisms iv.
Asexual reproduction is common in the plant kingdom where it is also called vegetative reproduction.
Asexual reproduction is common when environmental conditions are changing rapidly.
Asexual reproduction is completed in a very short period of time.
Asexual reproduction is done by fragmentation.
Asexual reproduction is done through the use of gemmae, and bulbils.
Asexual reproduction is either by means of zoospores or non-motile aplanospores.
Asexual reproduction is extremely common.
Asexual reproduction is extremely important to fungi.
Asexual reproduction is great for colonizing nearby areas.
Asexual reproduction is just better all around and more fun.
Asexual reproduction is like when a cell splits to make an exact copy of itself.
Asexual reproduction is mediated by the nucleus.
Asexual reproduction is more common in indiviuals.
Asexual reproduction is more common in species little troubled by disease.
Asexual reproduction is more common than conjugation.
Asexual reproduction is more common.
Asexual reproduction is more efficient Bacteria multiply rapidly by asexual reproduction.
Asexual reproduction is more likely to increase genetic variation than is asexual.
Asexual reproduction is mostly limited to sing-celled organisms.
Asexual reproduction is much faster and less energy and time consuming than sexual reproduction.
Asexual reproduction is much less common in animals.
Asexual reproduction is much less common in basidiomycetes than in ascomycetes.
Asexual reproduction is no slouch, though.
Asexual reproduction is often with spores that are forcibly discharged.
Asexual reproduction is particularly common in plants and a few animals.
Asexual reproduction is possible from detached bulb scales growing into new plants.
Asexual reproduction is possible with certain parasites in their respective intermediate hosts.
Asexual reproduction is rare, and involves only a few known cases of asexual parthenogenesis.
Asexual reproduction is reproduction without sex .
Asexual reproduction is reproduction
Asexual reproduction is reproduction.
Asexual reproduction is short and stagnant stream that leads no farther than the amoeba.
Asexual reproduction is simply a dividing of the DNA of one contributor.
Asexual reproduction is the creation of offspring from one parent.
Asexual reproduction is the creation of offspring without the fusion of egg and sperm.
Asexual reproduction is the dominant form of reproduction.
Asexual reproduction is the formation of offspring without the fusion of gametes.
Asexual reproduction is the fragmenting of coral by breaking a piece away.
Asexual reproduction is the less common method.
Asexual reproduction is the mode of reproduction used by single organisms.
Asexual reproduction is the most common type.
Asexual reproduction is the primary form of reproduction in bacteria, archaea, and protists.
Asexual reproduction is the primary mode of reproduction in archaea, bacteria, and protists.
Asexual reproduction is the process of making clones of an organism through only one parent.
Asexual reproduction is the production of genetically identical offspring from one parent.
Asexual reproduction is the production of offspring from a single parent using mitosis.
Asexual reproduction is the production of offspring without gamete fusion.
Asexual reproduction is the production of progeny without the union of cells or nuclear material.
Asexual reproduction is the propagation or perpetuation of a species by vegetative means.
Asexual reproduction is the replication of an organism.
Asexual reproduction is the reproductive process in which offspring have only one parent.
Asexual reproduction is the simplest, most efficient method of reproduction.
Asexual reproduction is through the production of arthrospores.
Asexual reproduction is used to clone the organism, to help the organism survive.
Asexual reproduction is useful in places where the environment is stable.
Asexual reproduction is usually by transverse fission.
Asexual reproduction is very common in microorganisms.
Asexual reproduction is very common in single cell organisms and in many plants.
Asexual reproduction is very common.
Asexual reproduction is very important in biology.
Asexual reproduction is via buds that form on the parent animal.
Asexual reproduction is via fragmentation or gemmae - small multicellular bodies.
Asexual reproduction is via sporangia that are ellipsoid to lemon shaped with a small pedicel.
Asexual reproduction is when a cell splits in two, creating an exact replica.
Asexual reproduction is when a organism is formed with only one parent.
Asexual reproduction is when a single organism reproduces to make an exact genetic copy of itself.
Asexual reproduction is when a tiny piece of an adult sponge breaks off and it becomes a new sponge.
Asexual reproduction is when offspring occur from a single parent cell.
Asexual reproduction is when one parent plant creates clones of itself.
Asexual reproduction is when the chromosomes are the same.
Asexual reproduction is widespread among fungi and certain protists .
Asexual reproduction is, apparently, by fragile leaf apices.
Asexual reproduction is, in contrast, highly efficient and can result in rapid infestation of crops.
Asexual reproduction leads to diversity.
Asexual reproduction leads to genetic diversity.
Asexual reproduction means holding on to all the equity.
Asexual reproduction means making copies of a life form without sex.
Asexual reproduction means there is no meiosis or fertilization.
Asexual reproduction needs only one parent, unlike sexual reproduction, which needs two parents.
Asexual reproduction occurs by binary fission of myxamoeba or fragmentation of the plasmodium.
Asexual reproduction occurs by budding of individuals and gemmule formation.
Asexual reproduction occurs by budding or by fragmentation.
Asexual reproduction occurs by cell division, by motile zoospores, or by nonmotile spores.
Asexual reproduction occurs by different types of fission.
Asexual reproduction occurs by fissioning.
Asexual reproduction occurs by fragmentation of the basal disk, or by pulling itself into two parts.
Asexual reproduction occurs by means of fission, in which a cell divides into two more cells.
Asexual reproduction occurs by mitosis and then cytokinesis.
Asexual reproduction occurs by mitosis followed by cytokinesis.
Asexual reproduction occurs by multiple fission.
Asexual reproduction occurs by rhizomes which extend from the lower portions of the erect plant.
Asexual reproduction occurs by splitting or fragmentation.
Asexual reproduction occurs commonly by fragmentation.
Asexual reproduction occurs either through vegetative reproduction or apomixis.
Asexual reproduction occurs in a few genera by the formation of zoospores.
Asexual reproduction occurs in animals.
Asexual reproduction occurs in bacteria and in some plants.
Asexual reproduction occurs in body organs especially the liver .
Asexual reproduction occurs in many different forms in different species.
Asexual reproduction occurs in several different ways.
Asexual reproduction occurs in some species by fragmentation followed by regeneration.
Asexual reproduction occurs in the sporocyst generation, which takes place in the snail hosts.
Asexual reproduction occurs less often than in ascomycetes, but also results in conidia formation.
Asexual reproduction occurs mainly through the fission of a haploid motile dinoflagellate cell.
Asexual reproduction occurs primarily by sporangiospores produced by mitosis and cell division.
Asexual reproduction occurs rapidly and can produce many individuals in a short amount of time.
Asexual reproduction occurs through cloning.
Asexual reproduction occurs through longitudinal fission, binary fission or pedal laceration.
Asexual reproduction occurs when a part of an individual regenerates itself into another individual.
Asexual reproduction occurs without pollen.
Asexual reproduction occurs.
Asexual reproduction produces a larvae that resembles a cyst , which can damage surrounding tissues.
Asexual reproduction produces an entire cloned organism.
Asexual reproduction produces daughter cells that are genetically identical to the parent.
Asexual reproduction produces exact clones with no genetic variety.
Asexual reproduction produces identical offspring.
Asexual reproduction produces offspring.
Asexual reproduction produces only haploid offspring.
Asexual reproduction produces very closely resembling offspring.
Asexual reproduction requires conditions.
Asexual reproduction requires energy.
Asexual reproduction requires more energy.
Asexual reproduction requires no fertilization.
Asexual reproduction requires one parent.
Asexual reproduction requires only one parent and makes clones.
Asexual reproduction requires only one parent, which produces genetically identical offspring.
Asexual reproduction requires only one parent.
Asexual reproduction requires only that one flower be present.
Asexual reproduction requires parents.
Asexual reproduction results in almost identical progeny.
Asexual reproduction results in almost no variation among organisms of the species.
Asexual reproduction seems a faster and more efficient way to reproduce.
Asexual reproduction takes a large number of forms, which vary between taxonomic groups.
Asexual reproduction takes a variety of forms.
Asexual reproduction takes less energy to perform than sexual reproduction.
Asexual reproduction takes place by longitudinal fission.
Asexual reproduction takes place by nuclear and cytoplasmic division.
Asexual reproduction takes place by the forma- tion of zoospores.
Asexual reproduction takes place by the formation of sporangia.
Asexual reproduction takes place either by budding or by fission.
Asexual reproduction takes place in the following ways.
Asexual reproduction takes place in the form of budding or splitting polyps.
Asexual reproduction takes place when branches are damaged or broken off.
Asexual reproduction takes place with only one cell without a partner involved.
Asexual reproduction tends to produce genetically identical individuals.
Asexual reproduction uses gemmae , which are dispersed by rain or small animals.
Asexual reproduction works well for organisms that stay in one place.
Asexual reproductions involves one parent.
All asexual reproductions occur through mitotic division.
Most asexual reproduction has genetic variability.
Most asexual reproduction has variability.
Most asexual reproduction includes binary fission.
Most asexual reproduction includes fission.
Most asexual reproduction involves mitosis.
Most asexual reproduction involves parents.
Most asexual reproduction involves production.
Most asexual reproduction involves single parents.
Most asexual reproduction involves steps.
Most asexual reproduction leads to diversity.
Most asexual reproduction leads to genetic diversity.
Most asexual reproduction occurs in animals.
Most asexual reproduction occurs in the winter.
Most asexual reproduction produces identical offspring.
Most asexual reproduction produces offspring.
Most asexual reproduction requires conditions.
Most asexual reproduction requires energy.
Most asexual reproduction requires parents.
Some asexual reproduction is used by flower plants.
Some asexual reproduction is used by many flower plants.
Some asexual reproduction is used by plants.
Some asexual reproduction leads to accumulation.
Some asexual reproduction limits chances.
Some asexual reproduction limits variation.
Some asexual reproduction occurs in fresh water.
Some asexual reproduction occurs in geckos.
Some asexual reproduction occurs in plants.
Some asexual reproduction occurs in prokaryotes.
Some asexual reproduction occurs in summer.
Some asexual reproduction occurs in water.
Some asexual reproduction occurs under conditions.
Some asexual reproduction occurs under stressful conditions.
Some asexual reproduction produces growth.
Some asexual reproduction produces population growth.
Some asexual reproduction requires genetic materials.
Some asexual reproduction requires materials.
Asexual species are more infested than sexual species.
Asexual spores are conidia, but they are rare.
Asexual spores are conidia.
Asexual spores are produced in sporangia, and sexual spores in zygosporangia.
Asexual spores are produced on and released from upright hyphae called conidiophores.
Asexual spores are produced on stalked sporangia.
Asexual spores are sporangiospores in a sporangium.
Asexual spores are usually haploid and the hyphae that form after germination are also haploid.
Some asexual spores develop into gametophytes.
Some asexual spores have genetic materials.
Some asexual spores have materials.
Some asexual spores infect flowers.
Some asexual stages take places.
Asexual taxa have a greater tendency than sexual taxa do to colonize once-glaciated areas.
Asexual workers perform duties.
Asexual workers perform essential duties.
Asexual workers perform such duties.
Most asexual workers perform duties.
Most asexual workers perform essential duties.
Most asexual workers perform such duties.
An asexuality is a property
Asexuality can also refer to a lack of interest or involvement in sex in sexual species.
Asexuality exists on a spectrum the way that other sexualities do.
Asexuality implies lack of sexual desire.
Asexuality is a nothing.
Asexuality is a sexual orientation, like homosexuality or heterosexuality.
Asexuality is a sexual orientation.
Asexuality is a spectrum, which means that it takes many forms.
Asexuality is an amazing topic.
Asexuality is defined as the lack of sexual attraction to other people.
Asexuality is described as a spectrum .
Asexuality is described as a spectrum.
Asexuality is just the lack of sexual urges.
Asexuality is mainly the lack of interest with anything regarding sex.
Asexuality is simply an example of genetic variation.
Asexuality is the ability to reproduce without sex, such as division, budding, and regeneration.
Asexuality is the lack of any sexual orientation, according to researchers.
Asexuality is the primitive condition.
Asexuality is the worst thing ever.
Asexuality is therefore an impossibility.
Asexuality is thought to be the most primitive state.
Asexuality means a lack of sexual attraction to any gender, and nothing else.
Asexuality seems evolutionary successful, at least in the short term.
Ash trees carry leaves.
Ash trees make very good hardwood lumber, competing with oak.
Most ash trees carry leaves.
Ash causes irritation.
Ash is a residue
Ash is fictional characters.
Ash is located in air.
Ash is located in ashtrays.
Ash is located in carpets.
Ash is located in trash.
Ash is residues.
Ash is trees.
Ash is wood.
Ash isa residue.
Ash mixes with water.
Ash rises into air.
Any ash is very alkaline.
Many ash are now yellow as are walnut trees.
Most ash causes irritation.
Most ash goes to the same landfills as solid waste.
Most ash rises into air.
Some ash becomes gold.
Some ash becomes pure gold.
Some ash covers surfaces.
ASHA membership provides many opportunities to improve members' professional competence.
ASHA policy requires the use of nonsexist language.
Ashburn soils have a lithic contact in the series control section.
Some Ashkenazi congregations have the custom to have lectures or other forms of study.
Ashkenazic custom discourages naming a baby after a living relative.
Ashlar masonry contains carefully worked stones set with fine, close joints.
Ashless paper carries less risk of interference with the test.
Ashowrth products are suitable for golf, work, or play.
An ashram is a retreat
Ashrams become devoid of wickedness and deceit.
Many ashrams are very strict.
ASHS journals provide a forum for scientific research, colloquia proceedings, and feature articles.
ASHS also organizes and co-sponsors other horticultural meetings and educational programs .
ASHS is hydraulically-powered and is tied mechanically to the gun through a flexible drive shaft.
Ashtanga yoga is the joining of breathing, posture and movement into a series.
An ashtray is a receptacle
Ashtrays are available for use on the outside porch.
Ashtrays are available in the office.
Ashtrays are available on the covered patio in the private yard.
Ashtrays are available on the patio.
Ashtrays are available, and there is no charge for their use.
Ashtrays are everywhere at both locations, so expect a noseful of cigarette smoke.
Ashtrays are located in houses.
Ashtrays are located in tables.
Ashtrays are outside the main entrance.
Ashtrays are receptacles.
Ashtrays are still inexpensive.
Ashtrays are usually an indication of permission for a visitor to smoke.
Ashwood soils have a fine control section.
Asia experts are skeptical.
Asia people eat Chinese water chestnut for the prevention of stomach problems, including cancer.
Asia has (part) Afghanistan.
Asia has (part) Asian countries.
Asia has (part) Asian nations.
Asia has (part) Asian Russia.
Asia has (part) Assam.
Asia has (part) Bangladesh.
Asia has (part) Beijing.
Asia has (part) Bhutan.
Asia has (part) Burma.
Asia has (part) Caspian.
Asia has (part) Chongqing.
Asia has (part) Gansu.
Asia has (part) Hebei.
Asia has (part) Hunan.
Asia has (part) India.
Asia has (part) Indonesia.
Asia has (part) Iran.
Asia has (part) Iraq.
Asia has (part) Jordan.
Asia has (part) Kazakhstan.
Asia has (part) Kuwait.
Asia has (part) Kyrgyzstan.
Asia has (part) Lebanon.
Asia has (part) Mongolia.
Asia has (part) Nepal.
Asia has (part) Oman.
Asia has (part) Pakistan.
Asia has (part) Philippines.
Asia has (part) Qatar.
Asia has (part) Sichuan.
Asia has (part) Sur.
Asia has (part) Syria.
Asia has (part) Tajikistan.
Asia has (part) Thailand.
Asia has (part) Tianjin.
Asia has (part) Tibet.
Asia has (part) Turkmenistan.
Asia has (part) Uzbekistan.
Asia has (part) Xinjiang.
Asia has (part) Yemen.
Asia has (part) Yunnan.
Asia is part of Eurasia.
Asia isa thing.
AsiaLink staff can also provide various physical processing options for a small additional charge.
AsiaLink staff can provide full physical processing for a small additional charge.
Asian accents pop up all over the menu.
Asian adolescents score higher than transracial adopted adolescents as a group.
Asian anthropoids strike back.
Asian art represents half the world and all of time.
Asian artisans begin to work bronze.
Asian astrologists believe that everything and everyone is interconnected through energy flows.
Any Asian Author can Win the Nobel Prize for Literature.
Asian babe shows off sexy feet and high heels and a little pussy too for good measure.
Asian babes are sexy and cute.
Asian banks are awash in cash and interest rates have fallen sharply.
Asian beauties love to fuck.
Asian beetle hops over quarantine.
Asian beetles become household pests.
Asian beetles become pests.
Asian beetles have spots.
Asian beetles undergo complete metamorphosis.
Asian beetles undergo metamorphosis.
Most asian beetles become household pests.
Most asian beetles become pests.
Most asian beetles have spots.
Most asian beetles undergo complete metamorphosis.
Most asian beetles undergo metamorphosis.
Some asian beetles become nuisances.
Some asian beetles become problems.
Some asian beetles feed on pests.
Some asian beetles live up to years.
Asian black bears feed on nuts.
Asian bondage is very hot and erotic.
Asian boys ought to fight for themselves.
Asian Boys See some super hot amateur asian boys go at it one on one.
Asian businesses make a very significant contribution to our communities and to our economy.
Asian camels have humps.
Asian camels have two humps whereas Arabian camels only have one.
Most asian camels have humps.
Most Asian carpets are rectangular, although other shapes are occasionally found.
Asian ceramics are rich in both traditions.
Many Asian characters are composites, made up of one or more simpler characters.
Most Asian chicks are in a near-constant state of period.
Asian children are among the most popular inter-racial adoptions.
Asian children begin to take soy formula and soy products from very young.
Asian children face some common risks.
Asian children tend to wait to participate, unless otherwise requested by the teacher.
Many Asian children grow up that way.
Asian cities are also home to scores of independently run serviced apartments.
Asian cities are now likely to experience a continued period of pervasive decentralization.
Asian cities fare much worse.
Most Asian cities have a mix and that's where their life comes from.
Asian clams are considered and invasive species.
Asian clams can colonize the intake pipes of water treatment systems and power stations.
Some asian clams have impact.
Asian clients tend to use American holiday breaks to travel.
Asian cockroaches are lighter in color than most German cockroaches.
Asian cockroaches are very susceptible to most pesticides.
Asian cockroaches enter homes.
Most asian cockroaches enter homes.
Asian colors are big sellers, but Western Europe is still bigger.
Asian communities are vital components of the heart and soul of virtually all North American cities.
Asian community is vocal and active at local and national level.
Many asian communities try to cater to all ages and interests and they are quite successful.
Asian companies face the same issues.
Asian companies know it and are moving on-line in droves to tap a new source of customers.
Asian companies know they lag far behind their U.S. rivals in their use of technology.
Asian companies lag in implementation.
Asian companies provide some competition in the software market.
Asian companies tend to take a far more rigid and exacting approach to planning.
Many Asian companies are suppliers to the computer giants.
Most Asian companies considering a merger or acquisition now rely on their bankers for financing.
Asian competitiveness is both high relative to the rest of the world and growing.
Asian conflict seems inevitable.
Asian consumers are unaware of the cruelty and unsustainability of the shark fin trade.
Asian corporatism is a mobilizational corporatism.
Asian countries account for the bulk of such funds.
Asian countries allow branch plants of foreign- based university and health care chains.
Asian countries allow branch plants of foreign-based university and health care chains.
Asian countries are countries.
Asian countries are more restrained.
Asian countries are of growing significance particularly Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam.
Asian countries are the major outlets.
Asian countries can solve their economic problems internally only through political action.
Asian countries compete with each other for rights to sell many USA products.
Asian countries delay tracking.
Asian countries fall into three general climatic zones.
Asian countries follow dietary patterns.
Asian countries follow patterns.
Asian countries have a fairly sound economic basis and big potentials for development.
Asian countries have a good economic foundation and great potentials.
Asian countries have relatively solid basis for economic development.
Asian countries have rudimentary markets for bonds and other fixed-income securities.
Asian countries ought to supervise better the speculative hedge funds.
Asian countries seem better equipped than Africa, South America or Russia.
Asian countries tend to be very competitive amoungst each other.
Asian country feels it can fully trust Japan.
Every Asian country is confronted with difficult problems of poverty and social justice.
Many Asian countries are very sensitive to online content.
Many Asian countries boast young, well-educated workforces.
Many Asian countries deny entry to travelers whose passports are valid for less than six months.
Many Asian countries have a balchao type preserve.
Many Asian countries lack broad unemployment compensation or pension systems.
Many Asian countries present challenges as well.
Many Asian countries regard Russia as a reliable economic partner.
Most Asian countries are now in full crisis-management mode.
Most Asian countries are well on their way.
Most Asian countries face similar problems.
Most asian countries follow dietary patterns.
Most asian countries follow patterns.
Most Asian countries have more than one language that is natively spoken.
Most Asian countries import more from Japan than they export.
Most Asian countries lack an efficient on-line payments system.
Most Asian countries permit foreign banks to operate only via branches.
Most Asian countries take a very dim view of producing hard-core photography or video.
Most Asian countries urge a stable relationship between the two.
Some Asian countries are part of Asia.
Some Asian countries are part of Eurasia.
Some Asian countries call it a sarong.
Some asian countries have breeds.
Some Asian countries receive natural insulation from an increase in petroleum prices.
Some Asian countries require permission or documentation from foreigners before granting visas.
Most Asian counties face similarly grim scenario.
Asian couples are more likely to stay married than in Western democracies.
Asian coverage is included in the text.
Asian crime exists.
Asian criminals continue to be involved in the smuggling of illegal migrants.
Asian crisis affects timber prices.
Asian cucumbers are long and slender, with small seed cavities.
Asian cuisine can be a m lange of complicated flavors and textures.
Asian cuisine is considered by many to be the next wave in restaurant and catering concepts.
Asian cuisines can stretch a piece of protein from here to Beijing.
Asian culture influences real estate in ways beyond migration patterns.
Asian culture is pretty hip here and Asian models feature in posters and magazines.
Asian culture is prominent in modern Hawaii, and much of it came from the early immigrants.
Asian culture stresses duty and family.
Asian cultures celebrate many festivals.
Asian cultures emphasize general reservation.
Asian cultures have dramatically better endometrial health than Western cultures.
Asian cultures have dramatically lower prostate cancer death rates than Western cultures.
Asian cultures place spiritual emphasis on how a rock is displayed.
Asian cultures place spiritual emphasis on how a stone is displayed.
Asian cultures tend to be oriented toward a more distant future.
Asian cultures tend to read much from the face.
Many Asian cultures celebrate the Lunar New Year in their own ways.
Many Asian cultures honor the color red.
Many Asian cultures place a high importance on honor and duty.
Some asian culture sees effects.
Some asian culture uses gingkoes.
Some asian culture uses sea vegetables.
Some asian culture uses vegetables.
Asian currencies seem to be climbing again, albeit slowly.
Asian dams continue to proliferate.
Asian delegates cross the U.S. during industrial extension tour.
Asian developers compete with their Western counterparts for the same dollar.
Asian diet is all about healthy and nutritious food items.
Asian diet is rich in soy.
Asian dishes are as rich in symbolic meaning as they are in flavor.
Many Asian dishes are steamed, and others are stir-fried with only a small amount of fat.
Many Asian dishes utilize soy sauce as a dipping condiment.
Some asian dishes contain bacteria.
Some asian dishes contain live bacteria.
Asian distributors sell marijuana packaged in plastic food bags.
Asian doctors explain arthritis by high acidic content.
Asian economies remain fragile.
Asian economies tumble.
All Asian economies appear to be recovering, some more rapidly than others.
Most Asian economies are in a deflationary spiral anyway.
Asian eels are survivors, however.
Asian eggplants are long, slender and light purple in color.
Asian eggplants are milder and more delicate in flavor than American and Italian types.
Asian eggplants are milder and more delicate in flavor than other types.
Asian elephants are different from African elephants .
Asian elephants are different from African elephants.
Asian elephants are endangered.
Asian elephants are herbivores.
Asian elephants are highly intelligent and self-aware.
Asian elephants are potentially less vulnerable to the ivory trade, as females usually lack tusks.
Asian elephants are primarily forest animals, preferring a shady environment.
Asian elephants are quite different from their African cousins.
Asian Elephants are seen in some forests here.
Asian elephants are slightly smaller.
Asian elephants are smaller and more easily tamed than African elephants.
Asian elephants are spread over areas with very different amounts of rain .
Asian elephants are spread over areas with very different amounts of rain.
Asian elephants are usually the older ones, while young African elephants are used too.
Asian elephants are very different animals from their African savannah dwelling cousins.
Asian elephants are very social animals.
Asian elephants bear smaller tusks, and female Asian elephants are generally tuskless.
Asian elephants communicate via rumbles, growls, bellows, and moans.
Asian elephants depend on the availability of food and water.
Asian Elephants eat grass , hay , twigs , bark and fruits .
Asian Elephants eat grass, hay, twigs, bark and fruits.
Asian elephants have brown skin.
Asian elephants have dark grey to brown skin.
Asian elephants have ears.
Asian elephants have features.
Asian elephants have many features.
Asian elephants have many unique features.
Asian elephants have more muscle coordination and can perform more complex tasks.
Asian elephants have much smaller ears and one finger at the end of their trunk.
Asian elephants have one small finger-like projection at the end of the trunk.
Asian elephants have skin.
Asian elephants have small ears and only the males have tusks.
Asian elephants have smaller ears and shorter tusks than African elephants.
Asian elephants have smaller ears than their African counterparts.
Asian elephants have toes.
Asian elephants have tusks.
Asian elephants have unique features.
Asian elephants inhabit grassland.
Asian elephants inhabit open grassland.
Asian elephants live in India, Nepal, and parts of Southeast Asia.
Asian elephants live in Nepal, India and Southeast Asia in scrub forests and rain forests.
Asian elephants occupy forests and semi-open or dense scrub with access to water and shade.
Asian elephants talk to each other by touch, sound and scent.
Asian elephants tend to be slightly smaller than African elephants, with smaller ears.
Asian elephants vary geographically in their colour and amount of depigmentation.
Asian elephants walk on feet.
Most asian elephants have brown skin.
Most asian elephants have ears.
Most asian elephants have features.
Most asian elephants have many features.
Most asian elephants have many unique features.
Most asian elephants have skin.
Most asian elephants have toes.
Most asian elephants have tusks.
Most asian elephants have unique features.
Most asian elephants inhabit grassland.
Most asian elephants inhabit open grassland.
Most Asian elephants live in forests.
Most asian elephants walk on feet.
Some Asian elephants live in drier scrub lands.
Asian executives reflect a common emphasis on the top five values they esteem.
Some Asian executives do prefer tranquillity to full-thrust throttle.
Asian exposure is zilch.
Asian families are less likely to skimp on iteven during times of austerity.
Asian farmers can adopt Guatemala's low cost metal silos.
Asian females are the feature here, with swimsuit shots, lingerie shots, and a shot of the month.
Asian females have the highest success rate, followed by white females.
Asian films are also available.
Asian films are available.
Asian fireflies flash together each night in the mangrove trees along a riverbank.
Some Asian fishermen use cormorants as fishing poles.
Asian flavor is, yes, exotic.
Asian food uses what is at hand, varying with the seasons.
Asian fortunes are vital to U.S. agriculture's fortunes.
Asian fossils reveal primate evolution.
Asian fusion is an admittedly different kettle of fish.
Asian galleries have a more prominent listing.
Some Asian gangs obtain the chips from outfits that specialize in recycling rejects.
Asian giant hornets have venom.
Asian ginseng has a stimulant effect that can cause restlessness and insomnia in some users.
Asian ginseng hastens recovery from alcohol's effects.
Asian ginseng increases physical stamina, supports the immune system and improves mental function.
Asian ginseng is a perennial herb with a taproot resembling the human body.
Asian ginseng is believed to represent the yang and is proclaimed as a good tonic for the blood.
Asian ginseng is considered to be more yang or heating, and is supposed to stimulate the metabolism.
Asian ginseng is one of the newcomers to the list.
Asian ginseng is said to increase energy, relieve stress and improve performance.
Asian ginseng is the most widely used for medicinal purposes.
Asian girl comes top.
Asian girls are the most faithful and loyal in the world.
Asian girls are the prettiest and most exotic women in the world.
Asian girls are very happy and content just to serve and love their man.
Asian girls can get guys from either group also.
Asian girls get naked.
Asian girls lean towards complacency when it comes to sun exposure.
Asian girls make excellent wives, they marry for life.
Asian governments are keenly aware of the importance of science.
Asian governments have to varying degrees supported women in their own countries.
Asian governments seem unwilling to heed foreign investors' calls for reform .
Asian greens are available throughout the season and many heirlom varieties of vegetables in season.
Asian greens thrive in cool spring weather.
Most asian grocers stock the ingredients listed here.
Asian guys are more comfortable now dating other Asian guys.
Asian guys seem to have a bent toward that.
Most Asian guys are quite shy and they tend to wait way too long.
Asian herbalists employ it for diarrhea, skin problems, stomach disorders, and vaginal discharge.
Asian history is a dynamic and diverse field.
Asian history is left on the sidelines or ignored in the American classroom.
Many Asian homes have an altar in memory of ancestors.
Asian hominids make a much earlier entrance.
Asian ideographs are also assigned codes.
Asian immigrants are also potential first-rate homebuyers.
Asian immigrants have lower institutionalization rates than white non-Hispanic immigrants.
Asian immigrants tend to enter the United States through either California or New York.
Many Asian immigrants continue to face great difficulties.
Asian importers have an interest in ensuring continuity of supply.
Asian influence is particularly strong in local food selections.
Asian influence is particularly strong in our local food selections.
Asian influences are the strongest.
Asian influences give a clean look and a feeling of tranquility to the warmth of African decor.
Asian investors are about to be hit by online info overload.
Asian investors are muddy-water fish.
Asian investors can look for gold too, but for the moment, the top prospectors are foreign.
Many Asian investors have very customized index needs.
Asian jasmine is virtually disease-free and insect pests stay away.
Asian journalists seek comfort in a bowl of noodles.
Asian kids have Asian parents.
Asian Kids Shout Out .
Asian lady beetles have spots.
Asian ladies are to be treated with respect.
Asian ladies are very practical.
Asian ladies have been know for their charming, sweet, and natural beauty.
Asian ladies seek English speaking men for correspondence and marriage.
Asian ladies show their feelings in a indirect way.
Asian ladies worry, they worry a lot, about appearances.
All Asian ladies is an introduction service featuring women from the Philippine Islands.
Most asian ladies are exceptional cooks as well as they enjoy taking care of the home and family.
Most asian ladies are exceptional cooks, and enjoy taking care of the home and family.
Asian ladybugs release an orange-colored fluid as a defensive measure, which has a foul odor.
Some asian ladybugs cause allergic symptoms.
Some asian ladybugs cause symptoms.
Asian language skills a plus.
Asian languages are a high national priority.
Asian languages are an integral component of all our degree programs.
Asian languages are more.
Asian languages are particularly difficult transitions to English.
Asian languages are second.
Asian languages offered are Chinese, Indonesian, Japanese and Korean.
Asian languages pose special problems of character sets and word boundary detection.
Asian languages represent the most commonly spoken languages in the world.
Asian languages require a specific input device to type text.
Asian languages use thousands of ideographic characters derived from traditional Chinese characters.
All Asian languages are eligible.
All Asian languages require a double-byte system.
All Asian languages use double-byte encodings.
Many Asian languages have a much simpler grammatical structure than Esperanto.
Most Asian languages are double-byte to begin with, so there is no change there.
Some Asian languages use ideographic scripts that have glyphs based on Chinese characters.
Asian leaders are perfectly positioned to deliver a correction here.
Asian leaders can no longer credibly advance myths about the benign nature of deficits.
Asian leaders have to convince their populations that there is no way to avoid a wrenching shakeup.
Asian lecturers are far more likely than others to be employed on casual fixed-term contracts.
Asian lesbians japan from and pornos before password from vibrators.
Asian lions divide themselves into two prides.
Asian lore says that rice calms the nerves, banishes depression and strengthens the internal organs.
Asian magazine seeks freelance writers, location anywhere.
Asian men are almost invulnerable.
Asian men are less likely than Asian women to have divorced.
Asian men experience lower rates of prostate cancer than do their Western counterparts.
Asian men have a bad track records for the way they treat their women.
Asian men have a low incidence of prostate cancer.
Asian men have a low risk of prostate cancer.
Asian men have a lower risk of developing prostate cancer.
Asian men have much lower incidences prostate cancer compared to Western men.
Asian men have the lowest incidence of prostate cancer.
Asian men have the lowest mortality rate.
Asian men have, on average, lower levels than whites.
Asian men start questioning their identity.
Asian men tend to have higher levels of phytoestrogens in their bodies.
Asian managers are generally too parental.
Asian mangoes are resistant to anthracnose.
Asian manufacturers account for about three-fourths of sales.
Some Asian manufacturers paint the rings on after the fluid is inserted.
Some Asian manufacturers produce excellent quality netting and twines with prompt delivery.
Asian markets are down slightly across the board.
Asian markets are generally very reactive rather than anticipatory.
Asian markets carry a variety of inexpensive noodles with acceptable texture and taste.
Asian markets carry both the small and large tubers.
Asian markets close weak.
Asian markets offer immense opportunities for many kinds of products and services.
Asian markets prefer to have certain specific types of products.
Asian markets thrive unhealthily on the expectation that something can be bought at a bargain.
Every Asian market is different.
Many Asian markets have baby bok choy, a tender and special treat.
Most Asian markets stock it, but if unavailable, green mango is a good substitute.
Asian massage is vigorous and varied.
Asian medicine is an old culture and they have been using velvet for multitudes of years.
Asian medicine uses it for giddiness, high blood pressure, slow and painful urination, and wounds.
Asian merchants make easy targets.
Asian motifs decorate the sides of the box.
Asian music has some parallels with jazz in performance.
Asian music is also a strong focus at Wesleyan.
Asian mythology is complex and diverse.
Asian nations are too.
Asian nations are worried, as well.
Asian nations make progress.
Every Asian nation needs to think through the implications of urbanisation.
Many Asian nations are in severe conditions right now.
Many Asian nations are in the process of transition.
Many Asian nations have a problem with illegal immigrants.
Many Asian nations have active biotechnology research programs.
Many Asian nations have some experiences in common.
Most asian nations make progress.
Some Asian nations are part of Asia.
Some Asian nations are part of Eurasia.
Asian negotiators have yet to make counter-offers.
Asian negotiators respond that they see little to gain from matching the U.S. in opening markets.
Asian neighborhoods signal the city s diversity.
Asian networks are less well developed to date due to that region s size and complexity.
Asian newborns tend to have higher peak bilirubin concentrations and more prolonged jaundice.
Many Asian newspapers are also available on the Web.
Asian noodles are worth exploring for their great variety and taste.
Asian noodles vary from their counterparts quite a bit.
Asian noodles win more than customers for foodservice operators.
Asian noses are also flat.
Some Asian officials share that concern.
Asian ones are small and tight without much hair.
Asian openbills depend on wetlands to survive.
Asian otters are more sociable than their river cousins, and live in groups in the wild.
Asian otters have partial webbing and small, blunt, peg-like claws.
Asian oysters are very similar to native ones but resist disease more successfully.
Asian pajamas replace nightshirts in Europe.
Asian palm civets climb fruit trees.
Asian palm civets climb trees.
Asian palm civets eat seeds.
Asian palm civets have teeth.
Asian palm civets live in habitats.
Asian palm civets climb fruit trees to get their food.
Asian parents are usually very private.
Asian parents tend to create emotional distance to get their children to conform to their wishes.
Asian paths are open in the morning, including the high latitude path to southeast Asia.
Asian pear produces a sweet, tart juice.
Asian pears are best when tree ripened.
Asian pears are often hand-thinned twice during the early growing season.
Asian pears are relatively new to Arkansas.
Asian pears are relatively new to Texas and adaptation is still undetermined.
Asian pears are relatively new to Texas and their adaptation is still undetermined.
Asian pears are susceptible to fire blight.
Asian pears are typically very crisp, very juicy, very sweet, and very low acid.
Asian pears are very crisp and juicy.
Asian pears have a distinct but pearlike taste and a crisp texture, much like a good apple.
Asian pears have a wonderful sweet taste and a crisp texture.
Asian pears make up a unique group, really quite unlike either apples or European pears.
Asian people are human beings. . . .
Asian people are quiet.
Asian people are quite class-conscious.
Asian people craft elaborate and beautiful kites.
Asian people have their own issues specific to their culture.
All Asian people are Chinese.
Many Asian people prefer the Caucasian eyes, idealized by commercials, films and magazines.
Many Asian people view business as a personal favor to their friends and relatives.
Asian peril Instructed by the virus, the cell chews itself to death.
Asian philosophy has a different slant.
Asian philosophy is collected selectively.
Asian poets have a way of conveying their culture s moral and spiritual standards without preaching.
Asian poetry is a beautiful way to connect man and the environment.
Asian pollution comes from many different sources.
Asian pollution drifts over North America .
Asian porn offers pictures, stories, and links to videos.
Asian pornography has women cum sucking big.
Asian portal is launched.
Asian presidents consider it basically as the impingement to their power.
Asian racism is wrong.
Some asian regions have distinct flavor.
Some asian regions have flavor.
Asian regionalism is a problem.
Asian religions have a long and intriguing history in America.
Some Asian religions have the cult of ancestor worship.
Asian restaurants abound, offering everything from sub sandwiches to steaming bowls of pho.
Asian restaurants are often long on food and short on ambiance and service.
Asian restaurants increasing in popularity, and Thai chilies are now on many supermarket shelves.
Asian retailers are even farther behind their European counterparts.
Asian rhinos are large with thick, armor-like skin.
Asian rhinos have only one horn.
Asian salads illustrate several cool-kitchen principles.
Asian schools tend to focus on the Asia-Pacific region.
Asian science is the blending of traditional asian healing arts products with modern day technology.
Asian scientists organize a base of power in a four-state region.
Asian sex is the ultimate thrill.
Asian shares close mostly lower Life .
Asian shipyards contribute to uncertainty in the market as they continuously lower prices.
Asian side is a residential area only.
Many Asian sites appear to be interested mainly in capital gains.
Many Asian sites consists of a mixture of English and Asian language documents.
Most Asian societies have a low tolerance for dissent.
Many Asian species are also tetraploids, but with the Y genome as the additional genome.
Asian steamers are also fairly inexpensive.
Asian stocks are cheap because their markets have been hammered almost beyond recognition.
Some Asian stocks are secondary listings.
Asian students are different.
Asian students feel less strongly than do other groups that the college has a good reputation .
Asian students feel more strongly than do other groups that the college is expensive .
Asian students feel more strongly than do other groups that the college is small .
Asian students learn knowledge through correct ways of studying texts and studying correct texts.
Asian students learn social studies and math in a variety of Asian languages.
Asian students take more math than either blacks or whites.
Asian studies is preferred.
Asian studies requires group projects because the topic is so alien.
Asian studies review Asian studies Asian survey.
Many Asian supermarkets sell frozen lumpia wrappers, which are the Filipino equivalent of eggrolls.
Asian suppliers pay no tariffs or duties and can sell to the same accounts.
Asian tapirs have few natural predators.
Asian tapirs have natural predators.
Asian tapirs have predators.
Most asian tapirs have few natural predators.
Most asian tapirs have natural predators.
Most asian tapirs have predators.
Asian teachers are models for each other and consultation with experts is frequent.
Asian techniques is twofold.
Asian techniques offer actors a comprehensive physical training system.
Asian teens are away from home more, so they'll use their mobile more.
Asian teenagers say it's the other way around .
Asian theatre requires experiencing, preferably first hand.
Asian theology is still Asian.
Asian theology searches further for inter-religious understanding and global justice.
Asian things can go both ways.
Asian tiger mosquitoes carry diseases.
Asian tiger mosquitoes carry human diseases.
Asian tiger mosquitoes carry viruses.
Asian tigers are stunned and lick their wounds.
Most asian tiger mosquitoes carry diseases.
Most asian tiger mosquitoes carry human diseases.
Most asian tiger mosquitoes carry viruses.
Asian tourists are another subject completely.
Asian trees are resistant to the blight, but the American chestnut is highly susceptible.
Some Asian universities offer courses in Esperanto.
Asian values are difficult to define because of the diversity of Asia.
Asian values are inconsistent with bulldozing a national cemetery.
Asian vegetables are readily available in Western supermarkets today.
Asian vegetables continue to gain popularity among consumers nationwide.
Some Asian vegetables resemble nothing else, like moqua, also known as fuzzy melon.
Some Asian vegetables show up more frequently than others in certain regional cooking.
Asian water buffalo feeds on plants.
Asian women are also less likely than Western women to suffer menopausal hot flashes.
Asian women are beautiful.
Asian women are especially vulnerable as a result of lingering discrimination, activists here say.
Asian women are often strikingly beautiful as well.
Asian women are the most beautiful women.
Asian women are three times more likely to attempt suicide than their white counterparts.
Asian women are tolerant, loyal and easy to get along with.
Asian women are women and desire what most other women desire.
Asian women continue to be trafficked to Europe in large numbers.
Asian women experience a significantly lower rate of fractures.
Asian women have one of the lowest risks of breast cancer.
Asian women have silky soft skin, nice tight butts, and perky little tits.
Asian women have the highest abortion ratio.
Asian women have very few complaints of menopausal discomfort compared to Western women.
Asian women make excellent partners for Western men.
Asian women report fewer menopause symptoms.
Asian women respect maturity.
Asian women share their memories of their early days in Coventry.
Asian women tend to be thin and small and have less bone to begin with.
Asian women tend to have the lowest bone density, followed by white women.
Asian women value a good man, so much unlike non asain women.
All Asian women are subservient.
Some asian women get diseases.
Some asian women report problems.
Asian workers are now in the majority, and they have been particularly badly treated and exploited.
Asian workers resist.
Asian writers fall in love with the language before they begin to use it for expressive ends.
Asian writing is more likely to spiral on itself, reiterating ideas in various ways.
Asian has (part) arms.
Asian has (part) body substances.
Asian has (part) cell membranes.
Asian has (part) cells.
Asian has (part) corpi.
Asian has (part) cytoplasm.
Asian has (part) heads.
Asian has (part) human bodies.
Asian has (part) legs.
Asian has (part) material bodies.
Asian has (part) necks.
Asian has (part) nuclei.
Asian has (part) personality.
Asian has (part) plasma membranes.
Asian has (part) sections.
Asian has (part) vacuoles.
Asian isa dweller.
Asian isa individual.
Asian isa inhabitant.
Asian isa person.
Asian isa somebody.
Asian isa someone.
Asianporn thumbs show xxx lesbian sex without samples.
Asiatic bears have claws.
Most asiatic bears have claws.
Some asiatic bears prey on livestock.
Asiatic black bears have claws.
Asiatic cheetahs are carnivores.
Asiatic cheetahs are slimmer, lighter and slightly shorter than their African brethren.
Asiatic cheetahs are very rare and nearly extinct.
Asiatic cheetahs eat hoof mammals.
Asiatic cheetahs eat mammals.
Asiatic cheetahs have legs.
Asiatic cheetahs have long legs.
Asiatic cheetahs prefer habitats.
Asiatic cheetahs tend to be slender and have long legs.
Most asiatic cheetahs eat hoof mammals.
Most asiatic cheetahs eat mammals.
Most asiatic cheetahs have legs.
Most asiatic cheetahs have long legs.
Most asiatic cheetahs prefer habitats.
Asiatic cholera is another.
Asiatic clams are better bioindicators of PCB contamination.
Many Asiatic cultivars are available in a range of colors from white to pink to orange and yellow.
Asiatic elms are very susceptible.
Asiatic hybrids are susceptible to bud abortion during periods of low light.
Asiatic ibexs have distribution.
Asiatic jasmine is a ground cover vine so aggressive that it often overwhelms sidewalks and turf.
Asiatic jerboas plug the entrances to their burrows in winter to keep out the cold.
Asiatic lilies are among the easiest to grow.
Asiatic lilies are the earliest to bloom and the easiest to grow.
Asiatic lilies are the easiest and most commonly grown.
Asiatic lilies are the easiest to grow and hardiest.
Asiatic lilies lack fragrance but have great garden presence in a full range of sunset colors.
Asiatic lilies require care.
Most asiatic lilies require care.
Asiatic lions are in a much more perilous position as human encroachment has reduced their habitat.
Asiatic lions are mainly nocturnal and crepuscular.
Asiatic lions are, in general, slightly smaller than African lions.
Asiatic lions have thicker elbow tufts and a longer tail tuft than African lions.
Asiatic lions live for years.
Asiatic lions live in families.
Asiatic lions prey largely on deer and livestock.
Asiatic lions tend to be smaller than their African cousins.
Most asiatic lions live for years.
Most asiatic lions live in families.
Asiatic shrews inhabit mainly damp areas in forests, thickets, and cultivated fields.
Some Asiatic species feed on fish.
Asiatic wild asses eat grass.
Asiatic wild dogs resemble jackals.
Asiatic has (part) arms.
Asiatic has (part) body substances.
Asiatic has (part) cell membranes.
Asiatic has (part) cells.
Asiatic has (part) corpi.
Asiatic has (part) cytoplasm.
Asiatic has (part) heads.
Asiatic has (part) human bodies.
Asiatic has (part) legs.
Asiatic has (part) material bodies.
Asiatic has (part) necks.
Asiatic has (part) nuclei.
Asiatic has (part) personality.
Asiatic has (part) plasma membranes.
Asiatic has (part) sections.
Asiatic has (part) vacuoles.
Asiatic isa dweller.
Asiatic isa individual.
Asiatic isa inhabitant.
Asiatic isa person.
Asiatic isa somebody.
Asiatic isa someone.
An aside is a words
Asides are often the best part.
Asides are very important because they give the audience an insight into the character's mind.
Asilidae adults attack wasps, bees, dragonflies , grasshoppers, other flies, and some spiders.
Asimilar questionnaire is given to the person's boss, four co-workers andfour subordinates.
Asimov fiction is more than just imagination.
ASLA members have access to seminar business experts.
ASLA membership is a proven value.
Aslib journals are also available online .
ASM documentation exists.
ASMP membership is recognized worldwide as a commitment to professionalism.
Asome units are nicer than others in the way of furnishings, amenities, musty, etc.
ASOS sensors require minimal calibrations.
ASOS visibility is based on light scattering .
An asp is a cobra
Asp isa viper.
ASPs act as the single point of contact for aggregating a myriad of technology and service vendors.
ASPs address both issues.
ASPs allow businesses to receive a suite of application software over the web.
ASPs also address the IT skill shortage.
ASPs also differ in hardware and systems software.
ASPs also differ since they develop their own integrated, proprietary platforms.
ASPs also lack flexibility.
ASPs also provide accompanying technical services and upgrades.
ASPs also provide solutions that allow for rapid expansion.
ASPs are a completely new way to sell and distribute software and software services.
ASPs are a flash in the pan.
ASPs are adept at leveraging technology to generate profitability.
ASPs are after all only offering what thin clients have been providing for some time.
ASPs are also vitally interested in getting clients provisioned quickly.
ASPs are among the fastest growing segments of the web.
ASPs are an effective solution for companies of all sizes as well as individuals.
ASPs are an undeniable movement in the IT industry.
ASPs are another outlet for our software.
ASPs are anything but homogenous in the way they offer services.
ASPs are attractive to smaller firms.
ASPs are by definition savvy about technology.
Asps are cobras.
ASPs are cool.
ASPs are especially useful for storing and retrieving information in an online database.
ASPs are especially useful for young companies with limited resources.
Asps are fish.
ASPs are fledgings.
ASPs are fully aware of the problem and eager to accommodate customers.
ASPs are interested in software and software is protected by intellectual property rights.
ASPs are new and unproven, but they have collectively raised truckloads of venture capital funding.
ASPs are only part of the picture.
ASPs are particularly attractive for small start-up companies with potential for growths.
ASPs are resellers or software providers that host applications on the Web.
ASPs are server-side scripting components that use Visual Basic script to produce dynamic content.
ASPs are services that offer Web-based software to clients for a monthly fee.
ASPs are still in a buyers' market.
ASPs are technologies that provide hosted software applications over the Internet.
ASPs are the culmination of the effective uses of both.
ASPs are the experts of today's Internet industry.
ASPs are the ideal way of optimising their capacity.
ASPs are third-party organizations that manage and distribute software over the Internet.
Asps are vipers.
ASPs base their success on their technological savvy.
ASPs basically refers to software applications that are delivered as a service over the internet.
ASPs can add value through similar methods.
ASPs can also act as a company's IT department, which keeps the costs of technical help down.
ASPs can also help companies serve remote offices.
ASPs can also make it easier and less expensive for companies to keep software up to date.
ASPs can assume some of that burden - and a few are trying to do just that.
ASPs can help on both fronts.
ASPs can meet the needs of volunteer services departments in ways never consider before.
ASPs can offload that kind of management problem.
ASPs can reduce the risk associated with implementing and maintaining applications.
ASPs can sense a Web browser's capabilities and adapt their output accordingly.
ASPs can solely host HR software that manages payroll, benefits, and more.
ASPs can upgrade software simultaneously for several customers that share a server.
ASPs can usually deploy applications faster because they have a higher level of expertise.
ASPs can work with PCs or even less expensive terminals and simple Internet devices.
ASPs come in all shapes and sizes.
ASPs deem important.
ASPs deliver and manage corporate application services over the Internet, usually for a fee.
ASPs deliver information communication technology solutions to anyone, anywhere, anytime.
ASPs deliver the needed applications all for one predictable, per user monthly fee.
ASPs develop and rent specialized software tools that are accessible via the Internet.
ASPs earn revenues by renting their software applications online.
ASPs enable the extended enterprise because they move key business processes to the Net.
ASPs end in the file extension .asp.
ASPs enter the programs hoping to have their start-up needs fulfilled.
ASPs essentially lease a client access to software, data storage and even communications.
ASPs essentially provide two kinds of software.
ASPs essentially rent the applications to businesses for a monthly fee.
ASPs give an estimate of the hydrophobic contribution to the free energy of interaction.
ASPs give customers a viable alternative to procuring and implementing complex systems themselves.
ASPs give customers the option of fixing their monthly per user technology cost.
ASPs go a little bit higher up.
Asps have (part) brains.
Asps have (part) breasts.
Asps have (part) cell membranes.
Asps have (part) cells.
Asps have (part) chest cavities.
Asps have (part) chests.
Asps have (part) corpi.
Asps have (part) cytoplasm.
Asps have (part) ears.
Asps have (part) faces.
Asps have (part) heads.
Asps have (part) nuclei.
Asps have (part) pedal extremities.
Asps have (part) plasma membranes.
Asps have (part) rib cages.
Asps have (part) sections.
Asps have (part) skulls.
Asps have (part) sterna.
Asps have (part) vacuoles.
Asps have (part) vertebrate feet.
ASPs have a greater variety of skills at their disposal than a typical user operation.
ASPs have promising potential, but the concept is new and just being batte tested.
ASPs have to guarantee a certain percent of availability.
ASPs have yet to sign their first customer.
ASPs help customers focus on their core business, rather than managing their application servers.
ASPs help customers get an application up and running in little time, for little money.
ASPs host sophisticated business applications, generally on a subscription or transaction-fee basis.
ASPs leverage a single application platform over their entire customer base.
ASPs make it easier to develop database schema-driven applications.
ASPs manage and distribute software and solutions.
ASPs offer a compelling alternative to buying software and implementing it in-house.
ASPs offer a compelling model for helping fund companies implement that vision in the marketplace.
ASPs offer a variety of network options for accessing the hosted applications.
ASPs offer all the frills of software without the licensing, support, service and upgrade costs.
ASPs offer applications over the Internet, cutting users'' installation and maintenance time.
ASPs offer business solutions and applications that are available over the Internet.
ASPs offer centralized application management.
ASPs offer companies or individuals web-based versions of software.
ASPs offer either free or monthly fees, depending on the type of software being provided.
ASPs offer outsourced applications.
ASPs offer smaller customers the option to rent access to software online instead of buying it.
ASPs offer the hosting and network services and maintain the applications at a central site.
ASPs offer their services through a contracted leasing arrangement.
ASPs offer to end users hosted application services, which are accessed through a Web browser .
ASPs opting for the collocation services are usually larger and more established players.
ASPs perform minimal customization while Internet service firms deliver custom projects.
ASPs play an important role in allowing businesses to interact online.
ASPs promise fabulous benefits.
ASPs promise they'll handle all maintenance, backup, virus checks, and security.
ASPs provide a basic architecture for creating dynamically generated Web applications.
ASPs provide a combination of networking, hosting, and application software.
ASPs provide a compelling alternative to the traditional options of building or buying.
ASPs provide a customer-centric solution enhancing the value proposition to the customer.
ASPs provide a variety of applications from human resources to finance.
ASPs provide and manage applications that support business processes over the Internet.
ASPs provide anything from search capabilities for web sites, to wireless web development.
ASPs provide application services over a network via rental or subscription pricing.
ASPs provide applications via the Internet.
ASPs provide ongoing support.
ASPs provide remote access to the software, typically for the price of a monthly subscription.
ASPs provide speed to market at reduced costs with higher quality and enhanced availability.
ASPs providing word processing and spreadsheet applications make up only a small part of the market.
ASPs publish the inputs and outputs for their services.
ASPs reduce the IT headcount needs of companies.
ASPs represent an IT evolution, and a business revolution.
ASPs represent an opportunity for lawyers to use technology without having to support technology.
ASPs require measures that are related more to business intention.
ASPs save time and capital associated with software and hardware installation and employee training.
ASPs solve problems, that's what they do.
ASPs solve that problem for software vendors.
ASPs take it to the Web.
ASPs take outsourcing one step further.
ASPs take the next step.
ASPs take traditional outsourcing to a new level.
ASPs translate into more computing power at less cost.
ASPs typically price their offerings using contractual monthly fees.
ASPs use a variety of charging algorithms for their services.
ASPs work with all sizes of organizations.
ASPs often provide crucial portions of the security on which their customers depend.
Many ASPs appear to be keeping all their options open.
Many ASPs are so confident they offer money-back guarantees.
Many ASPs deliver all the features physicians and staff demand.
Many ASPs offer a sliding scale so fees drop as volume grows.
Many ASPs offer integrated applications that range from private calendars to matter management.
Many ASPs offer value-added services at no extra charge.
Many ASPs try to offer the least-customized version of software that they host.
Most ASPs are fairly unknown, and people are skeptical.
Most ASPs have some type of strategy for wireless applications.
Most ASPs have to partner with CLECs to push their applications.
Most ASPs offer relatively little in the way of customization.
Some ASPs build entirely redundant data center facilities in different parts of the country.
Some ASPs cater to the specific vertical needs of enterprises.
Some ASPs charge fees for placing support calls.
Some ASPs even specialize in educational software and content.
Some ASPs have the internal resources to deliver applications to customers.
Some ASPs offer a phone link for parents without Web access.
Some ASPs offer fully integrated solutions, while others provide solutions on an as-needed basis.
Some ASPs offer integration with specific enterprise applications.
Some ASPs package their own software, hardware and systems integration.
Some ASPs provide litigation-specific support.
Asparagine isa compound.
Asparagus beetles cause damage.
Asparagus beetles feed on asparagus plants.
Asparagus beetles feed on plants.
Most asparagus beetles cause damage.
Most asparagus beetles feed on asparagus plants.
Most asparagus beetles feed on plants.
Some asparagus beetles attack wild plants.
Asparagus ferns require sunlight.
Most asparagus ferns require sunlight.
Asparagus plants are either male or female.
Asparagus plants are monoecious, meaning that each plant is either male or female.
Asparagus plants are naturally either male or female.
Asparagus plants are naturally male or female plants.
Asparagus plants are tall and can shade out other plants if planted in the wrong spot.
Asparagus plants keep worms away from tomatoes.
Asparagus plants make a good border around the edge of a garden or along a fence.
Asparagus plants produce flowers.
Most asparagus plants produce flowers.
Some asparagus plants produce berries.
Some asparagus plants produce fruit.
Some asparagus plants produce red fruit.
Asparagus roots produce chemicals.
Most asparagus roots produce chemicals.
Some asparagus seeds contain seeds.
Asparagus contains fiber.
Asparagus grows from seeds.
Asparagus grows in areas.
Asparagus grows in countries.
Asparagus has (part) cell membranes.
Asparagus has (part) cells.
Asparagus has (part) corpi.
Asparagus has (part) cytoplasm.
Asparagus has (part) nuclei.
Asparagus has (part) plasma membranes.
Asparagus has (part) sections.
Asparagus has (part) vacuoles.
Asparagus has flavor.
Asparagus has flavour.
Asparagus has foliage.
Asparagus is a vegetable
Asparagus isa herb.
Asparagus needs water.
Asparagus produces plants.
Asparagus toughens rapidly.
Most asparagus contains fiber.
Most asparagus grows from seeds.
Most asparagus grows in areas.
Most asparagus grows in countries.
Most asparagus has flavor.
Most asparagus has flavour.
Most asparagus has foliage.
Most asparagus needs water.
Most asparagus produces plants.
Most asparagus shipped to wholesale markets is cut below ground.
Some asparagus comes from families.
Some asparagus comes from lily families.
Some asparagus contains compounds.
Some asparagus grows in absence.
Some asparagus grows in ditches.
Some asparagus has food.
Some asparagus has geotropisms.
Some asparagus has growth patterns.
Some asparagus has levels.
Some asparagus has negative geotropisms.
Some asparagus has patterns.
Some asparagus has predictable growth patterns.
Some asparagus has predictable patterns.
Some asparagus helps cancer.
Some asparagus helps colon cancer.
Some asparagus helps cure cancer.
Some asparagus lowers cholesterol levels.
Aspartame contains phenylalanine.
Aspartame interferes with the production of the calming neurotransmitter serotin.
Aspartame is sweetener
Aspartate aminotransferase is ubiquitous in mammalian tissues and most abundant in heart muscle.
Aspartate kinases are homologous to the bifunctional enzymes.
Aspartic acid aids in the expulsion of harmful ammonia from the body.
Aspartic acid boosts the number of neurotransmitters in the brain.
Aspartic acid can also act as a nucleophile in some enzyme reactions.
Aspartic acid causes brain lesions and neuroendocrine disorders in experimental animals.
Aspartic acid doses from aspartame are lower than that for glutamic acid found in supplements.
Aspartic acid has a cumulative harmful effect on the endocrine and reproductive systems.
Aspartic acid is a strong beta sheet breaker and is indifferent to alpha helix.
Aspartic acid is a very common amino acid.
Aspartic acid is amino acid
Aspartic acid is amino acid.
Aspartic acid is an amino acid.
Aspartic acid is an effective chelator of cadmium.
Aspartic acid is an excitatory amino acid.
Aspartic acid is an excitotoxin .
Aspartic acid is another normal neurotransmitter within the brain.
Aspartic acid is chemical compounds.
Aspartic acid is considered nontoxic.
Aspartic acid is one of the non-essential aminoacids, usually present in young plants.
Aspartic acid is regenerated from fumaric acid produced by the urea cycle.
Aspartic acid is the most common amino acid.
Aspartoacylase activity is also absent in white blood cells.
Aspartoacylase deficiency leads to an accumulation of N-acetylaspartate in astrocytes.
Aspecial guidance is offered by the lecturer.
Aspecial opportunity is the computer which enables visitors to learn foreign lanquages.
An aspect ratio is a ratio
Aspect ratio deals with the beam width versus range problem.
Aspect ratio describes the ratio of the width to the height of the screen.
Aspect ratio has to do with the ration of the blade's legnth to the blade's width.
Aspect ratio is a comparison between the length and width of a wing.
Aspect ratio is a measure of how long and slender a wing is from tip to tip.
Aspect ratio is sometimes a fundamental consideration for sizing the image.
Aspect ratio is the ratio of the image width to the height.
Aspect ratio is the ratio of the larger dimension of a rectangle to the smaller dimension.
Aspect ratio is the ratio of width to height.
Aspect ratio is the relationship between the width and height of a television picture.
Aspect ratio is, for more complex shapes the wing span squared divided by the wing area.
Aspect ratio plays an important role in phase change heat transfer mechanism.
Aspect ratio refers to the ratio of width to height of a television set.
Aspect ratios are ratios.
An aspect is a feature
Aspect can combine with present or past tense.
Aspect gives the aspect or 'squash' of the circle.
Aspect indicates exposure to sun and wind.
Aspect is easterly.
Aspect is generally southerly.
Aspect is important.
Aspect is level.
Aspect is southeast.
Aspect is southerly.
Aspect isa characteristic.
Aspect isa feature.
Aspect ratios Image sensors have different aspect ratios-the ratio of image height to width.
Aspect refers to the direction a slope faces.
Aspect refers to the nature of the action described by the verb.
Aspect seems unimportant.
Aspect takes into account time and type of action as elements in a verb.
Aspects address the angular relationship between planets and points in the Zodiac.
Aspects affect development.
Aspects allow programmers to write, view and edit a crosscutting concern as a separate entity.
Aspects allows students and notetakers to see each other's notes while writing their own.
Aspects allows two or more pople to share a drawing window via their computers.
Aspects are a new unit of software modularity that cleanly encapsulate crosscutting concerns.
Aspects are an absolutely crucial requisite for any thorough understanding of a birth chart.
Aspects are angles measured clockwise from north.
Aspects are characteristics.
Aspects are close, and every planet is involved.
Aspects are especially relevant when opposing signs are on an aspect with each other.
Aspects are favorable for love, social life, and romance.
Aspects are features.
Aspects are fine for getting in touch with older loved ones.
Aspects are inherently more dynamic than sign or house placements.
Aspects are particularly favorable for travel, legal interests, and education.
Aspects are the basic links between planets.
Aspects are the mathmatical relationships between planets in an individual's astrological chart.
Aspects are the same if the set of visible and hidden surfaces seen in both pictures are the same.
Aspects are unique to time and independent of location on the earth.
Aspects are worth mimicking.
Aspects become stronger as they approach exact.
Aspects bring out facets, sides of the self and character traits.
Aspects can be synchronization or debugging checks, for example.
Aspects can indicate harmonious or challenging relationships between the two planets involved.
Aspects can provide common text or drawing work-spaces for simultaneous operation by multiple users.
Aspects can very well contain domain knowledge, that is up to the programmer.
Aspects cause the energy to take off in one direction or another.
Aspects cliniques des strabismes constants.
Aspects cliniques et biologiques.
Aspects contribute to the dynamics of the horoscope.
Aspects covered include business organization, services provided, management, and regulations.
Aspects covered include operations, maintenance, capital projects, and planning.
Aspects covered include projection devices, filtering, and the speed of the connection.
Aspects define the EODisplayGroup characteristics that the association observes.
Aspects discussed include monetary supply and the use of interest rates.
Aspects go to separate places for they have developed a certain quality needed in a certain place.
Aspects help refine the knowledge represented in a business card.
Aspects identitaires dans la violence contre les femmes.
Aspects is published and distributed without charge.
Aspects lies au management et a l'organisation du travail.
Aspects make the structure of the crosscutting concerns more clear and easy to reason about.
Aspects manufactures high quality birdfeeders and window thermometers.
Aspects provide primarily visibility control.
Aspects provides a great way to do collaborative writing and peer editing.
Aspects relate to performance.
Aspects remain mysteries.
Aspects represent patterns.
Aspects require a tutor unless they are granted by a spiritual entity.
Aspects require investigations.
Aspects strongly favor the romantic, play, and life with children.
All aspects frequently involve working in an advisory capacity with other departments.
All aspects are an equal part of the whole.
All aspects are circular projections of an area less than a hemisphere.
All aspects are due.
All aspects are interdependent.
All aspects are leadership intensive.
All aspects are subject to revision and refinement during the negotiation process.
All aspects are under active investigations.
All aspects are under the supervision of the applied teacher.
All aspects are unknown and untried.
All aspects are welcome, from buses to light rail, to heavy rail.
All aspects have to be considered before making any kind of a decision.
Every aspect colors a planet's expression.
Every aspect has purposes and meaning.
Every aspect has some new features.
Every aspect has to get better.
Every aspect including exhibits and technical sessions are under one large roof.
Every aspect is a player and every player is necessary.
Every aspect is considered before the video quality is rated.
Every aspect is geared towards and reflects our ultimate achievement.
Every aspect is interwoven and intermeshed with all other aspects.
Every aspect is overshadowed by the apparent new oak.
Every aspect is perfect.
Every aspect is subjected to close financial scrutiny.
Every aspect is taken into account to provide the ultimate in equipment trailer design.
Every aspect is the embodiment of quality, style and durability.
Every aspect is the same.
Every aspect is top notch.
Every aspect is up for discussion, from coding to appearance to writing.
Many aspects are seen in terms of four.
Many aspects are tunable as options.
Many aspects are user configurable.
Many aspects are very similar.
Many aspects can affect when an observation is performed.
Many aspects contribute to the preparation of a high quality electrocratic silver colloid.
Many aspects have application in developing countries.
Many aspects have to be investigated such as appeal of the facility, personal well being etc.
Many aspects have to be investigated such as appeal of the facility.
Many aspects have to be investigated such as appeal of the.
Many aspects have to be investigated such as appeal of.
Many aspects have to be.
Many aspects have to.
Many aspects have.
Many aspects make it suitable for less experienced players.
Many aspects remain poorly understood.
Many aspects remain subject for research, discussion and discovery.
Most aspects affect development.
Most aspects are still incomplete.
Most aspects relate to performance.
Most aspects remain mysteries.
Most aspects require investigations.
Some aspect is shared in a recursive and ongoing manner.
Some aspects affect capacity.
Some aspects affect decisions.
Some aspects affect health care decisions.
Some aspects affect health.
Some aspects affect human health.
Some aspects affect oral health.
Some aspects are also responses to functional and pluralistic pressures .
Some aspects are chilling.
Some aspects are clear.
Some aspects are common to almost all reports.
Some aspects are controversial.
Some aspects are cumulative.
Some aspects are easier and just as many are harder.
Some aspects are more dissociated than others.
Some aspects are personal, but more belong under the category of politics.
Some aspects are slow.
Some aspects are the result of powerful economic forces and intense competition from overseas.
Some aspects are the same.
Some aspects are universal, some are cultural and some are individual.
Some aspects can be abnormal without affecting others.
Some aspects can be mutually exclusive.
Some aspects considered are reality versus appearance and expectation and irony.
Some aspects deserve consideration.
Some aspects deserve thorough consideration.
Some aspects have ability.
Some aspects have analogy.
Some aspects have remained the same, others are different.
Some aspects have to be analysed before one decides on taking up a job overseas.
Some aspects involve behavior patterns.
Some aspects involve movement.
Some aspects involve patterns.
Some aspects lend themselves to the mini-clinic approach.
Some aspects receive attention.
Some aspects receive considerable attention.
Some aspects receive proper attention.
Some aspects relate to distribution.
Some aspects relate to ecology.
Some aspects relate to management.
Some aspects relate to national teams.
Some aspects relate to teams.
Some aspects rely on biochemistry.
Some aspects remain constant, regardless of orientation of perspective on object.
Some aspects require complex decision making and calculations.
Some aspects require rapid turnaround and are best done by researchers.
Some aspects require skills.
Some aspects require subscription.
Aspen beddings are natural and absorbent substrates that most breeders and keepers use.
Aspen chips are relatively dust free and odor free.
Aspen clones vary widely in many characteristics, even over a small area.
Aspen communities are beneficial to wildlife and humans.
Aspen communities play a large role in mule deer ecology from gestation through adulthood.
Aspen databases tend to be very large.
Aspen forests allow more water or ground water recharge and streamflow than do conifer forests.
Aspen forests are a favourite habitat for large herbivores.
Aspen forests are fire, or disturbance dependent, requiring frequent disturbances to regenerate.
Aspen forests are stable or increasing in some areas.
Aspen groves are essentially hundreds of trees growing from the same root.
Aspen groves are healthiest when they include trees at all different levels of maturity.
Many aspen groves are on moist sites where shrubs and wildflowers also thrive.
Aspen individuals are natural clones.
Aspen performance varies by biophysical setting.
Aspen trees grow for decades.
Aspen trees have green leaves.
Aspen trees have leaves.
Aspen trees have moist leaves.
Aspen trees reach up to feet.
Most aspen trees grow for decades.
Most aspen trees have green leaves.
Most aspen trees have leaves.
Most aspen trees have moist leaves.
Most aspen trees reach up to feet.
Some aspen trees have spots.
Some aspen trees have weak spots.
Most aspen wood goes into pulp and flake-board, however.
Aspen drops leaves.
Aspen grows on slopes.
Aspen has (part) bark.
Aspen has (part) cell membranes.
Aspen has (part) cells.
Aspen has (part) corpi.
Aspen has (part) cytoplasm.
Aspen has (part) leaf nodes.
Aspen has (part) nuclei.
Aspen has (part) plasma membranes.
Aspen has (part) sections.
Aspen has (part) stumps.
Aspen has (part) tree branches.
Aspen has (part) treetops.
Aspen has (part) trunks.
Aspen has (part) vacuoles.
Aspen has (part) xylem.
Aspen has alternate leaves.
Aspen has appearances.
Aspen has leaves.
Aspen has uniform appearances.
Aspen is a tree
Aspen is poplars.
Aspen is trees.
Aspen isa tree.
Aspens are a prime example.
Aspens are an important source of food and shelter for an estimated five hundred species.
Aspens are common along the creek.
Aspens are dioecious, with separate male and female clones.
Aspens are especially colorful in the fall.
Aspens are important browse for a variety of game animals.
Aspens are known for seeding and thriving in places where fires have been.
Aspens are notoriously prone to phytotoxicity from insecticides or fungicides.
Aspens are particularly well-suited to floodplains.
Aspens are susceptible to many problems in the urban landscape.
Aspens are the largest organic body on the planet.
Aspens are the most important part of the willow family, at least in the Lake States.
Aspens are very sensitive to many pesticides.
Aspens challenge our imagination.
Aspens flourish in Colorado's high altitude.
Aspens flourish on some of the slopes and around the Ski Valley parking lot.
Aspens have a strong ability to sucker and send up new shoots.
Aspens have a very shallow root system and are frequently uprooted in high winds.
Aspens have nonresinous buds unlike cottonwoods and balsams.
Aspens prefer mountain temperatures and hilly terrain to having roots sit in water on flat land.
Aspens reproduce primarily by suckering.
Aspens transplanted to landscapes are collected primarily from the mountains.
Many aspen stands consist of one clone.
Most aspen grows on slopes.
Most aspen has alternate leaves.
Most aspen has appearances.
Most aspen has leaves.
Most aspen has uniform appearances.
Most aspens are clonal species that share a extensive root system and are genetically identical.
Some aspen attains height.
Some aspen contains chemicals.
Some aspen has conservation values.
Some aspen has diversity.
Some aspen has drawbacks.
Some aspen has heritage.
Some aspen has high conservation values.
Some aspen has high values.
Some aspen has impact.
Some aspen has major drawbacks.
Some aspen has proud heritage.
Some aspen has values.
Some aspen occurs in habitats.
Some aspen offers benefits.
Some aspen produces abundant seeds.
Some aspen produces flowers.
Some aspen produces seeds.
Some aspen provides food.
Some aspen provides habitats.
Some aspen provides ideal habitats.
Some aspen requires energy.
Some aspen requires intense sunlight.
Some aspen requires metabolic energy.
Some aspen requires sunlight.
Aspergilli colonies are downy to powdery in texture.
An asperity is a disposition
Asperity comes from Latin asperitas , from asper , rough.
Asphalt emulsion diluted with water is the preferred type.
Asphalt emulsions are a mixture of asphalt cement, water, and an emulsifying agent.
Asphalt emulsions are used in a wide variety of applications.
Asphalt men chip away at expectation in corners.
Asphalt pavement is a mixture of rock and sand held together by liquid asphalt cement.
Asphalt pavement is also bad, but still better than cement.
Asphalt pavement is close to medium gray as is some tree bark.
Asphalt pavement is under the ice and the area slopes towards the Roundhouse.
Asphalt pavements are in much better shape than most agencies generally perceive.
Asphalt pavements oxidize over time and becomes increasingly brittle.
Asphalt plants heat the asphalt cement in enclosed tanks and then combine it with crushed rock.
Asphalt prime is sprayed on existing prepared roadway.
Asphalt roads are only a slight improvement.
Asphalt roads are smoothest because of seamless construction and flexibility of binding agents.
Asphalt roads connect all of the cities to each other and other smaller towns.
Asphalt roads constitute major barriers to plants and animals.
Asphalt roads soften.
Asphalt shingles are another material that is becoming more easily recyclable.
Asphalt shingles are available in a wide variety of colors to match almost any facade or landscape.
Asphalt shingles are economical and fairly easy to install and repair.
Asphalt shingles are especially prone to damage by heavy foot-wear, and by shovelling or sweeping.
Asphalt shingles are subject to fire started by falling embers.
Asphalt shingles are the most common.
Asphalt shingles are usually underlayment is affixed to the the sheathing.
Asphalt shingles are very simple to install enabling many homeowners to do the work themselves.
Asphalt shingles break easily in cold weather.
Asphalt absorbs heat from the sun and quickly releases it as heat radiation.
Asphalt acts to prevent rust, which is another reason it is used on metal roofs.
Asphalt breaks loose from the aggregate and powders due to microbial action.
Asphalt can be economically and effectively recycled and used for many applications.
Asphalt circulating system includes automatic valves for suckback, circulation and spray.
Asphalt dexcribes rectal troubles.
Asphalt dries out.
Asphalt emulsified in water with an emulsifier makes an excellent mulching agent.
Asphalt expands and shrinks with the temperature and something has to give.
Asphalt gives way to gravel at back alleys.
Asphalt has (part) sections.
Asphalt is located in freeways.
Asphalt is located in street corners.
Asphalt is made of tar.
Asphalt is minerals.
Asphalt is mixture.
Asphalt is much more toxic.
Asphalt is out for many reasons besides heat conduction.
Asphalt is pavement
Asphalt is used for pave roads.
Asphalt is used for paving roads.
Asphalt is variable.
Asphalt isa artifact.
Asphalt mix design procedures are concerned only with the volumetric properties of the mix.
Asphalt paving blocks still remain in portions of the avenue.
Asphalt paving is complete.
Asphalt reclaiming and asphalt recycling are useful for effective road and HMA asphalt maintenance.
Asphalt reclaiming and asphalt recycling are useful for effective road and HMA asphalt repair.
Asphalt releases heat.
Asphalt replaces topsoil.
Asphalt resurfacing usually is completed within one week.
Asphalt shingling is the most common roofing material used in residential construction in Canada.
Asphalt starts to deteriorate after seven years.
Asphalt turns to snow.
Asphalt widening and paving of the roadway is in progress.
Asphalts are dark brown to black solids or semi-solids that gradually liquefy when heated.
Asphalts have a higher boiling point than gasolines, allowing the two to be separated.
Most asphalt releases heat.
Aspheric lenses are preferred as they allow for a great deal of optical correction.
Aspheric lenses assure edge to edge clarity.
Aspheric lenses provide correction for small distortions in vision.
Aspheric lenses use flatter base curves in their design.
Aspheric lenses are available in a wide range of diameters and focal lengths.
Aspherical elements reduce the distortion and improve the sharpness at the edges of the image.
Aspherical lenses can produce better pictures by reducing the distortion.
Aspherized elements can be a great improvement for certain systems.
Asphyxiant gasses can displace oxygen in the room due to the low ventilation rate.
Asphyxiation causes a desire to breathes.
Asphyxiation is a possibility.
Asphyxiation is an extreme hazard when working in enclosed spaces.
Asphyxiation is hypoxia
Asphyxiation is likely to occur before the effects of carbon dioxide overexposure.
Asphyxiation is one of the principal potential hazards of working in confined and enclosed spaces.
Asphyxiation is one of the principal potential hazards of working in confined spaces.
Asphyxiation is the deficiency of oxygen in the air, making it difficult or impossible to breathe.
Asphyxiation is the leading cause of death in confined spaces.
Asphyxiation is the major cause of death in avalanches.
Asphyxiation is the most subtle danger of working with compressed gases.
Asphyxiation means death from oxygen deprivation in the blood.
Asphyxiation occurs when the body fails to get sufficient supplies of oxygen to the tissues.
An aspic is jelly
Aspic is also unsuitable, as it is made from clarified meat, fish or vegetable stocks and gelatine.
Aspic is the clarified savory jelly made from meat, fish or vegetable stock.
Aspidogastrean adults produce an egg from which a larva hatches.
Aspiny neurons are of two sizes.
An aspirant is an applicant
Aspirants are applicants.
Aspirants are ready to take risks and flow with the strong current.
Aspirants first visit the monastery, spending about a week with the sisters.
Aspirants lose much by refusing to let go of that which the lower mind cherishes.
Aspirants receive scholarship according to the current legislation.
All aspirants dedicate themselves to proper conduct through vows and subvows.
Many aspirants seem to be adapting to the new climate.
Aspirate slides are prepared bedside.
Aspirated material is sent for diagnosis to the lab.
Aspirated specimens are optimal.
Aspiration biopsy is in order all time after thyroid function test.
Aspiration pneumonia can also occur during violent gasping and gagging episodes.
Aspiration pneumonia includes three syndromes based on the nature of the inoculum.
Aspiration pneumonia is a common complication of botulism.
Aspiration pneumonia is a potential problem for HD patients.
Aspiration pneumonia is diseases.
Aspiration pneumonia is more common in males than in females.
Aspiration pneumonia is pneumonia
Aspiration pneumonia occurs very rapidly.
Aspiration pneumonia occurs when the stomach contents go back down the wrong way, into the lungs.
Aspiration syndromes represent another common source of chronic lung disease in children.
Aspiration allows the surgeon to know immediately if a lump is fluid-filled or is a solid mass.
Aspiration appears to increase a resident s risk of death from nursing home acquired pneumonia.
Aspiration can also cause lung infection or pneumonia .
Aspiration can cause damage to the lungs and pneumonia.
Aspiration can cause infection, and the fluid frequently re-accumulates.
Aspiration can cause pneumonia or even sudden death.
Aspiration can invaginate the balloon into the catheter lumen leading to rupture.
Aspiration can lead to choking or even pneumonia if food journeys to the lungs.
Aspiration can lead to inflammation of the bronchial tubes and bronchospasm .
Aspiration can lead to lung irritation.
Aspiration can occur before , during , or after the swallow.
Aspiration can occur very easily.
Aspiration can result in serious progressive lung problems if undetected.
Aspiration comes easily and dwells for long periods.
Aspiration commonly initiates bacterial nosocomial pneumonia.
Aspiration frees oral cavity and pharynx to adpt principally to feeding .
Aspiration includes putting gas in the new car.
Aspiration increases the chance of pneumonia.
Aspiration increases the chances of pneumonia.
Aspiration increases the likelihood of lung infection, which is often the cause of death.
Aspiration is a combination of several Chinese and Western herbs believed to help lift depression.
Aspiration is a contributing factor to 'breathy' voice.
Aspiration is a feeling.
Aspiration is a turbulent flow of air through the glottis.
Aspiration is always soft after c .
Aspiration is ambitions.
Aspiration is an ambition
Aspiration is an uncommon complication.
Aspiration is articulation.
Aspiration is common with the elderly and the disabled and can be fatal.
Aspiration is necessary to help avoid inadvertent injection into a blood vessel.
Aspiration is the essence of our country.
Aspiration is usually more successful in primary than secondary pneumothorax.
Aspiration isa trait.
Aspiration leads to pneumonia and death eventually, but it can be a seemingly never ending cycle.
Aspiration poses the risk of secondary infection.
Aspiration provides for a better sensory evaluation.
Aspiration ratchets up the empty angles of morning.
Aspiration seems to be involved frequently.
Aspiration simply means that food material comes up the esophagus and gets into the lungs.
Aspiration suggests a polymicrobic infection and the presence of anaerobes.
Aspirations are a personal thing, but, handsome contracts carry obligations.
Aspirations are a powerful thing in politics.
Aspirations are higher.
Aspirations are low and goals are almost non-existent.
Aspirations are the same.
Aspirations change over time.
Aspirations offers both interactive and live mock interviewing.
Aspirations run very high in smaller cities .
Aspirations withdraw or suction bone marrow fluid.
An aspirator is a pump
Aspirators are devices that technicians use in the evening.
Aspirin drugs inhibit the production of molecules called prostaglandins, including thromboxane.
Aspirin tablets are enteric coated.
Aspirin use can also produce tinnitus and vertigo.
Aspirin use can increase bleeding.
Aspirin use is associated with lowered risk of colon, esophageal, ovarian and breast cancer.
Aspirin use is low among United States outpatients with coronary artery disease.
Aspirin affects functions.
Aspirin affects platelet functions.
Aspirin eases pain.
Aspirin has effects.
Aspirin has same effects.
Aspirin improves brain functions.
Aspirin improves functions.
Aspirin is a salicylate
Aspirin isa medication.
Aspirin isa salt.
Most aspirin has effects.
Most aspirin has same effects.
Most aspirin improves brain functions.
Most aspirin improves functions.
Most aspirins contain five grains per tablet.
Some aspirin affects platelets.
Some aspirin causes allergic reaction.
Some aspirin causes reaction.
Some aspirin improves survival.
Some aspirin increases blood.
Some aspirin provides information.
Some aspirin provides more information.
Many aspiring athletes attend sports camps and clinics, which also provide training and experience.
Most aspiring authors dream about publishing novels.
Many aspiring botanists complete internships while attending school to gain practical experience.
Every aspiring DJ has to go through a standard process.
Every aspiring model needs an agent.
Every aspiring writer is met with indifference and rejections from publishers and agents.
Most aspiring writers give up long before their chance arrives.
Most aspiring writers take that as an excuse for writing autobiography.
Asplenic people lack tuftsin.
ASRF funding is considered supplemental to conventional sources.
ASRF funding is supplemental to conventional sources.
Ass hole gets important in sex life from the early age on.
Some ass holes are open with a speculum to see better what's going on.
Ass vomiting is more like it.
An ass is a body part
Ass isa ungulate.
Asses are equines.
Asses are fools.
Asses are great runners and there is no match in speed and stamina in the entire animal kingdom.
Asses are high-sterical.
Asses are located in sea.
Asses beach free pornography .
Asses bray Help build the best animal-related directory on the web.
Asses eat grass.
Asses fetish pics gags broads can be university or blow jobs.
Asses have (part) brains.
Asses have (part) breasts.
Asses have (part) cannon bones.
Asses have (part) cell membranes.
Asses have (part) cells.
Asses have (part) chest cavities.
Asses have (part) chests.
Asses have (part) corpi.
Asses have (part) cytoplasm.
Asses have (part) ears.
Asses have (part) faces.
Asses have (part) heads.
Asses have (part) hip sockets.
Asses have (part) hoofs.
Asses have (part) nuclei.
Asses have (part) piluses.
Asses have (part) plasma membranes.
Asses have (part) rib cages.
Asses have (part) sections.
Asses have (part) skulls.
Asses have (part) sterna.
Asses have (part) vacuoles.
Asses have hoofs.
Asses live in herds, though old stallions are usually solitary.
Asses s the occupants and identify if there are any life risk problems.
Asses voyeur the web are first adults with.
Asses xrate fawcett asses xrate picts oliver oliver picts erection xrate.
Asses usually graze in the morning and afternoon when it's cooler.
Most asses eat grass.
Most asses have hoofs.
Some asses dig holes.
Some asses have arrangements.
Some asses have social arrangements.
Some asses seek shades.
An assailant is an offender
Assailants are less likely to target a person who appears assertive and difficult to intimidate.
Assailants are less likely to target a person who apperas assertive and difficult to intimidate.
Assailants are people.
Assailants are responsible for sexual assault .
Assailants are workers.
Assailants batter in order to control.
Assailants dissolve a few tablets of roofies into a drink and give the drink to an unaware victim.
Assailants gun down members of the federal anti-drug police.
Assailants have a nose for vulnerability and are looking for easy targets.
Assailants overpower their victims with the threat of violence or with actual violence.
Assailants seek out victims who they perceive to be vulnerable.
Assailants seek to dominate, humiliate and punish their victims.
Assailants seek to overpower their victims.
Assailants select their victims based upon the assailant s desires - they seek an opportunity.
Assailants select their victims based upon the assailant's desires.
Assailants select their victims based upon the assailant's desires-they seek an opportunity.
Assailants shed hair and skin cells in fights.
Assailants then approach and shoot several people inside at point blank range.
Assailants think nothing about attacking an Amish person or stealing from their farms.
Assailants use sex as a weapon in order to degrade, humiliate, injure, and control their victims.
Assailants victimize people by exploiting their trust.
Assailants often use the disability as another method of control.
Assailants sometimes hide in the back seat of a vehicle.
Many assailants are, in fact, repeat offenders.
Many assailants have regular sexual partners.
Assam isa thing.
Assamese dishes are extremely healthy as they contain little spice and little cooking fat.
Assamese villages are similar to other villages throughout Bangladesh.
An assassin bug is an insect
Most assassin bugs are generalist predators in gardens and fields.
Some assassin bugs are excellent predators of the large bollworm larvae.
An assassin is a murderer
Assassins are hard to level up.
Assassins are highly skilled fighters, talented in both personal and vehicular combat.
Assassins are murderers.
Assassins are notorious for keeping news clips.
Assassins are too expensive for what they can.
Assassins are workers.
Assassins do it from behind.
Assassins kill people to be famous.
Assassins possess great speed, agility, marksmanship, and stealth.
Assassins stalk the palace while scheming nobles whisper sweet words in the ears of a weak king.
More assassins drop into the room.
An assassination is a message
Assassination appears to be the goal, but perhaps the plan is to fulfill supressed desires.
Assassination becomes a legitimate means to establish differences b etween peoples.
Assassination is a crime that evokes a sense of mystery mixed with indignation, and terror.
Assassination is a particularly heinous form of murder.
Assassination is a primitive way of contending with an opponent.
Assassination is an acceptable form of succession.
Assassination is an extreme form of censorship.
Assassination is another term for murder .
Assassination is another unique variation.
Assassination is as vile and abhorrent as denial.
Assassination is big business, in fact assassination is the business of big business.
Assassination is futile is a man's ideas live on through others.
Assassination is stigmatized as barbarous and cowardly.
Assassination is the act of any one man - any one man can assassinate a leader.
Assassination is the extreme form of censorship.
Assassination is the gasoline of history.
Assassination is the jester s only chance at revenge.
Assassination properly applied is wise, just, humane and brave.
Assassinations are absolutely forbidden.
Assassinations are common and strikes are bloody.
Assassinations are murder.
Assassinations become the main tool of the unionist.
Assassinations come to mind.
Assassinations covers all the successful and unsuccessful attempts on the lives of Presidents.
Assassinations really do happen more than once.
Assassins games are underway.
Assault frigates are good against other assault frigates and corvettes.
Some assault pistols have threaded barrels for the easy attachment of silencers.
Most assault weapons have no legitimate hunting or sporting use.
An assault is a battle
Assault deals with the act itself, and self defense deals with making an excuse for the act.
Assault rifles indeed.
Assaults are attacks.
Assaults are battles.
Assaults are crime.
Assaults are either simple or aggravated.
Assaults are no longer automatic.
Assaults are often gang-related and sadistic, including other forms of physical torture.
Assaults are on the increase.
Assaults are part of attacks.
Assaults are twice as common in poorer, developing nations as opposed to richer, developed ones.
Assaults are unpredictable.
Assaults can be carried out against adjacent hexes and several units can participate.
Assaults can be verbal or can take the form of physical touching.
Assaults can result in strangulation.
Assaults can take place in broad daylight or at night.
Assaults come in many forms.
Assaults committed by acquaintances on the other hand, are very different.
Assaults have a tendency to bring attention to the gang and to the members in the gang.
Assaults have more armor, but are heavier and move more slowly.
Assaults have the potential to be fatal.
Assaults occur on the streets, on buses, in shopping centres and even in restaurants.
Assaults outpace auto accidents as causes of fatal injuries in nine states.
Assaults tend to become more frequent and severe over time.
Assaults often take place in broad daylight.
Assaults often take place in the living quarters of either the perpetrator or the victim.
Many assaults are violent and unexpected and leave victims confused about how to react.
Many assaults occur after someone has had too much to drink.
Many assaults occur in daylight.
Most assaults happen in the home of the victim or the assailant, or in an automobile.
Most assaults happen to a lone victim.
Most assaults occur as spontaneous acts in dark alleys.
Most assaults occur during the summer months.
Most assaults require medical attention.
Assaultive behavior implies a physically destructive attack on the perceived source of the anger.
Assaultive behavior is always the responsibility of the offender.
Assay detection can also be by fluorescence, luminescence, absorbance or radiation.
Assay development can also be expensive.
Assay methods vary depending upon the specific test requested.
Assay results are due next week. .
Assay results are pending and a compilation of the data is in progress.
Assay sensitivity depends strongly on an efficient removal of non-specific reacting molecules.
Assay is an assessment
Assay is appraisals.
Assay is reports.
Assay is substances.
Assay is tests.
Assays are registrable in one of several different categories which reflect the kit's intended use.
Assays localize the optimal combinations produced, and purification and chemical analysis follow.
Assays require less cell manipulations, reducing the possibility of error.
Any assay is designed to measure something within certain concentration limits.
Many assays are also available for other mammalian species.
Most assays are heterogeneous and require separation of bound from unbound label.
Some assays are chargeable.
Assearch situations change, so often does the degree of development and support.
Assemblage artists seem never to exhaust the art's possibilities.
An assemblage is a social group
Assemblages dominated by porcelaneous species characterize shallow tropical environments.
Assembled boards are also available.
Assembled code can display text, and values of registers.
Assembled kit contains completed coil, ready to go.
Assembled kits minimize wasted steps of having to locate individual parts from multiple suppliers.
Assembled models have to be handled with much more care.
Assembled shape matches the carbon atom and honeycomb cell.
Assembled spacecraft is moved for further testing.
Assembled version is available below.
Assembled wheels are available at an extra charge.
Assembler code is used, where necessary, to achieve peak performance.
Assembler directives can have many operands, often in the form of a comma delimited list.
Assembler directives guide the assembly process and provide tools for using the instructions.
Assembler languages are simpler than opcodes .
Assembler languages are simpler than opcodes.
Assembler languages occupy a unique place in the computing world.
An assembler is a computer programme
Assemblers allow symbolic addresses.
Assemblers also can advance to quality control jobs or be promoted to supervisor.
Assemblers are capable of rush jobs.
Assemblers are programs.
Assemblers are still very much science fiction.
Assemblers follow blueprints or sketches.
Assemblers Free online courses, tutorials, and activities .
Assemblers Free online textbooks and reference works.
Assemblers measure torque during fastening to ensure process capability.
Assemblers scan the source program, generating machine instructions.
Assemblers use familiar editing and debugging tools.
Assemblers usually work on times that move past their work stations automatically on conveyors.
Most assemblers use self-tapping screws to assemble plastic parts.
Some assemblers choke if forward tags are used, while some require it.
Some assemblers generate timing information in the listing file.
Some assemblers use the C preprocessor.
Assembly code refers to the program code in assembly language form.
Assembly houses are as good as their last job.
Assembly language has a pretty bad reputation.
Assembly language is a higher level language one step above machine language.
Assembly language is a human-readable translation of machine language.
Assembly language is a low level language a step above machine language.
Assembly language is a plus.
Assembly language is a programming language that is once removed from a computer's machine language.
Assembly language is a small abstraction of the underlying machine.
Assembly language is a symbolic language consisting of language-like acronyms and words.
Assembly language is a wonderful tool for teaching about how computers work.
Assembly language is an example of a low-level language.
Assembly language is artificial language
Assembly language is covered.
Assembly language is easy to learn.
Assembly language is faster than any other language.
Assembly language is learned most effectively by writing programs.
Assembly language is much harder to program than high level languages.
Assembly language is presented for writing machine language programs.
Assembly language is programming language.
Assembly language is slow to write and non-portable.
Assembly language is still the basis for every good computer programmer.
Assembly language is the language of choice.
Assembly language is translated into machine language by an assembler.
Assembly language is used extensively to write system programs.
Assembly language is used primarily.
Assembly language is written as symbols and codes.
Assembly language makes clear the architecture of the underlying machine.
Assembly language optimized implementations for other specific processors are also available.
Assembly language provides what is called an abstraction of machine code.
Assembly language teaches essential design skills and style.
Assembly languages are a more human friendly form of machine language.
All assembly languages provide both types of branch instructions.
Most assembly languages are still very cumbersome to work with.
Most assembly languages have support for easily making numbers and text .
Most assembly languages have support for easily making numbers and text.
An assembly line is a mechanical system
Assembly lines are devices.
Assembly lines are efficient.
Assembly lines are inflexible.
Assembly lines are now in operation.
Assembly lines are part of factories.
Assembly lines are shorter and simpler.
Assembly lines make things perfect.
Most assembly lines are part of factories.
Assembly members can view our internal pages .
Assembly members have to declare which they belong to.
Assembly members help the school in many ways.
Assembly members sit for five-year terms.
An assembly plant is a factory
Assembly plants are the final and most visible step of the manufacturing process.
Assembly plants cost millions of dollars to build and operate.
Assembly processes can include humans, robots and other mechanical methods.
Assembly programming is included.
Assembly programming requires a decent assembler and a computer.
Assembly rules require, however, that amendments be read in full if a member so moves.
Assembly time including painting is two to four hours.
Assembly time is about two hours.
Assembly time is approx.
Assembly time is approximately one hour.
Assembly time is determined by the last name of the contact person.
Assembly time is still well under an hour.
Assembly time varies depending on experience.
Assembly times can vary considerably.
Assembly times vary depending upon the number and size of the pieces.
An assembly is construction
Assemblies are another time when the whole school groups together.
Assemblies are available in carbon and stainless steel.
Assemblies are available in the following configurations and lengths.
Assemblies are available self-colored or galvanized.
Assemblies are bodily activities.
Assemblies are broadly Christian in nature and follow the Christian calendar.
Assemblies are effective alone or as a preview or finale for an in-class series.
Assemblies are gathering.
Assemblies are group actions.
Assemblies are machines.
Assemblies are multi-media and include real robot demonstrations.
Assemblies are non-rising stem configuration.
Assemblies are pressure tested to ensure against leakage at installation.
Assemblies are programming language.
Assemblies are qualified if there is no penetration of the primary tank.
Assemblies are rituals that socialize students into Western culture.
Assemblies are several individual items combined into a single mega-item.
Assemblies are similar to the council, and many are named after patriots, war heros, etc.
Assemblies are single or multifiber.
Assemblies are wholes.
Assemblies can be save with simulation data for later reload.
Assemblies can feature films, local celebrities, and educational materials.
Assemblies can include optical, electrical, mechanical and fluid functions in a single unit.
Assemblies cost data.
Assemblies encompass ground-floor functionality such as bindings, configurations and versions.
Assemblies featuring local artists, muscians, and actors complement the curriculum.
Assemblies have (part) sections.
Assemblies have barriers.
Assemblies have centers.
Assemblies have metadata that describes everything the assembly needs to run.
Assemblies have size.
Assemblies have vapor barriers.
Assemblies involve steps.
Assemblies is therefore somewhat of a misnomer.
Assemblies lose their influence .
Assemblies recognize students who remember and incorporate the skills into their lives.
Assemblies require a written constitution and written minority involvement policy.
Assemblies require all related part files to be present for the assembly file to open up properly.
Assemblies scheduled too close to the lunch hour can often lead to restlessness.
Assemblies settles out of court.
Assemblies thus have the lowest drag torques in the industry.
Assembly again passes vetoed radio-TV law.
Assembly allows for faster graphics and is therefore better for games.
Assembly appraises progress made by war crimes tribunals-judges describe obstacles.
Assembly approves plan.
Assembly approves relocation of public relations dept.
Assembly begins by pressing the four insulating pins into the anode end plate.
Assembly begins by slipping one of the thicker end disks on to the shaft.
Assembly begins with the bottom and the stems.
Assembly begins with the wings.
Assembly can be difficult on some guns, due to new blue tightening up clearances.
Assembly can be in one piece through a roof or an on-site build, delivered through a doorway.
Assembly comes with two bearings as shown.
Assembly completes with a functional test prior to environmental test.
Assembly consists of gluing three joints.
Assembly consists primarily of affixing four deck levels amidships.
Assembly continues to increase density of packages and reduced pitches.
Assembly debates bill to limit general managers stay in office.
Assembly diagrams for our pre-built modules are available here.
Assembly differs from bacterial flagella too.
Assembly does require two people.
Assembly explores the relationship between Christian liturgy and Christian life.
Assembly facilitates quick and efficient arterial puncture.
Assembly handles protests as to standards and land use process, local zoning, conditional uses etc.
Assembly imparts enormous added value but turns out to be extraordinarily difficult to automate.
Assembly includes die bonding and wire bonding.
Assembly includes interface cable.
Assembly involves wood glue and nails.
Assembly is adequate.
Assembly is as much experience as it is ability.
Assembly is assembly is assembly when using the same proccessors.
Assembly is available for a small fee.
Assembly is brief and simple.
Assembly is by a simple sleeving technique which locks into place with a spring loaded plunger.
Assembly is complete.
Assembly is easier and less expense as well.
Assembly is easier than ever but it does require space and some time.
Assembly is easier with the Class GG bearing and maintenance costs are reduced.
Assembly is easy and can be completed in a short period of time.
Assembly is easy and requires no tools.
Assembly is easy and requires only common household tools.
Assembly is easy and they can be moved around the yard.
Assembly is easy as directions can be followed effortlessly.
Assembly is easy using the mold line as guides.
Assembly is easy with common household tools.
Assembly is easy with predrilled lumber.
Assembly is easy with the Velcro strip and plastic anti vibration legs and suction cup mount.
Assembly is easy, and a variable flow pump can control the fountain's pace.
Assembly is easy, with secure base clips to attach cage to base.
Assembly is easy.
Assembly is extremely simple, with only four separate pieces in addition to the hull.
Assembly is fast and easy with just a screwdriver.
Assembly is fast and easy.
Assembly is fast and simple.
Assembly is fast, simple and clean.
Assembly is free.
Assembly is in three easily handled parts so that the majority of the work is done from floor level.
Assembly is more complex.
Assembly is now complete with the exception of the attachment of the pattern.
Assembly is now complete.
Assembly is quick and easy by applying just four screws through the rubber feet provided.
Assembly is quick and easy with precision engineered cam lock system.
Assembly is quick and easy with standard dimensional lumber for the cross member and legs.
Assembly is quick and easy.
Assembly is quite easy and minimal filling is required.
Assembly is quite simple.
Assembly is ready to be incubated and agitated.
Assembly is reverse of disassembly.
Assembly is set to begin next year.
Assembly is simple and can be done in a couple of hours.
Assembly is simple and can be done with instructions and tools provided.
Assembly is simple and only requires basic tools and supplies.
Assembly is simple and quick, but the real reward is in the air.
Assembly is simple enough for even the novice, as is painting.
Assembly is simple since all connections are numbered and easy to follow.
Assembly is simple using household tools and the included hardware.
Assembly is simple with instructions and the required tools included with the loom.
Assembly is simple, positive and fast.
Assembly is simple, safe and requires no tools.
Assembly is simple, well described in the manual, and takes about an hour.
Assembly is simple.
Assembly is so easy anyone can do it.
Assembly is straight forward and simple.
Assembly is too difficult.
Assembly is VERY easy and instructions are supplied.
Assembly isa machine.
Assembly lines no longer turn out any color of car so long as it is black.
Assembly means church.
Assembly occurs at the cell surface, and the envelope is acquired as the virus buds from the cell.
Assembly permits, special permits for helicopter lifts.
Assembly provides important information for teachers, parents and students.
Assembly requires installation of the handlebars, twist grips and kill switch only.
Assembly requires motor freight shipping.
Assembly requires only a screwdriver.
Assembly requires only basic tools.
Assembly requires screwdriver, pliers and soldering equipment.
Assembly requires soldering and minor hand tool work.
Assembly rules within a contingent ecology.
Assembly starts at the base layer, progressing toward the radome top.
Assembly takes just a few hours, and the flight performance is quite satisfying.
Assembly takes less than a minute.
Assembly takes less than an hour.
Assembly takes less than one minute.
Assembly takes less than ten minutes without tools.
Assembly takes only seconds with NO tools required.
Assembly votes to send proposal to the faculty for a mail ballot.
Assemblies often use a variety of fasteners.
All assemblies are cadmium plated, and immediately baked for hydrogen embrittlement.
All assemblies receive many requests for financial help for rent, utilities, car repairs, etc.
All assemblies require at least one week's advance notice in writing.
All assembly is by volunteers.
All assembly is complete.
All assembly is done with craft glue, a glue gun, and simple stitching.
All assembly is performed by hand to the highest standard.
All assembly is performed by our skilled technicians.
All assembly takes place in a temperature-controlled clean room.
All assembly takes place under exacting quality control.
Every assembly can participate fully and produce beautiful, prayerful music.
Every assembly is known for their consecration of lack of it.
Many assemblies focus on reaching the lost during their gatherings.
Many assemblies have their own on-line web pages.
Most assemblies are more comfortable singing with accompaniment.
Most assemblies have barriers.
Most assemblies have centers.
Most assemblies have size.
Most assemblies have vapor barriers.
Most assemblies involve steps.
Some assemblies contain fuel.
Some assemblies eliminate backflow by discharging used water to the ground.
Some assemblies have many parts and are mostly the same from job to job.
Some assemblies require party membership for candidacy.
Some assembly is required and adequate instructions are supplied.
Some assembly is required and it is comparatively easy using simple lock screws.
Some assembly is required for the garden shed.
Some assembly is required.
An assemblyman is a representative
Assemblyman calls for return of the money to the cash-strapped utility.
Assemblymen take on various political roles in making policy.
Assent implies agreement, while dissent implies disagreement.
Assent is agreement
Assent requires proof that the party actually read the terms to which it assents.
Asserted clauses have more powerful indexing capabilities than do compiled clauses.
An assertion is a declaration
Assertion comes from centre, aggression is uncentred action.
Assertion is a difficult concept for an incest victim.
Assertion is an honest and appropriate expression of one's feelings, opinions, and needs.
Assertion is essential for reality-belief, using the created structures.
Assertion is often one of the most important.
Assertion is the opposite of conformity, passivity, blind obedience, etc. discussed above.
Assertion means combat.
Assertion requires decision-making, which is lacking in Japan.
Assertions also have an epistemic dimension.
Assertions are always either true or false.
Assertions are another programming construct useful in application code for error detection.
Assertions are assertions.
Assertions are common in brochures.
Assertions are declarations.
Assertions are easy to make.
Assertions are essential for documenting components.
Assertions are linguistic constructions which allow expressing properties of programs.
Assertions are most useful during testing and debugging.
Assertions are particularly useful for testing preconditions, postconditions, and class invariants.
Assertions are the ultimate in inefficiency and writing ease.
Assertions can pass for findings of fact.
Assertions come easily.
Assertions Consider abbreviations that stand for assertions proposed in .
Assertions have a particular role in subclassing.
Assertions lets developers test assumptions they have made about their code before deploying it.
Assertions lose a lot of credit.
Assertions made from external appearances, therefore, have no real validity.
Assertions provide a further mechanism for controlling the power of redefinition.
Assertions quickly uncover bugs, increasing programmer productivity and software quality.
Assertions represent formal constraints on the behavior of software systems .
Assertions represent formal constraints on the behavior of software systems.
Assertions suggesting it was deliberately falsified are unfounded.
All assertions seem to pretend to control.
Any assertion otherwise is false.
Some assertions take parameters themselves.
Assertional reasoners support a query language as access to their state.
Assertive aggression is offensive power intentionally directed toward our environment.
Assertive behavior involves making one's presence felt without the intent of causing harm.
Assertive behavior involves standing up for oneself.
Assertive behavior is an alternative to the above styles.
Assertive behavior is an important part of a positive self-image.
Assertive behavior is essential.
Assertive behavior is the most likely to get needs met.
Assertive behavior prevents aggressive behavior.
Assertive behavior solves problems, and it builds long-term trust and respect.
Assertive behaviour is a behaviour that is suitable, or appropriate, for the occasion.
Assertive behaviour is defined then contrasted with aggressive and passive behaviour.
Assertive communication enhances self-esteem and relationships.
Assertive communication expresses ideas and feelings about condoms.
Assertive communication helps build understanding, but maintains the integrity of everyone involved.
Assertive communication involves verbal and nonverbal messages.
Assertive communication is a valuable skill to have when refusing offers or behaviors.
Assertive communication is another good strategy.
Assertive communication is difficult to teach in a short paragraph.
Assertive communication is less stress-producing than passive or aggressive communication.
Assertive communication is open, honest, direct and respectful.
Assertive discipline instigates effective communication between teacher and student.
Assertive discipline is likely the most widely used discipline plan in schools.
Assertive exercise is, in a sense, the essence of human rights.
Assertive interaction assumes that both parties listen and seek mutually beneficial outcomes.
Assertive language is verbal and nonverbal.
Assertive outreach is the preferred mode of intervention.
Assertive patients get more attention and empathy.
Assertive people are constructive.
Assertive people are often in relationships with people who are more easy going.
Assertive people exhibit erect posture and direct eye contact.
Assertive people get more done in less time, are more creative and more honest.
Assertive people know how to say what they think without hurting others.
Assertive people respect themselves and others.
Assertive people speak out, make strong statements, and have a take-charge attitude.
Assertive people walk tall with their shoulders back and their head up.
Assertive reactions allow people to stand up for themselves.
Assertive reactions involve verbal and nonverbal messages.
Assertive reactions promote positive mental health and healthy relationships.
Assertive reactions reduce stress by allowing people to take steps to resolve the feelings.
Assertive reactions require thought.
Assertive responses are direct, honest, appropriate and spontaneous.
Assertive responses can be very effective with approximately two-thirds of harassers.
Assertive skills take time, study, and practice to learn.
Assertive statements contain no blame and no attack.
Assertive theory is illustrated through role play of a conflict situation.
Assertive training teaches new values.
Assertive women end up as stereotypical bitchy assholes.
Assertiveness allows a leader to tactfully push a follower a certain way.
Assertiveness can impress but the line is hairline-thin before it becomes aggressiveness.
Assertiveness considers the rights and needs of everybody .
Assertiveness differs from aggression in fundamental ways.
Assertiveness focuses on goal orientation and self-actualizing behavior.
Assertiveness has the benefit of being able to be employed with little time required.
Assertiveness improves self-esteem and gains respect from others.
Assertiveness increases the chances of our needs being met .
Assertiveness involves clear and firm communication within respectful relationships.
Assertiveness is a direct, honest expression of feelings and desires.
Assertiveness is a manifestation of self-esteem.
Assertiveness is a matter of degree.
Assertiveness is a popular topic today.
Assertiveness is a positive and constructive approach to personal effectiveness.
Assertiveness is a right and a necessary life skill.
Assertiveness is a skill that can be learned through practice.
Assertiveness is a skill which is useful to everyone.
Assertiveness is a way of communicating, thinking and being that is directly related to self-esteem.
Assertiveness is about much more than techniques.
Assertiveness is also different from nonassertiveness .
Assertiveness is an absolutely critical skill needed in the interviewing process.
Assertiveness is an essential workplace skill.
Assertiveness is another important quality.
Assertiveness is both very important and very dangerous.
Assertiveness is contrasted with aggressive and passive behaviors.
Assertiveness is defined as courage balanced with consideration.
Assertiveness is explored as component of professional nursing practice.
Assertiveness is important because they are assertive.
Assertiveness is necessary in American culture.
Assertiveness is needed for honest, healthy relationships.
Assertiveness is none of the above.
Assertiveness is one of the essential skills in the modern working environment.
Assertiveness is one of the most effective techniques in avoiding assault.
Assertiveness is positivism
Assertiveness is positivism.
Assertiveness is presented as a set of learnable skills of verbal and non-verbal communication.
Assertiveness is the ability to stand up for one's rights without denying the rights of others.
Assertiveness is the key.
Assertiveness is the marriage of courtesy and insistence.
Assertiveness is the skill that tops the list for success or failure in any workplace situation.
Assertiveness is the way to go.
Assertiveness is very different from aggressiveness .
Assertiveness is well respected in the advertising world.
Assertiveness is, first and foremost, a matter of personal choice.
Assertiveness pays off.
Assertiveness predicts threat and challenge responses to potential stress among women.
Assertiveness promotes equality in relationships.
Assertiveness requires a change in attitude as well as a change in behavior.
Assertiveness sees everyone as equal with equal rights and equal responsibilities .
Assess breath sounds and obtain a chest x-ray.
Assess client needs and define and document business requirements.
Assess client needs and easily gain customer trust and confidence. .
Assess client needs and obtain background information.
Assess client needs within a family context.
Assess clients needs and offer assistance in locating real estate.
Assess collection needs.
Assess community needs and respond accordingly.
Assess community needs and respond with appropriate products and services.
Assess community needs for public health services.
Assess community needs, priorities, challenges and opportunities.
Assess community needs.
Assess coverage needs and determine the core number of faculty needed for each service.
Assess customer needs to develop program features.
Assess education needs.
Assess employee needs, current career issues, and plan career counseling and assessment process.
Assess employee needs.
Assess insurance needs Including life, health, disability, liability, etc.
Assess lab reports.
Assess offender needs and develop a plan of intervention.
Assess offenders readiness for making amends for the harm they ve caused.
Assess office needs and develop a work environment that supports and empowers staff at all levels.
Assess parties readiness to resolve issues.
Assess repair needs quickly and carry out works within two working days for urgent repairs.
Assess school needs.
Assess staff needs for language references and other reference and purchase necessary items.
Assess staff needs, departmentally, by unit, by staff position, and by individual.
Assess students background knowledge.
Assess survival needs between organisms and environment.
Assess training needs at least annually.
Assess training needs for staff.
Assess training needs to achieve targeted goals and recommend strategies.
Assess users appropriate fees for educational materials and programs to recover costs when needed.
Assess youth needs and link programs locally to meet the needs.
Assessable income includes ordinary income.
Assessable loads are the basis of pollutant load fees.
Assessed budgets meet only a modest part of total expenditures.
Every assessed exercise has a hand-in date.
Assessed information flows for higher education tutoring program.
Assessed penalties are nonrefundable.
Assessed productivity needs in several theme parks, shopping areas and resorts.
Assessed property includes homes, personal and business property.
Assessed students progress and provided counseling and enrichment and remediation programs.
Assessed valuations are typically lower than market value .
Assessed value equals full cash value multiplied by the assessment ratio.
Assessed value is determined by the assessor, and is based upon market value.
Assessed value is the value at which property is taxed.
Assessed value is usually a percentage of the appraised value.
Assessed values are closer to market value following a revaluation.
Assessed values provide a means of distributing taxes among property owners in Yellowknife.
Assessed Values Use the form below to search for a valuation.
Assessed values vary from neighborhood to neighborhood and from property type to property type.
Assessed work includes essays and practical reports and contributes to the final mark for a course.
Most assessed work is commented on in detail and passed to the personal tutor.
Assessment center is strictly for testing only .
Assessment centers are fair to minorities and women.
Assessment centers are less subjective and less subject to challenge - based on objective data.
Assessment centers provide a confidential, safe environment for the analysis of job-related skills.
Assessment centers serve as a learning experience for assessors as well as for candidates.
Assessment centers yield unbiased employee evaluations.
Assessment centres are a fairer way to recruit.
Assessment centres handle registrations and assess the competence of candidates.
Assessment methods include examinations.
Assessment methods include license examinations.
Any assessment of cost depends on the assumptions the analysts wish to make.
Assessment of learning is a complex matter that is often at the heart of school reform debates.
Assessment of learning is an important part of the teaching profession.
Assessment of learning is an issue of major importance at the federal, state and local levels.
Assessment of learning is based on individual growth and performance.
Assessment of learning is ongoing and uses multiple methodologies.
Assessment of learning is ongoing, uses multiple methodologies, and includes authentic products.
Assessment of learning is timely, appropriate, and responsive to the needs of the learner.
Assessment of learning takes a lot of time and goes beyond putting together a multiple choice test.
Assessment procedures focus on responses.
An assessment is a sorting
Assessment allows all students to demonstrate the knowledge and skills they learned.
Assessment allows individuals and families to plan for an appropriate level of care.
Assessment allows ongoing feedback about impact, climate, and campus community needs.
Assessment alone changes little.
Assessment asks about measuring the quality of the programs through academic review processes.
Assessment asks questions about what is working and to what effect.
Assessment assures the community of standards of arts learning.
Assessment begins with educational values.
Assessment begins with users' issues and questions.
Assessment can be a challenge in an inquiry-based classroom.
Assessment can be a powerful and effective communication tool.
Assessment can be an important first step in finding the brightest future for our students.
Assessment can be an isolated snapshot to monitor the pulse of the operation or organization.
Assessment can be appropriate and tied directly to experiences in life and in the classroom.
Assessment can be both challenging and fun.
Assessment can be by coursework, examination or a combination of both.
Assessment can be costly, but there are some supports available for families.
Assessment can be either summative or formative.
Assessment can be informal or formal.
Assessment can be part of the quality control.
Assessment can be quite intimidating for teachers and it is a constant challenge for ALL teachers.
Assessment characterizes a child's strengths and achievements and notes areas for growth.
Assessment comes at the request of the student.
Assessment comes in a variety of formats depending upon the nature of the course.
Assessment comprises a mixture of coursework, tests and examinations.
Assessment comprises coursework and examinations.
Assessment concentrates on student performance outcomes.
Assessment consists of a mixture of coursework and examinations.
Assessment consists of both traditional examinations and continuous assessment.
Assessment consists of essays or assignments.
Assessment consists of essays, assignments and case study work.
Assessment consists of essays, project and fieldwork reports, oral presentations and examinations.
Assessment consists of practical projects, journals, seminars and essays.
Assessment consists of standardized testing, observations, and interviews with care givers.
Assessment consists of two courses that are prerequisites for most elective assessment courses.
Assessment continues to be a key goal in the area of basic skills.
Assessment continues to be an important role of reading specialists.
Assessment counts towards the final degree.
Assessment covers mathematics, English writing, and reading skills.
Assessment demands a holistic approach to students and student development.
Assessment depends on point of view.
Assessment determines value or worth.
Assessment differs according to the course.
Assessment differs depending on the course.
Assessment does drive instruction.
Assessment drives the budget.
Assessment drives the learning process.
Assessment enables schools and systems to monitor effectiveness of arts teaching and learning.
Assessment encompasses more than student information.
Assessment encourages and supports the learning outcomes and processes.
Assessment ensures academic freedom.
Assessment entails three elements.
Assessment extends beyond the evaluation of individual student work routinely conducted in courses.
Assessment focuses on applying various techniques in the analysis of defined population aggregates.
Assessment focuses on both outcomes and the experiences leading to the outcomes.
Assessment focuses on the close reading of a selected passage with a model provided.
Assessment focuses on the effectiveness of the program.
Assessment focuses on the most important outcomes as determined by faculty.
Assessment focuses on undergraduate and graduate education.
Assessment focuses primarily on college work completed at accredited colleges and universities.
Assessment focusses on all stages of the process.
Assessment focusses on meaning the extent to which students are able to share ideas and information.
Assessment focusses on the understanding of meaning and procedures.
Assessment follows from and is related to the unit objectives, both global and curricular.
Assessment follows thorough discussion among people in charge of product development and materials.
Assessment forms the foundation for meaningful understanding and change.
Assessment fosters greater educational improvement when there are multiple participants.
Assessment gives leaders the results of influence.
Assessment gives students recognition of their achievements on placement.
Assessment guides continuous improvement of a general education program.
Assessment guides the selection process.
Assessment helps prevent the teacher from teaching over the heads of the students.
Assessment helps students make decisions about the directions of future arts learning.
Assessment helps teachers create lesson plans and lifts up the level of students peer conferring.
Assessment helps teachers plan for effective arts programs.
Assessment helps teachers review the effectiveness of arts teaching strategies.
Assessment includes analysis, modeling, simulation and testing.
Assessment includes studio work, practical work and projects as well as conventional examinations.
Assessment indicates a low or moderate level of future harm to the child.
Assessment indicates that ninety percent or more of graduates are currently employed in nursing.
Assessment informs parents and carers about the student's progress and achievement in the arts.
Assessment initiates changes to student learning.
Assessment initiates changes to teaching.
Assessment initiates changes to the curriculum.
Assessment involves expert judgement based on explicit performance criteria.
Assessment involves expert judgment based on explicit performance criteria.
Assessment involves further testing, including blood tests and X-rays.
Assessment involves production of a short movie selected within or against a particular genre.
Assessment involves rigorously examining the methods used.
Assessment involves scholarship.
Assessment involves student projects that solve real-life problems and require public presentations.
Assessment involves viva with the industrialist and academics.
Assessment is always an integral part of any learning activity.
Assessment is appropriate and designed to provide accurate information about student learning.
Assessment is as broadly based as possible.
Assessment is at just value.
Assessment is authentic and interwoven with teaching.
Assessment is authentic, based on performance, seamless and ongoing, and generates new learning.
Assessment is authentic, continuous, and related to learning endeavors.
Assessment is available for all active duty and their family members.
Assessment is available individually and in group.
Assessment is be in the form of written assignments.
Assessment is broader in scope and involves gathering information over a period of time.
Assessment is by a blend of coursework and examinations.
Assessment is by a combination of class assignments and examinations.
Assessment is by a combination of coursework and examination and presentations.
Assessment is by a combination of coursework and examination.
Assessment is by a combination of coursework and examinations at the end of each semester.
Assessment is by a combination of coursework and written examinations.
Assessment is by a combination of coursework, design projects and examinations.
Assessment is by a combination of coursework, examination and presentations.
Assessment is by a combination of coursework, practical tests, examinations and project reports.
Assessment is by a combination of coursework, project and examination.
Assessment is by a combination of essays, exams, reports and presentations.
Assessment is by a combination of exam, coursework and dissertation.
Assessment is by a combination of examination and coursework.
Assessment is by a combination of examination, practical tests and coursework.
Assessment is by a combination of examinations and coursework.
Assessment is by a combination of examinations and increasingly by continuously assessed coursework.
Assessment is by a combination of formal examination and coursework.
Assessment is by a combination of formal examinations and coursework.
Assessment is by a combination of in-course assignments and end of year examinations.
Assessment is by a combination of practical work, course work and examinations.
Assessment is by a combination of regular work assignments and examinations.
Assessment is by a combination of written examinations, assessed coursework and practical tests.
Assessment is by a combination of written exams and continuous assessment.
Assessment is by a combination of written exams, project and coursework.
Assessment is by a literature review, seminar presentation and examination.
Assessment is by a mixture of assessed coursework and examination.
Assessment is by a mixture of course work and examination elements.
Assessment is by a mixture of coursework, practical and written exercises, and exhibition.
Assessment is by a mixture of examination and coursework, depending on the module.
Assessment is by a mixture of examinations and coursework in both half-degrees.
Assessment is by a mixture of examinations and coursework.
Assessment is by a mixture of unseen exams, essays, dissertations and a presentation.
Assessment is by a range of modes and is on a modular basis over four years.
Assessment is by a short examination and computing project taking place during the second term.
Assessment is by a single exam.
Assessment is by a three-hour examination in the summer.
Assessment is by a three-hour examination.
Assessment is by a two hour final examination.
Assessment is by a variety of innovative module-related assignments.
Assessment is by an essay and a short written exam at the end of the semester.
Assessment is by assignment and examination.
Assessment is by assignment.
Assessment is by assignments and a final examination.
Assessment is by assignments and a seminar.
Assessment is by assignments and an examination.
Assessment is by assignments and class tests.
Assessment is by assignments and examination at the end of the module in most cases.
Assessment is by assignments and examination.
Assessment is by assignments and exams.
Assessment is by assignments and final examination.
Assessment is by assignments through the term.
Assessment is by assignments, performance during the block course and by an examination.
Assessment is by assignments, tests and examination.
Assessment is by assignments.
Assessment is by both coursework and end of semester examination.
Assessment is by both coursework and examination and the balance varies from module to module.
Assessment is by both examination and coursework.
Assessment is by class tests and assignments.
Assessment is by class tests and examination.
Assessment is by community acceptance and grades.
Assessment is by continual assessment of all coursework.
Assessment is by continuous assessment in theory and practice.
Assessment is by continuous assessment including a year end exam.
Assessment is by continuous coursework.
Assessment is by continuous monitoring of performance and examination.
Assessment is by course portfolio.
Assessment is by course work and by examination.
Assessment is by course work and examination.
Assessment is by course work and examinations.
Assessment is by course work and written examination.
Assessment is by course work for submission normally at the end of each module.
Assessment is by course work, examinations and practical work.
Assessment is by course work, research papers, and examination.
Assessment is by course work, various forms of written work, practical work and examinations.
Assessment is by course work.
Assessment is by coursework and a research project.
Assessment is by coursework and dissertation with satisfactory completion of the placements.
Assessment is by coursework and dissertation.
Assessment is by coursework and examination.
Assessment is by coursework and examinations.
Assessment is by coursework and is marked on a pass-fail basis.
Assessment is by coursework and written assignments.
Assessment is by coursework assignment in the topics listed.
Assessment is by coursework assignments, placement project report and a dissertation.
Assessment is by coursework in all modules, and unseen examinations as well as eight modules.
Assessment is by coursework only.
Assessment is by coursework or examination, or a combination of both.
Assessment is by coursework or examination.
Assessment is by coursework, and examinations.
Assessment is by coursework, assignments and examinations.
Assessment is by coursework, essays, vivas, projects, assessment of log books and examinations.
Assessment is by coursework, examination and project work.
Assessment is by coursework, examination and the project.
Assessment is by coursework, industrial experience report, project and examination.
Assessment is by coursework, practical work and examinations.
Assessment is by coursework, practical work, examinations and a graduation project.
Assessment is by coursework, practical work, examinations and practice teaching.
Assessment is by coursework, practice teaching and examinations.
Assessment is by coursework, presentation, and written assignments.
Assessment is by coursework, project work and examination.
Assessment is by coursework, various types of written work, practice and examinations.
Assessment is by coursework.
Assessment is by dissertation and oral examination.
Assessment is by dissertation.
Assessment is by essay, presentation and examination.
Assessment is by essay.
Assessment is by essays and dissertation.
Assessment is by essays written throughout the year.
Assessment is by essays, oral presentations and exams according to the individual subject.
Assessment is by essays, oral presentations and exams.
Assessment is by essays, oral presentations, and class participation.
Assessment is by essays, research design and data analysis exercises, projects and class quizzes.
Assessment is by essays.
Assessment is by exam.
Assessment is by examination and assessed essays throughout the programme.
Assessment is by examination and coursework.
Assessment is by examination only.
Assessment is by examination or long essay, according to the rules of the relevant degree.
Assessment is by examination, coursework and project.
Assessment is by examination, essays and practical work.
Assessment is by examination, written coursework and a research thesis on an appropriate topic.
Assessment is by examination.
Assessment is by examinations and coursework.
Assessment is by examinations and practical work.
Assessment is by formal practical assessment of skills.
Assessment is by formal written examination plus course and project assignments.
Assessment is by formal written examination, oral presentation and continuously assessed coursework.
Assessment is by four papers, which test listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Assessment is by four pieces of coursework, relating to the modules, and one project.
Assessment is by group presentation and by examination.
Assessment is by in-course continuous appraisal and summative examination.
Assessment is by individual and group assignments and by examinations.
Assessment is by means of a balance of traditional examinations and coursework.
Assessment is by means of a coursework assignment.
Assessment is by means of a midterm progress examination and a final examination.
Assessment is by means of a mixture of coursework and examinations.
Assessment is by means of an assignment and a reflective log book.
Assessment is by means of an objective test of thirty questions.
Assessment is by means of coursework and examination.
Assessment is by means of coursework, open-book or conventional examination.
Assessment is by means of coursework, project work and examinations held at the end of each year.
Assessment is by means of weekly assignments and final examination.
Assessment is by midsessional and final examinations.
Assessment is by module based assignments, practical assessments and end of module tests.
Assessment is by module-related assignments that integrate theory and practice.
Assessment is by multiple choice question paper and formal practical assessment of skills.
Assessment is by number and quality of accepted publications and referee reports.
Assessment is by objective and essay tests, discussion, oral reports, and the writing assignment.
Assessment is by one extended essay words and a full-scale seminar presentation to the group.
Assessment is by one term essay and a two hour examination.
Assessment is by one term essay and a two-hour examination.
Assessment is by one term essay and an examination.
Assessment is by one two-hour examination at the end of the course.
Assessment is by one written assignment and an examination.
Assessment is by portfolio and the teacher's observation and record keeping.
Assessment is by portfolio.
Assessment is by practical coursework, projects and examinations.
Assessment is by practical work and examinations.
Assessment is by practical work, coursework and examinations.
Assessment is by practical work, coursework, projects and examinations.
Assessment is by presented essays or formal examination.
Assessment is by programming assignments and seminars.
Assessment is by project report, presentation and examination.
Assessment is by project work, continuous assessment and end of semester examinations.
Assessment is by project, coursework and examination.
Assessment is by regular testing throughout the course, and a functional final exam.
Assessment is by rubric.
Assessment is by short seminars and reports.
Assessment is by significant course work and project dissertation.
Assessment is by six written papers of equal weighting.
Assessment is by six written papers.
Assessment is by submission of a portolio of compositions completed during the period of research.
Assessment is by submission of thesis or dissertation.
Assessment is by submitted coursework, including a dissertation.
Assessment is by technical documents, essays, software deliverables and written examinations.
Assessment is by the assignment and a self, peer and tutor assessment of practice.
Assessment is by three term essays.
Assessment is by three written exams.
Assessment is by two essays and examination.
Assessment is by two term essays and a two-hour examination.
Assessment is by two term essays and an examination.
Assessment is by two written papers.
Assessment is by various means, such as coursework, projects and examinations.
Assessment is by way of a thesis describing the results of the research.
Assessment is by way of coursework assessment and final examinations.
Assessment is by way of written assignment and peer-group presentations.
Assessment is by work-based projects.
Assessment is by written and oral reports of the work done.
Assessment is by written and practical work and examinations.
Assessment is by written and video examinations, coursework and assignments.
Assessment is by written assignment and in some cases class presentations.
Assessment is by written assignments and examinations.
Assessment is by written assignments, learning journal, and online forum participation.
Assessment is by written assignments.
Assessment is by written examination and assignments.
Assessment is by written examination.
Assessment is by written examinations and a dissertation.
Assessment is by written reports and a plant collection.
Assessment is by written reports and a viva voce examination.
Assessment is by written reports and oral presentations.
Assessment is by written translations with commentaries, and participation in the online forum.
Assessment is by year-end exam.
Assessment is continual and integrated with other goals and activities on campus.
Assessment is continual on a module by module basis and varies from written to practical assignment.
Assessment is continual through a variety of projects and external examinations.
Assessment is continuous and based on projects and assignments.
Assessment is continuous and covers all aspects of the course.
Assessment is continuous and instruction is seamless.
Assessment is continuous and is based on all components of the course.
Assessment is continuous and primarily project-orientated.
Assessment is continuous and project orientated.
Assessment is continuous by project, supplemented by presentation, written work and collaboration.
Assessment is continuous in theory and practice, including examination.
Assessment is continuous through assignments, projects, presentations and case studies etc.
Assessment is continuous, based on project reports, essays and conceptual proposals.
Assessment is continuous, based on work assignments in addition to written examinations.
Assessment is continuous, dynamic and systematic.
Assessment is continuous, with research progressing each year.
Assessment is continuous.
Assessment is criterion-referenced.
Assessment is crucial at every step of the way.
Assessment is dynamic, interactive, ongoing, and informal.
Assessment is exploratory, tentative, and incomplete.
Assessment is faculty driven, reflecting a collective effort.
Assessment is for the benefit of students.
Assessment is formative, non-judgmental, and diagnostic.
Assessment is free of charge.
Assessment is hard, especially in monetary terms.
Assessment is in the closure.
Assessment is in the form of a practical test and individual projects.
Assessment is in the form of a written examination, detailed seminar papers and practicals.
Assessment is in the form of a written examination, written report and an individual project.
Assessment is in the form of a written examination, written report and practical exercises.
Assessment is in the form of individual project work.
Assessment is in the form of project proposal, report and seminar.
Assessment is in the form of team project planning, individual project proposal, report and seminar.
Assessment is in the form of two assignments.
Assessment is in the form of two essays.
Assessment is in the form of weekly synopses and a seminar presentation.
Assessment is in the form of written and oral reports.
Assessment is in two parts.
Assessment is inherent in the arts.
Assessment is key to gauging success.
Assessment is key to the design of the curriculum and the success of students.
Assessment is key.
Assessment is largely through coursework and a final year dissertation.
Assessment is largely through practical assignments and other coursework.
Assessment is meaningful, practical, efficient, and ongoing.
Assessment is much more than testing.
Assessment is much more than that.
Assessment is much more, however, than mere evaluation.
Assessment is on a combination of examination and coursework marks.
Assessment is on a continuous and integrated basis.
Assessment is on a continuous basis.
Assessment is on a modular basis and includes coursework, examination, presentation and viva voce.
Assessment is on similar lines.
Assessment is on the basis of course work, examinations and performance.
Assessment is on the basis of performance in the research project and the formal course work.
Assessment is on the basis of six assignments.
Assessment is on the basis of written assignments.
Assessment is on the last licensee of products sold in bulk.
Assessment is on the manufacturer or label guarantor of packaged products.
Assessment is on-going and guides instruction.
Assessment is on-going and tied to student learning.
Assessment is on-going, occurring every semester in various ways.
Assessment is optional, but highly recommended.
Assessment is optional.
Assessment is paramount.
Assessment is part of a larger set of conditions that promote organizational change.
Assessment is part of any teacher's responsibility.
Assessment is part of everyday school activity.
Assessment is part of strategic planning and program review.
Assessment is part of the language teacher's job.
Assessment is part of the larger college planning and effectiveness process.
Assessment is partly through an essay assignment.
Assessment is payable in semi-annual installments with property tax bill.
Assessment is primarily by course work with occasional examinations.
Assessment is primarily by coursework with an examination process of lesser prominence.
Assessment is primarily by end of year exams.
Assessment is primarily by multiple choice exam paper.
Assessment is primarily for the improvement of academic programs.
Assessment is qualitative in nature.
Assessment is regular and continuous.
Assessment is still important, even on a small scale.
Assessment is still the job of each educator.
Assessment is teamwork.
Assessment is through a combination of coursework and examination.
Assessment is through a combination of coursework and formal examinations.
Assessment is through a combination of coursework, examinations, projects and presentations.
Assessment is through a combination of in-class presentations, research papers and examination.
Assessment is through a combination of oral and written exams, projects and coursework.
Assessment is through a combination of oral and written exams, research projects and coursework.
Assessment is through a combination of teacher-assessed coursework and written examination.
Assessment is through a combination of termly written examinations and continuous assessment.
Assessment is through a mix of coursework, laboratory work, and examinations.
Assessment is through a mixture of coursework and examination.
Assessment is through a mixture of coursework and examinations.
Assessment is through a mixture of examinations and course work.
Assessment is through a three-hour examination with a choice of four questions from eight.
Assessment is through both oral and written examinations.
Assessment is through coursework, presentations and examinations.
Assessment is through coursework.
Assessment is through one major practical report and a two-hour examination.
Assessment is through on-going written and spoken assignments.
Assessment is through practice teaching, course work and examinations.
Assessment is through testing, correct answers.
Assessment is through the design, implementation and analysis of a survey.
Assessment is through the students records of their learning throughout the course.
Assessment is through written assignment work and an exam.
Assessment is through written examinations comprising dictation, and composition.
Assessment is through written examinations, project work and class participation.
Assessment is to practice, as grading is to performance.
Assessment is up to the teacher.
Assessment is via a thesis in which the results and conclusions of the study are presented.
Assessment is via a written assignment.
Assessment is via both continual assessment and examination.
Assessment is via course assignments plus a viva voce examination.
Assessment is via coursework and examination.
Assessment is via essays, a case study, an individual project and an exam at the end.
Assessment is via one piece of coursework and one three hour examination.
Assessment is via practical assignment and short written tests.
Assessment is wholly by continuous methods.
Assessment is wholly by coursework.
Assessment isa cognition.
Assessment isa knowledge.
Assessment leads to directed growth for both students and faculty members.
Assessment leads to improved practices of teaching and learning.
Assessment links the evaluation of completed training to the planning of upcoming training.
Assessment marks the transition from one set of services to the other.
Assessment means evaluation and the more specific process of diagnosing individual difficulties.
Assessment measures how well students are doing in school.
Assessment measures what the students know and can do.
Assessment needs to be a continuous process.
Assessment needs to be a part of any change process.
Assessment needs to be broad and more inclusive.
Assessment needs to be followed by action.
Assessment needs to be ongoing and linked directly to instruction.
Assessment needs to be valid.
Assessment occurs at the beginning, in the middle, and at the end of learning opportunities.
Assessment occurs at the end of a module, whilst during it feedback is given at appropriate stages.
Assessment occurs at the end the project.
Assessment occurs before manufacture or importation.
Assessment occurs in several ways.
Assessment occurs in the context to regularly scheduled class tests.
Assessment occurs on an on-going basis as teachers observe children.
Assessment occurs through teacher observations and through student exhibitions and portfolios.
Assessment operates on many, nested levels.
Assessment plays a big role here as at the school level.
Assessment plays a critical role in embedded-system remediation.
Assessment plays a major role throughout the report.
Assessment plays an important part in the teaching-learning process at all levels of education.
Assessment plays an important role both in guiding learners and adjusting instruction.
Assessment points toward things that somebody values.
Assessment prevents crises.
Assessment provides as opportunity for student learning.
Assessment provides evidence for attainment of standards.
Assessment provides feedback.
Assessment provides for accountability.
Assessment recognizes the value of information in the process of continuous improvement.
Assessment recognizes the value of information in the process of improvement.
Assessment records for taxes and road construction gain a new dimension when compared to such maps.
Assessment refers to our evaluation of departmental outcomes.
Assessment refers to tests given to large groups of students.
Assessment refers to the clinical diagnosis and associated reports.
Assessment refers to the determination of tax liability.
Assessment refers to the set of practices used to measure outcomes.
Assessment relates closely to learning outcomes.
Assessment reports for tracking student progress.
Assessment requires determination of the degree of obesity and absolute risk status.
Assessment requires determination of the degree of overweight and overall risk status.
Assessment requires information on features like slope, soil type and ground cover.
Assessment results guide modifications to our instructional program.
Assessment results guide students into courses for which they are prepared.
Assessment reveals a well-nourished client who appears fatigued.
Assessment reveals and helps to close the gap between curricular goals and student outcomes.
Assessment reveals tenting of the forearm skin.
Assessment rolls A list of taxable property compiled by the assessor.
Assessment rolls for the City of Toronto.
Assessment scales in old age psychiatry .
Assessment scales to be used for educational purpose only.
Assessment serve different purposes and are designed appropriately.
Assessment shifts the emphasis of a general education program from inputs to outcomes.
Assessment skills so our young ones learn what to look for in a seriously disturbed peer.
Assessment takes a variety of forms.
Assessment takes approximately one hour to complete.
Assessment takes approximately two and one-half hours.
Assessment takes into account a student's language proficiency.
Assessment takes into account the written report and an oral presentation.
Assessment takes place at the end of each term.
Assessment takes place by the instructor in both verbal and written form.
Assessment takes place during the lesson.
Assessment takes place in the second semester.
Assessment takes place in two stages.
Assessment takes place through instructor evaluation.
Assessment takes place through the discussion process at every stage.
Assessment takes several forms.
Assessment takes two to three hours.
Assessment tends to look at specific parts of the learning environment.
Assessment tends, all else being equal, to drive students' efforts to learn in a subject.
Assessment varies according to particular module requirements.
Assessment varies and includes coursework and examinations.
Assessment varies widely as well.
Assessment works best when the programs it seeks to improve have clear, explicitly state purposes.
Assessment works only if both of the people involved play their part.
Assessments address all students.
Assessments address literacies.
Assessments aid management.
Assessments align with the goals of instruction.
Assessments also administers state mandated exemption programs and optional borough exemptions.
Assessments also are key career planning tools for individuals.
Assessments also help to verify what students are learning in the classroom.
Assessments also provide the information for configuring the workshop's objectives and agenda.
Assessments apply to all public water supplies whether the source is ground water or surface water.
Assessments are a combination of coursework, exercises, presentations and some examinations.
Assessments are all work based, open assignments.
Assessments are also an important aspect of course design.
Assessments are also integral to the new accountability systems in many states.
Assessments are also varied in order to match the skills being assessed.
Assessments are an assessor's best guess as to what a property is worth.
Assessments are an important part of disaster management.
Assessments are an optional part of the program.
Assessments are as critical to a team's success as the decisions and actions it takes.
Assessments are as objective as possible.
Assessments are available anywhere in Australia.
Assessments are available for all jobs and industries.
Assessments are available for current and prospective management and sales personnel.
Assessments are available in International English, French, Spanish, and German.
Assessments are available in the areas of school psychology, audiology, and communication skills.
Assessments are available on an individual basis.
Assessments are available to determine the suitability of program placement.
Assessments are available to help the student determine current skill levels and learning style.
Assessments are available to offer insights for greater self-awareness.
Assessments are available to residents of Livingston County, Michigan.
Assessments are available.
Assessments are based on assumed lack of risk and lack of evidence.
Assessments are being done, a programme is in the making.
Assessments are charge.
Assessments are compared to sale prices to determine the level of assessments in Peoria County.
Assessments are confidential, quick and comprehensive and based on a sliding-scale fee.
Assessments are consistent and imply high expectations.
Assessments are cross-referenced with a class roll.
Assessments are crucial accountability measures.
Assessments are difficult because it has to fit into so many people's schedules.
Assessments are due at the first regular meeting after the assessment is made.
Assessments are due the first day of the month and considered delinquent the last day of the month.
Assessments are embedded in the activity to encourage discussion and gauge learning.
Assessments are essential tools for linking science and decision making.
Assessments are for the purpose of teaching and learning.
Assessments are formal means of determining the skills and learning potential of students.
Assessments are free and completely non-regulatory.
Assessments are free.
Assessments are from the one year old roll.
Assessments are grades that are entered in the gradebook by the system.
Assessments are important for seeing where things stand at any given moment.
Assessments are important.
Assessments are in keeping with the students' backgrounds and interests.
Assessments are incomplete.
Assessments are jeopardy assessments.
Assessments are less likely to become a problem when buyers are prepared.
Assessments are like paying for the denomination's plumbing system.
Assessments are methods of evaluation to determine achievement of competencies.
Assessments are monetary values.
Assessments are more than a paperwork requirement, of course.
Assessments are most helpful when used in combination with other exploration exercises.
Assessments are neutral on their face with respect to the groups protected by civil rights law.
Assessments are now a standard library practice.
Assessments are often changeable, contradictory and incomplete.
Assessments are often misunderstood, which causes much bad feeling between taxpayers and government.
Assessments are often real-life assignments.
Assessments are ongoing but some areas remain inaccessible.
Assessments are ongoing to ensure that activities remain relevant to the needs of the population.
Assessments are ongoing, frequent and consistent with what research reports as good practice.
Assessments are ongoing.
Assessments are only available to professionals who are licensed to administer the test.
Assessments are only opinions.
Assessments are open book to encourage learning rather than memorization.
Assessments are performance-based, generative, equitable, seamless, and ongoing.
Assessments are plentiful, and a customized learning path is available.
Assessments are powerful aids for individuals and organizations alike.
Assessments are subject to stringent data statistical analysis.
Assessments are subjective and approximate.
Assessments are summarized in tables.
Assessments are the base that is used to determine the tax burden.
Assessments are the feedback that every system needs in order to be productive and grow.
Assessments are the many ways to check how well students are meeting expectations.
Assessments are the means through which students demonstrate what they have learned in a given unit.
Assessments are the primary tool used to evaluate success or failure.
Assessments are the traditional way to handle the maintenance of ditches.
Assessments are therefore to some extent necessarily subjective.
Assessments are to be gathered from both internal and external constituencies.
Assessments are to be revised annually or before if material changes occur in staff, equipment, etc.
Assessments are unbiased and reflect a student s actual knowledge.
Assessments are unbiased and reflect a student's actual knowledge.
Assessments are under way to develop infectious disease control activities in other targeted areas.
Assessments are used by organizations.
Assessments are usually in addition to homeowners association dues.
Assessments are valuations made by government agencies to value local property.
Assessments attract attention.
Assessments base on experience.
Assessments begin at the bottom.
Assessments Below are the links to the current assessments for each subject area.
Assessments can also affirm that objectives and goals are being met.
Assessments can also determine a consensus of thought on a particular subject matter.
Assessments can be informal or formal.
Assessments can be objective or subjective.
Assessments can help.
Assessments can include written tests, assignments, oral presentations and project work.
Assessments can take place in the home, school, residential placement, day provision etc.
Assessments capture the full richness of the skill standards.
Assessments clarify strengths and developmental areas.
Assessments come at the end of each module.
Assessments come in many shapes and forms.
Assessments comes in many forms and varieties.
Assessments conducted by optometrists often depend on the specialty area of the doctor.
Assessments consist of interviews with parents and observations of children at home.
Assessments consist of problems, short answer, and extended response items.
Assessments constitute element of loss.
Assessments constitute the basis for regular and frequent communication with parents.
Assessments cover everything in the assigned reading, plus everything covered in class.
Assessments cover everything in the assigned readings, plus everything covered in class.
Assessments cover technologies to capture, store and utilise greenhouse gases.
Assessments demonstrate potential.
Assessments determine job training needs for clients.
Assessments determine reading potential and present reading achievement.
Assessments determine the amount of property taxes paid.
Assessments determine the long term care needs of the geriatric patient.
Assessments dig deeper than just the issues listed in the questionnaire.
Assessments enable individuals to identify and demonstrate their personal skill levels.
Assessments enable students to measure skill sets before and after training .
Assessments enable teachers to evaluate progress.
Assessments focus on difficulties in areas, such as verbal memory, that affect communication skills.
Assessments focus on the information needed to pursue the student's transition goals.
Assessments follow girls to all subsequent placements.
Assessments give trend data on student progress.
Assessments given in the center review a person s interests, skills and personality type.
Assessments have to be completed by set times.
Assessments have ups and downs.
Assessments help advisers to determine why some stations perform better than others.
Assessments help individuals choose an area of study suited to their interests and aptitudes.
Assessments help manufacturers maximize energy efficiency, reduce waste, and improve productivity.
Assessments help manufacturers maximize productivity.
Assessments help students re-direct learning opportunities.
Assessments help students, teachers, schools, and parents understand what competencies are valued.
Assessments help teachers evaluate reading progress.
Assessments help teachers to evaluate student's progress.
Assessments help the user to measure both skill level and progress throughout the course.
Assessments helps students, parents, teachers, and administrators reflect on learning and progress.
Assessments highlight importance.
Assessments identify the major potential sources of contamination to drinking water supplies.
Assessments identify the training and coaching that matches each employee's real needs.
Assessments include analyses.
Assessments include consideration.
Assessments include details.
Assessments include measurements.
Assessments include semen analyses.
Assessments increase or decrease within a neighborhood based on the three prior years' sales.
Assessments indicate calculations.
Assessments indicate knowledge.
Assessments indicate results.
Assessments indicate that candidates meet professional, state, and institutional standards.
Assessments indicate that one out of every four children is undernourished.
Assessments involve a combination of conventional physics problems and computer based exercises.
Assessments involve administering IQ, cognitive, achievement, and behavioral measures.
Assessments involve assessments.
Assessments involve determination.
Assessments involve examinations.
Assessments lead to professional development.
Assessments measure student knowledge at the course level.
Assessments measure student progress on standards.
Assessments normally take place during the admission process well before the first semester begins.
Assessments occur on a regular basis.
Assessments offer specific feedback on performance opportunities in key operational areas.
Assessments pinpoint specific areas that can benefit any organization through improvement.
Assessments provide a systematic evaluation of the status of geologic systems or processes.
Assessments provide descriptions.
Assessments provide feedback.
Assessments provide information.
Assessments provide mechanisms for public review and scrutiny.
Assessments provide the basis for training and action.
Assessments provide valuable information.
Assessments Provides information on insolvency guaranty fund assessments and expenditures.
Assessments range from early phoneme awareness assessments to the development of reading.
Assessments range from game type to exam type.
Assessments range from on-line evaluations to consulting meetings on site.
Assessments reflect real-world activities.
Assessments reflect the market value of properties in Edmonton and are updated every year.
Assessments reflect the value of the 'market' for a given property.
Assessments require an overall pass mark.
Assessments require expertise.
Assessments require further investigations.
Assessments require intensive monitors.
Assessments require invasive procedures.
Assessments require investigations.
Assessments require monitors.
Assessments require procedures.
Assessments require systematic monitors.
Assessments requiredstudents to apply the science concepts they had learned in a new situation.
Assessments result in a gap analysis and recommendations report.
Assessments reveal patterns.
Assessments reveal potential.
Assessments show differences.
Assessments show extinction.
Assessments show potential.
Assessments show very positive and significant results.
Assessments take into account student background.
Assessments take place over a one month period, for several hours a week.
Assessments take place where, in the interests of the child, it is most appropriate.
Assessments take places.
Assessments tend to be used in private and become public only under the assessor's control.
Assessments too can suffer a similar fate.
Assessments typically vary across states.
Assessments use computer printouts to illustrate participant's wellness profile.
Assessments validly test the full range of adopted standards.
Assessments vary and can be continuous or at the end of a module.
Assessments vary from the city to the outlying areas.
Assessments vary greatly in the guidebook depending on grade level and age level.
Assessments always have only one score.
Assessments frequently differ.
Assessments frequently serve as the cornerstone of efforts to improve education.
Assessments often vary in a taxing area, due to important differences in properties.
Assessments usually occur in mid-progress when corrections can be made.
Assessments usually remain top secret, as do their findings.
All assessment forms for a student.
All assessment is based on work done during the activities listed.
All assessment is by course work.
All assessment is by coursework and teaching is by lectures, seminars and workshops.
All assessment is by coursework.
All assessment is continuous and, for most degree courses, there are no final examinations.
All assessment is continuous.
All assessment is criteria-referenced.
All assessment is done at the expense of the student.
All assessment is essay or dissertation based.
All assessment is formal examination.
All assessment is in the form of work-related written coursework and, finally, a dissertation.
All assessment is performed under exam conditions, with a pool of dictionaries available.
All assessment is to be done on an individual basis.
All assessments are an indicator of how well a student is learning.
All assessments are at least partly on paper.
All assessments are available online with several personalized reports to choose from.
All assessments are by appointment only.
All assessments are confidential.
All assessments are criterion referenced.
All assessments are multiple choice.
All assessments are subject to change.
All assessments come from the text.
All assessments describe Russia as the largest nation far behind in preparations.
All assessments occur after children have practiced a skill for at least five days.
All assessments point to a successful plan.
All assessments receive homework credit only if they are submitted on the day assigned.
Any assessment is only as good as the action that arises from it.
Many assessments affect the merit rise or bonus of the employee.
Many assessments are authentic in nature and are linked to practicum experiences.
More assessments are also available for a fee.
Most assessment is done in a play-based setting involving parents and professionals.
Most assessment is informal and ongoing.
Most assessments are available for administration on the Internet or booklet style.
Most assessments are summarized in tables.
Most assessments are used by organizations.
Most assessments attract attention.
Most assessments demonstrate potential.
Most assessments examine changes in client functioning between intake and the end of treatment.
Most assessments indicate calculations.
Most assessments indicate knowledge.
Most assessments indicate results.
Most assessments involve a consideration of direct emissions only.
Most assessments involve assessments.
Most assessments involve determination.
Most assessments involve examinations.
Most assessments provide descriptions.
Most assessments provide feedback.
Most assessments provide information.
Most assessments provide valuable information.
Most assessments require expertise.
Most assessments require further investigations.
Most assessments require intensive monitors.
Most assessments require invasive procedures.
Most assessments require investigations.
Most assessments require monitors.
Most assessments require procedures.
Most assessments require systematic monitors.
Most assessments reveal patterns.
Most assessments reveal potential.
Most assessments show differences.
Most assessments show extinction.
Most assessments show potential.
Most assessments take places.
Most assessments take the form of assignment and project work.
Some assessment is made also of the traditional use of functionalist theory.
Some assessments address key issues.
Some assessments address several issues.
Some assessments address several key issues.
Some assessments also contribute to the degree classification.
Some assessments are brief and focus on a specific problem.
Some assessments are more formal, others more informal.
Some assessments are totally free.
Some assessments are written, others are verbal, practical or IT based.
Some assessments become components.
Some assessments combine knowledge.
Some assessments currently exist.
Some assessments deal with environments.
Some assessments do go up regularly.
Some assessments help engineers.
Some assessments help jobs.
Some assessments identify types.
Some assessments indicate electricity.
Some assessments indicate movement.
Some assessments occur during time.
Some assessments provide assessments.
Some assessments provide insight.
Some assessments show gametogenesis.
Some assessments show patterns.
Some assessments show similar patterns.
Some assessments support components.
Some assessments use methods.
Some assessments use recorders.
Some assessments use results.
An assessor is an official
Assessors account number of subject property.
Assessors acknowledge receipt electronically by next working day.
Assessors also do inspections if they see work done without a permit.
Assessors are education professionals and are specialist technical or disability-related workers.
Assessors are independent, anonymous, appropriately qualified and nominated on a case by case basis.
Assessors are interested only in fairly assessing property in their assessing unit.
Assessors are interested only in fairly assessing property in their assessing using.
Assessors are technical peers.
Assessors are the chief tax officials in the community.
Assessors are the foundation of real property tax administration.
Assessors assign a rating to the relevant dimensions in each exercise.
Assessors attend free of charge and receive training for the assessment process.
Assessors become coaches and mentors.
Assessors can only act on applications filed timely.
Assessors carry out a slightly different function, but with the same aims as the mentor.
Assessors enjoy special privileges in many states.
Assessors grant abatements and answer any questions regarding excise tax bills.
Assessors grant abatements and answer questions regarding excise tax bills.
Assessors have nothing to do with deciding the total amount of taxes to be collected.
Assessors have the authority to abbreviate any description.
Assessors have the monumental task of inventorying and valuing all property within a municipality.
Assessors inspect about one-sixth of the property in the county every year.
Assessors interview and observe children in each parent's care.
Assessors interview or observe children in each parent's care.
Assessors judge a property's worth on a variety of factors, including surrounding values.
Assessors look at issues that are an essential component of scoring and role model determination.
Assessors look at records of property sales by neighborhood to help determine current values.
Assessors look for clear specifications for the product.
Assessors look for evidence of areas of understanding and uncertainty.
Assessors maintain records of all land ownership in each county.
Assessors observe and evaluate participants' professional skills.
Assessors simply assess taxes in an amount sufficient to cover state and local appropriations.
Assessors use more than one comparable to determine values using the sales approach.
Assessors use more than one comparable, usually three to five.
Assessors usually value property for tax purposes.
Every assessor has a certain field of activity to lead.
Many assessors start here first, by asking to see the organizational chart.
Some assessors are simply crooks.
Some assessors serve more than one township.
Asset allocation affects both risk and return and is a central concept in investment management.
Asset allocation affects both risk and return.
Asset allocation can help provide the best protection against the whims of a fickle market.
Asset allocation can turn a good portfolio into a great one.
Asset allocation drives the rate of return.
Asset allocation is a board's most important investment decision.
Asset allocation is a continual process.
Asset allocation is a dynamic process which considers broad trends in the markets and the economy.
Asset allocation is a good place to start thinking about where to invest.
Asset allocation is a prime strategy for the investor.
Asset allocation is a valid and useful concept.
Asset allocation is alive and well.
Asset allocation is an essential component of creating a solid portfolio.
Asset allocation is good - but using today's data, rather than yesterday's, works best.
Asset allocation is important because it helps balance risk and reward.
Asset allocation is just as important during a withdrawal phase.
Asset allocation is minimal.
Asset allocation is the cornerstone of good investing.
Asset allocation is the hardest forward-looking decision for an endowment to make.
Asset allocation is the key determinant of portfolio performance.
Asset allocation is the key to portfolio management.
Asset allocation is the most important determinate of investment performance.
Asset allocation is the primary tool in the battle to build a diversified portfolio.
Asset allocation is the process of allocating funds to each asset class.
Asset allocation is the process of balancing risk and return.
Asset allocation is the process of optimizing portfolios to meet investors' goals.
Asset allocation is the process of selecting the very best mix of competing financial instruments.
Asset allocation is the single most important driver of investment return.
Asset allocation is the spread of fund investments between different sectors.
Asset allocation is usually an area of disagreement between buyers and sellers.
Asset allocation is yet another way to diversify.
Asset allocation means choosing investments in several asset classes.
Asset allocation provides a balanced, rational approach to building long-term wealth.
Asset allocation recognizes different classes of assets and a variety of factors within each class.
Asset allocation varies with age.
Asset allocation varies with salary.
Asset allocation works over the longer-term.
Asset classes can be as simple as cash equivalents, stocks, and bonds.
All asset classes go through investment cycles.
All asset classes lose value.
Every asset class has long-term capital market assumptions.
Some asset classes offer the potential for high returns but carry a high level of risk.
Asset control is largely a bigger issue than entry.
Asset forfeiture encourages thefts by the police.
Asset forfeiture is a growth industry.
Asset forfeiture is a powerful crime-fighting tool.
Asset forfeiture is a powerful tool in fighting crime and hurting drug pushers.
Asset forfeiture is another important tool in the hands of law enforcement.
Asset forfeitures are a way of augmenting their funding.
Asset forfeitures are also routine.
Asset forfeitures involve a civil proceeding.
Asset management accounts combine clients' banking and investment activity into one account.
Asset management can increase the value of the state's resources.
Asset management can vary from a central group control to an open source model.
Asset management enables full utilization of all assets before others are purchased.
Asset management exemplifies the deficiencies afflicting banks in their approach to human resources.
Asset management is available.
Asset management is the key to efficient content re-use.
Asset management is the real key here.
Asset management is where it's at.
Asset management Manage the person's money, investments, bills expenses, property and other assets.
Asset management means different things to different companies.
Asset management seems to be growing as a strategic focus for many prepress firms as well.
Asset managers are still well below their historical levels.
Every asset manager has a track record.
Most asset managers are aware that interest income is subject to the highest tax burden.
Many asset markets exhibit a pattern of slow booms and sudden crashes.
Asset prices are unpredictable .
Asset prices begin to soar beyond any concept of intrinsic value.
Asset prices vary inversely to their fixed returns.
Asset protection is achieved through perimeter coverage of the ward or facility.
Asset protection is an area of tax planning that is often overlooked.
Asset protection is different from traditional retirement or estate planning.
Asset protection is extremely important for all businesses, especially in high-crime areas.
Asset protection is like fire insurance or life insurance.
Asset protection is more in the forefront of planning because of expanding theories of liability.
Asset protection is much like investment diversification.
Asset protection is part of that process.
Asset protection is undoubtedly an important part of long term retirement planning.
Asset protection works the same way.
Asset quality appears to be high.
Asset quality continues to be excellent.
Asset quality covers an institutional loan's quality which reflects the earnings of the institution.
Asset quality is certainly a key area of concern in the banking sector today.
Asset quality is excellent and showed no signs of deterioration.
Asset quality is good and the bank has a high capital ratio.
Asset quality is solid and reserves are more than adequate.
Asset quality is suspect.
Asset quality is the constant concern.
Asset quality remains good with problem loans fully covered by credit loss reserves.
Asset quality remains high and the capital position remains strong.
Asset quality remains poor among Japanese banks, although disclosure of problem loans is improving.
Asset quality remains strong.
Asset recovery is a complex business.
Asset turnover is below industry average but above market average.
Asset turnover is represented by total revenues divided by total tangible assets.
Asset turnovers decrease and cash flow from operations also falls.
An asset is quality
Asset based loans are available to companies with an immediate use for funds.
Asset classes Different types of investments.
Asset is a set of software products and tools for content management, distribution and e-publishing.
Asset is the ideal source of up to date industry information for finance professionals.
Asset isa quality.
Asset map the neighborhood s people and property resources.
Asset register incorporating depreciation.
Asset stripping by managers is rampant in the Czech Republic.
Asset tracking software incorporates a tree management system as well as Australian park management.
Asset turns is simply sales over total assets.
Assets also have the power to promote.
Assets also provide families with a means for a long-term escape from poverty.
Assets also require capital, and they can slow reaction to market changes.
Assets appear to have been sold at a fair price.
Assets are a use of cash.
Assets are a useful measuring device for fees.
Assets are aircrafts.
Assets are also shared and reused within a project.
Assets are an insurance against financial uncertainty and a way of preparing for future expenses.
Assets are anything a company owns.
Assets are anything a person owns with value, such as property, cash, etc.
Assets are anything the business owns that has monetary value.
Assets are anything which can be assigned a monetary value that can be realized by selling the item.
Assets are balance sheet accounts.
Assets are bank accounts, certificates of deposit, and stocks.
Assets are benchmarks for positive child and adolescent development.
Assets are cash and other property with a monetary value.
Assets are cash and other property with monetary value.
Assets are certainly one way of evaluating the size of a foundation.
Assets are computer listed and bar coded to provide complete inventory information upon demand.
Assets are costly to corporations.
Assets are current assets and long-term or fixed assets.
Assets are either current or noncurrent.
Assets are either internal or external.
Assets are either tangible or intangible.
Assets are equal to liabilities plus stockholder equity.
Assets are few and revenues are scant.
Assets are for individual share classes.
Assets are in two main categories.
Assets are items owned by the business which have value.
Assets are items that are owned.
Assets are items that have substantial value and can be converted into cash.
Assets are items which are owned by a business or money which is owed to the business.
Assets are mainly stores of expectations regarding future values.
Assets are money and property owned by an individual.
Assets are money or property.
Assets are only assets if they can be converted to cash.
Assets are possessions.
Assets are powerful.
Assets are productive only when combined with managerial service.
Assets are properties having eco-nomic value.
Assets are properties.
Assets are quality.
Assets are resources of the business enterprise.
Assets are resources owned or controlled by the company.
Assets are resources owned which help earn profits.
Assets are strategically divided and cloaked.
Assets are strongly related to behavioral choices.
Assets are strongly related to the choices young people make.
Assets are the items of value that a firm owns.
Assets are the key building blocks that help young people grow up healthy.
Assets are the positive factors that empower youth.
Assets are the possessions of value such as a house or car, or money in the bank.
Assets are the properties or economic resources owned by the business.
Assets are the resources that a business uses to produce a product or deliver a service.
Assets are the things which the town or the neighborhood have under their control.
Assets are things of value owned by a business.
Assets are too few everywhere, communities too fragmented, high risk behavior too common.
Assets are uncoordinated.
Assets are usually much larger.
Assets are very much subject to accounting treatment and are often difficult to analyze.
Assets are what a company owns, such as equipment, buildings and inventory.
Assets are what the firm owns.
Assets are worth more than the asking price.
Assets become transferable.
Assets belong to the person whose name is on the title.
Assets can also reside on other networked servers and client workstations.
Assets can be a heavy weight to bear when they underperform.
Assets can be anything from houses and ancestral farmland to furniture and farm equipment.
Assets can be buildings and machinery used to manufacture products.
Assets can be either liquid or non-liquid.
Assets can be skills, personal qualities, situations, or opportunities.
Assets can be such things as skills or feelings of worth.
Assets can do double duty.
Assets can grow tax-exempt inside the trust.
Assets can help teens become someone others can look up to, count on, trust, and respect.
Assets can include cash, contracts, receivables, inventories, and physical property and equipment.
Assets can include stocks, bonds, real estate, personal property, etc.
Assets can reside as objects in the file system or inside a database.
Assets can take many forms, ranging from money in checking accounts to investment portfolios.
Assets can take many forms.
Assets change gradually while production swings widely.
Assets come in current and fixed varieties.
Assets commonly leased by small businesses include equipment, vehicles, real estate, or facilities.
Assets concentrated in a single stock or business can create risks that deserve expert attention.
Assets consist of homes, businesses, or anything of monetary value.
Assets continue to grow every year as well.
Assets contribute to quality.
Assets cover such areas as empowerment, positive values and commitment to learning.
Assets depend on people to create value.
Assets fall into two categories.
Assets get a new value for tax purposes when someone dies.
Assets given to a child belong to the child irrevocably.
Assets grow amid poverty, triggering an empowering ripple effect.
Assets grow income tax deferred.
Assets grow tax-deferred.
Assets have differing abilities to meet cash demand.
Assets have functions.
Assets have implications for many different areas of congregational life.
Assets have the ability to provide future benefits to the company.
Assets having good years can mitigate the losses of assets having bad years.
Assets held in an individual's name are often on public record.
Assets help protect young people from making many harmful and unhealthy choices.
Assets here are temperate climate, and, in winter, rare wild temperature swings.
Assets is one of the tools on our journey toward something more.
Assets lead to success.
Assets make it all possible.
Assets mean any real or personal property an applicant owns.
Assets mean income, property, cash, or anything of value.
Assets means net assets, plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes.
Assets most help rural poverty reduction when they are divisible into small low-cost units.
Assets now are less plants and machinery and more between the ears of the employees.
Assets pass to charity rather than go back to the donor or the donor's family.
Assets passed by way of a living trust avoid the cost of probate.
Assets placed in a custodial account are irrevocable gifts.
Assets placed in the account belong irrevocably to the child.
Assets provide security of supply, and create value in the right conditions.
Assets provides small business start-up training and counseling.
Assets remain tax deferred.
Assets represents all forms of ownership claims in things that have value.
Assets require interpretations.
Assets revert back to government upon dissolution.
Assets rise in value which makes households wealthier which then fuels their consumption spending.
Assets satisfy required certification criteria.
Assets Take advantage of our connections.
Assets tend to disappear during a family crisis and the break-up of a marriage.
Assets turns too low.
Assets vested in such a trust are also exempt from estate duty.
Assets withdrawn at relatively young ages are more likely to be used for non-retirement purposes.
All assets are in trust.
All assets are intact and being preserved for that possibility.
All assets are liable in the payment of debts.
All assets are perfectly divisible and priced in a perfectly competitive marked.
All assets passing to a qualified charity are also exempt.
All assets placed in a contractual trust are immediately out of the taxable estate.
All assets purchased by, or donated to, any committee are the property of the club.
Any assets acquired before the marriage are separate property.
Any assets being amortized, indicate most recent unamortized balance.
Any assets placed into a custodial account are irrevocable.
Every asset has a default collection schedule as denoted by the timeline.
Every asset owned outright by a decedent passes through probate.
Many assets have productive and collateral value well past the point of full depreciation.
Most assets are in the form of capital - such as businesses.
Most assets contribute to quality.
Most assets have functions.
Most assets lead to success.
Most assets require interpretations.
Most assets retain some recovery at the end of their useful lives, which is known as salvage value.
Most assets take time and large commissions or discounts to move.
Some assets are exempt and disregarded in determining eligibility.
Some assets are exempt from sale, while others are almost never exempt.
Some assets are hard to schedule because they're needed for the conflict.
Some assets are immediately negotiable or easily converted to cash.
Some assets carry special sentimental value.
Some assets have places.
Some assets have value because of the potential income they can generate.
Some assets increase over time.
Some assets maintain or even increase their value over time while others leak like a sieve.
Some assets pass by virtue of the manner in which title to the assets is held.
Some assets pass outside of the probate estate.
Some assets qualify for special treatment.
An asshole is an anus
Assholes are all over the world, but they have documented proof of some in Alaska.
Assholes are clean.
Assholes are part of humans.
Assholes are still assholes.
Assholes are their own punishment.
Assholes are who they are.
Any asshole can go to Mexico.
Any asshole can trace.
Most assholes are persistent.
Some assholes are still assholes.
Some assholes use too much weight.
Assiduity is an industry
Assiduity makes all things easy. .
Assiduous planning is key to a smoothly functioning program.
Assign atom attributes.
Assign book reports on colonial America.
Assign button sounds, text.
Assign children appropriate chores and tasks.
Assign class accounts to registered students.
Assign code aliases in order to use numeric or alphanumeric codes.
Assign conversion calendars.
Assign custom hotkeys.
Assign item cards a default sales type.
Assign lineups verses RHPs and LHPs.
Assign oxidation states in the starting material and in the product.
Assign presentation roles early and practice often .
Assign research reports on the countries.
Assign security accounts to fixed roles.
Assign stress exercises.
Assign students login and passwords.
Assign students login names and passwords.
Assign subject headings only as appropriate for individual literary works.
Assign unit reps to complete survey forms.
Assign volunteers read their responses and lead the discussion into the day's lesson.
Assignable axes permit any orientation of the manipulator.
Assignable keys are now programmable.
Assignable space includes laboratories, lecture theatres, seminar rooms and offices.
An assignee is a party
Assignee hereby accepts such assignment.
Assignee makes no representations, express or implied, regarding same.
Assignees are either assignees in fact or assignees in law.
Assignees are part of patents.
Assignees are parties.
Assignees are responsible for updating their respective manuals.
Assignees can accept a task, reject it, or forward it to someone else, under controls.
Assignees continue under applicable leave provisions of the home institution.
Assignment detail is provided for each week.
Assignment editors are busy people.
Assignment editors are the ones who decide which events to cover and whom to assign as reporters.
Assignment editors read and EDIT the reporters' finished stories.
Assignment editors send reporters and photographers on stories.
Assignment form is here .
Assignment information is required to be posted on all of the sites.
Assignment notification is a commander's role.
Assignment packet contains complete assignment instructions.
Assignment paperwork is in process.
Assignment photography is more imaginative and creative, buying stock is more passive.
Assignment photography is priced on a per-project basis.
Assignment preference is given to families composed of married students or single parents.
Assignment priority is based on application date.
Assignment priority is based on the application date.
Assignment priority is based upon contract and security deposit receipt dates.
Assignment priority is determined according to the date the application and deposit are received.
Assignment questions are in the handout and on the web.
Assignment statements permit new variable definitions.
Assignment submission is on-line.
Assignment suppression provides a way to describe an input field to be skipped.
An assignment is a duty
Assignment abroad can, however, occur much earlier depending upon needs of the service.
Assignment amounts, in a sense, to reorganization of an enterprise.
Assignment are due on the dates specified in each assignment.
Assignment are now available online.
Assignment are to be made by lot.
Assignment bring in a still add from a magazine.
Assignment can result in data loss.
Assignment changes an existing object while construction creates a new object.
Assignment changes the value of the object that has already been constructed.
Assignment commands with array references.
Assignment consists of an entire teaching day in the school for one quarter.
Assignment consists of one-half time teaching for half a semester or equivalent.
Assignment covers text pp.
Assignment dates for oral presentations and tests, including the final examination.
Assignment Do a review of the capabilities of several search engines to find information.
Assignment Do each step of the problem below.
Assignment Do the experiment report.
Assignment evaluates to the variable name.
Assignment forms an important part in syllabus and carry maximum marks in all courses.
Assignment generates the output image from the pruned tree.
Assignment includes deciding specification and architecture, programming and testing.
Assignment includes few requirements, and contains major errors or omissions.
Assignment includes most requirements but contains minor errors or omissions.
Assignment includes some requirements but contains major errors or omissions.
Assignment involves developing a business idea and researching to determine whether it is viable.
Assignment is a clause in which second token is the equal sign.
Assignment is a consumer choice issue.
Assignment is a review of the literature relating to student motivation and classroom control.
Assignment is accepted.
Assignment is all that is needed, theoretically, to account for the behavior of mutable data.
Assignment is also the process of matching financial and material resources to identified needs.
Assignment is available for such an access type as for any access type.
Assignment is based on approval by the language director.
Assignment is based on judicial findings.
Assignment is based on legal home address, grade, available program choices and capacity.
Assignment is based on space availability.
Assignment is based on the student preferences and availability.
Assignment is completed on time.
Assignment is contingent upon availability of boat slip.
Assignment is contingent upon final acceptance for admission and receipt of a deposit.
Assignment is contingent upon number of applications received and space available.
Assignment is dependent upon availability of suitable placement.
Assignment is determined by the date of application, within the priority groups.
Assignment is determined by zone, seat availability, proximity to school and sibling preference.
Assignment is due in class at the beginning of the period.
Assignment is due on the day of the final exam.
Assignment is due the class meeting following the day when it was assigned.
Assignment is due the first week of the school year.
Assignment is easy to read.
Assignment is either direct or simple, or indirect by reason of office or of studies.
Assignment is essentially random.
Assignment is executive tryout.
Assignment is for one semester.
Assignment is for years, subject to review for further assignment.
Assignment is forbidden.
Assignment is free of errors in word choice.
Assignment is free of spelling errors.
Assignment is full-time in Aberdeen.
Assignment is handed in on time.
Assignment is in on time.
Assignment is limited to non-major cases.
Assignment is limited to one day at a time, with extensions possible.
Assignment is link with individual authorisations given to operators.
Assignment is made based on application .
Assignment is made based strictly on numbers given in the grading scale.
Assignment is made without regard to race, creed or national origin.
Assignment is made without regard to race, creed, or national origin.
Assignment is marked by originality of ideas.
Assignment is object assignment.
Assignment is on a first come first serve basis.
Assignment is on a first come, first serve, basis.
Assignment is on a remote island in the Pacific Ocean.
Assignment is on a rotating basis.
Assignment is on a space available basis, with priority given to regularly registered students.
Assignment is partially completed, shows only partial attention to learning materials.
Assignment is performed via copying.
Assignment is random, usually with equal numbers of patients assigned to each dose.
Assignment is required for all claims.
Assignment is responsive to student interests, but is done by the instructor.
Assignment is sent and returned via e-mail.
Assignment is special.
Assignment is synonymous with referral and denotes to the acceptance of an adoptive placement.
Assignment is the clearest way to alter shared data.
Assignment is the last component.
Assignment is the left arrow.
Assignment is the operation that replaces the current value of a variable by a new value.
Assignment is the permanent transfer of intellectual property rights to another party.
Assignment is the process of associating a value with a data item.
Assignment is to area health care facilities and to the program health information laboratory.
Assignment is to area health care facilities and to the program medical record laboratory.
Assignment is to arrange vocabulary words alphabetically.
Assignment is to be typed.
Assignment is to build a message passing system on top of semaphores and shared memory.
Assignment is to coordinate volunteers for school recruitment visits and follow-up phone contacts.
Assignment is to work with a partner to review, evaluate, report on an information systems product.
Assignment is typed and arranged logically on the page.
Assignment is typed or printed and arranged readably on the page.
Assignment is written on the line just below the date.
Assignment isa duty.
Assignment lacks structure, adequate documentation, or strong argumentation.
Assignment lacks structure, adequate documentation.
Assignment makes correct use of punctuation.
Assignment makes no sense in a read only class.
Assignment means . . .
Assignment meets objectives, but needs improvement.
Assignment meets or exceeds all stated objectives.
Assignment occurs last.
Assignment performs a .
Assignment prints worksheets of arithmetic problems for homework away from the computer.
Assignment Promote the use of technology among association members.
Assignment provides a way to change the object to which the pointer refers.
Assignment provides information about the poster session assignment.
Assignment records open to public inspection.
Assignment requires discussion of contextual issues.
Assignment requires good communication skills, accuracy and an ability to take responsibility.
Assignment says label the parts of a plant cell.
Assignment starts ASAP and lasts two months.
Assignment Tell each group to bring a toy car for the next activity.
Assignment Tell the pupils to bring a picture or drawing of their pet or favourite animal.
Assignment Think about topic for term project.
Assignments account for a large percentage of the grade.
Assignments account for the largest percentage of the grade.
Assignments add to associate satisfaction.
Assignments address common portfolio requirements, such as still life and a self portrait.
Assignments address particular skill areas as they are studied.
Assignments address real situations.
Assignments aim at improving research skills to enrich writing.
Assignments aim to develop critical thinking skills and creative expression.
Assignments allow for customization of the appearance of the form by inserting HTML codes.
Assignments allow students opportunities for choice.
Assignments allow students to apply information that is presented within the course content.
Assignments Allows the instructor to distribute course assignments to students.
Assignments also focus on the selection of subject, setting, and narrative techniques.
Assignments also involve interpretation of regulations and procedures.
Assignments also involve interpretation of various regulations and procedures.
Assignments also provide for career development of trainees.
Assignments also provide the opportunity to practice and sharpen research skills.
Assignments also require the progressive refinement of technical skills.
Assignments also take the form of cross-curricular activities and special events.
Assignments appear below the names.
Assignments appear in a single view accompanied by priorities, special instructions, and comments.
Assignments appear in the newsletter and on our website.
Assignments appear within one calendar week of their due date.
Assignments are a challenge, yet helpful.
Assignments are a combination of homework and programs.
Assignments are a literature review and source analysis.
Assignments are a minimum of one session and a maximum of two sessions.
Assignments are a minimum of two hours.
Assignments are above.
Assignments are according to the geographic preferences and the interest of volunteers.
Assignments are accumulative.
Assignments are all due on or by the stated due dates.
Assignments are also standard in all sections.
Assignments are always due at the beginning of class based on the day shown on the syllabus.
Assignments are always due at the beginning of class on the due date.
Assignments are always due at the beginning of the class period.
Assignments are always due one week from the day they are assigned unless otherwise noticed.
Assignments are always subject to change.
Assignments are an important method of facilitating the learning process.
Assignments are an important part of the learning process.
Assignments are an integral component of distance education.
Assignments are an integral part of the course.
Assignments are appropriate .
Assignments are at the discretion of the District.
Assignments are at the student's instructional level.
Assignments are available during all school hours, as well as after school hours.
Assignments are available for individual articles and for entire issues of a newsletter.
Assignments are available for the beginning writer.
Assignments are available in both .pdf and .html formats.
Assignments are available in nearly all branches and with units across the world.
Assignments are available in nearly all branches and with units around the world.
Assignments are available in nearly all branches and with units worldwide.
Assignments are available in operations departments throughout the hotel.
Assignments are available on a time delay.
Assignments are available on short and long-term bases.
Assignments are available throughout Montgomery County.
Assignments are available throughout the U.S., in urban and rural areas, and in all program areas.
Assignments are available.
Assignments are based on the date contracts and deposit is received.
Assignments are be made on a first come, first serve basis.
Assignments are both oral and written reports.
Assignments are both teacher and student generated.
Assignments are both traditional and nontraditional within historical perspectives.
Assignments are broad and complex in nature.
Assignments are broad in nature.
Assignments are causal analyses, position papers, evaluations, and proposals.
Assignments are clear, appropriate, and challenging.
Assignments are clear.
Assignments are combinations of theoretical designs and actual implementations.
Assignments are commensurate with academic level and field of study of the student.
Assignments are communal, students mark their own work and write novels instead of theses.
Assignments are compulsory and failure to submit one is the same as failing the course.
Assignments are compulsory.
Assignments are contingent upon sufficient enrollment.
Assignments are contingent upon the student being eligible for academic admission.
Assignments are contracts.
Assignments are creative but directed.
Assignments are currently available in Louisville as well as in Southern Indiana.
Assignments are custom tailored to each student's current skill level.
Assignments are daily.
Assignments are detailed on a separate sheet.
Assignments are different for each sub-menu.
Assignments are difficult to turn in on time when they are never received.
Assignments are distribution.
Assignments are done on a first come, first serve basis.
Assignments are due a week after they are assigned at the beginning of the class.
Assignments are due a week from the date of assignment.
Assignments are due according to the schedule above.
Assignments are due according to the schedule attached.
Assignments are due and midterms are fast approaching.
Assignments are due anytime during the week in which they are assigned.
Assignments are due approximately one week after they are assigned.
Assignments are due as announced in class.
Assignments are due as announced or noted in the syllabus.
Assignments are due as assigned during class.
Assignments are due as indicated by the instructor.
Assignments are due as indicated on the schedule.
Assignments are due as indicated.
Assignments are due as noted on the syllabus.
Assignments are due as noted.
Assignments are due as outlined below.
Assignments are due as scheduled.
Assignments are due as shown on the syllabus.
Assignments are due as specified in each assignment.
Assignments are due as specified in the schedule.
Assignments are due at class meetings .
Assignments are due at class time on the date listed on the class schedule.
Assignments are due at class time on the dates listed below.
Assignments are due at class time on the due date announced in class.
Assignments are due at class time on the specified date.
Assignments are due at class time.
Assignments are due at classtime .
Assignments are due at midnight of the due date.
Assignments are due at or before the beginning of class on the date specified.
Assignments are due at specific times.
Assignments are due at the begining of class on the day they are due.
Assignments are due at the begining of the class on the posted due dates.
Assignments are due at the beginning of a class period.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class .
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on due dates.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the announced date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the announced due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the assigned date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the assigned dates.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the assigned day.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the assigned due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the assigned due dates.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date announced.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date assigned on the syllabus.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date assigned.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date determined by the instructor.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date due unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date indicated in the syllabus.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date indicated.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date listed on the course syllabus.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date shown.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date specified in the course schedule.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date specified.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date stated.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date they are due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the dates given below.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the dates indicated in the class assignment sheet.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the dates indicated on the assignment handouts.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the dates indicated.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the dates specified.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day for which they are assigned.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day indicated.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day specified for each assignment.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day stated on the assignment.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day that they are due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day they are due, unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day they are due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day under which they appear.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the due dates given in the Class Schedule.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the given due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the indicated date, unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the specified date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on the specified due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class on their due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class the following session unless otherwise stated.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class unless other directions are given.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class, before lecture begins.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class, or by the deadline indicated on the assignment.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class, unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are due at the beginning of class.
Assignments are due at the beginning of each class.
Assignments are due at the beginning of lab class one week after the lab unless otherwise specified.
Assignments are due at the beginning of lab.
Assignments are due at the beginning of lecture on the date specified.
Assignments are due at the beginning of lecture on the indicated date .
Assignments are due at the beginning of lecture on the indicated date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of lecture on the specified day.
Assignments are due at the beginning of scheduled class time.
Assignments are due at the beginning of section.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class after being announced.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class announced by the instructor.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class date listed in the course calendar.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class meeting for the date the assignment is due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class meeting on the due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class of their assigned due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the assigned date unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the days indicated above.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the deadline date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period .
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period following their listing in the syllabus.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period for which they are assigned.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period for which they are made.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period in which they are due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the assigned due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the date due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the day assigned for completion.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the due day.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period specified.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period the day indicated.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period unless otherwise listed.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period when listed.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period, unless otherwise announced.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class period.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class session as listed.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class session listed on the syllabus.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class session on the assigned due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class session on the date they are due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class session on the stated date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class session.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class, after that they are considered late.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class, unless otherwise explained.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class, unless otherwise specified.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the class.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the designated class period.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the first class of the week.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the following laboratory.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the following week's lab session.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the lab period.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the lecture on the day they are due.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the lecture period.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the next class meeting .
Assignments are due at the beginning of the next class meeting.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the next class.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the next lab period.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the next lab.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the next scheduled class.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the period of the date collected.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the period on the due date.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the relevant class.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the required class period.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the scheduled class period.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the section in which they are to be discussed.
Assignments are due at the beginning of the tutorial on the day they are due.
Assignments are due at the beginning the class period on the due date.
Assignments are due at the designated deadline.
Assignments are due at the end of class on the date assigned when the work is distributed.
Assignments are due at the end of class on the date assigned.
Assignments are due at the end of class.
Assignments are due at the end of each lab period unless otherwise specified.
Assignments are due at the end of that class.
Assignments are due at the end of the first period class on the day they are due.
Assignments are due at the first of the specified class period.
Assignments are due at the hour and date specified.
Assignments are due at the next class.
Assignments are due at the same time as the last lab report.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the announced due dates.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the assigned date unless otherwise indicated.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the date listed in the schedule .
Assignments are due at the start of class on the date listed in the schedule.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the dates given below.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the day specified.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the day the assignment is due.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the due date unless notice is given to the contrary.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the due date.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the set due date.
Assignments are due at the start of class on the specified due date.
Assignments are due at the start of class on their due date.
Assignments are due at the start of class.
Assignments are due at the start of each class.
Assignments are due at the start of lab period.
Assignments are due at the start of the class period.
Assignments are due at the start of the class session on the due date.
Assignments are due at the start of the first class for the week for which they are assigned.
Assignments are due at the start of the next class period.
Assignments are due at the time stated on the assignment.
Assignments are due back the following morning after they are assigned.
Assignments are due by a specified date and time.
Assignments are due by midnight of the due date.
Assignments are due by midnight of the indicated due date.
Assignments are due by midnight on dates designated in the Due Dates page on the web site.
Assignments are due by midnight on the date shown on the calendar.
Assignments are due by midnight on the due date.
Assignments are due by midnight prior to the meeting.
Assignments are due by noon on the due date.
Assignments are due by noon on the specified due date.
Assignments are due by the beginning of class time on the day listed.
Assignments are due by the beginning of class.
Assignments are due by the class date for which they are assigned, at the beginning of class.
Assignments are due by the date and time specified in the schedule or as announced in class.
Assignments are due by the date and time specified in the schedule.
Assignments are due by the day and time specified in the assignment description.
Assignments are due by the end of class on the date due.
Assignments are due by the end of the class period unless otherwise indicated.
Assignments are due by the end of the class period.
Assignments are due by the end of the class session.
Assignments are due by the end of the day on the assigned date as shown on the schedule .
Assignments are due by the end of the following class period unless otherwise indicated.
Assignments are due by the end of the week indicated.
Assignments are due by the next class meeting, unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are due by the start of class on the assigned day.
Assignments are due by the start of class on the assignment due date.
Assignments are due by the start of class on the due date.
Assignments are due by the start of class on the given due date.
Assignments are due during class on the due date.
Assignments are due during class on the scheduled day of completion.
Assignments are due during period the indicated.
Assignments are due during the class period for the indicated date.
Assignments are due during the class period.
Assignments are due during the designated class period.
Assignments are due during the lecture or lab period on the due date.
Assignments are due during the weeks as indicated in each course's guide.
Assignments are due either in class or by noon the following day in the instructor's mailbox.
Assignments are due every to every other week.
Assignments are due five minutes after class begins.
Assignments are due for class on the dates indicated on the syllabus.
Assignments are due for class on the day indicated on the syllabus.
Assignments are due in at the time of the test.
Assignments are due in class and at the beginning of the period.
Assignments are due in class before the beginning of the period on the day announced.
Assignments are due in class each week.
Assignments are due in class on dates indicated.
Assignments are due in class on the date and time indicated.
Assignments are due in class on the date due.
Assignments are due in class on the date indicated in the following course outline.
Assignments are due in class on the date indicated.
Assignments are due in class on the date specified.
Assignments are due in class on the dates given below.
Assignments are due in class on the dates noted in the syllabus above.
Assignments are due in class on the day assigned.
Assignments are due in class on the day listed above.
Assignments are due in class on the day specified in the course outline.
Assignments are due in class on the day they are listed.
Assignments are due in class on the days assigned.
Assignments are due in class on the due date.
Assignments are due in class on the given date.
Assignments are due in class on the relevant day.
Assignments are due in class on the specified date.
Assignments are due in class on the specified day.
Assignments are due in class one week after they are given.
Assignments are due in class unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are due in class, at the beginning of class.
Assignments are due in class.
Assignments are due in one week unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are due in one week.
Assignments are due in section.
Assignments are due in sections the following week.
Assignments are due in the first class period following the last lecture on the chapter.
Assignments are due in the first ten minutes of the relevant meeting.
Assignments are due in the lab on the stated due date.
Assignments are due in the week in which they are listed .
Assignments are due in-class on the day indicated by the syllabus or the instructor.
Assignments are due most weeks.
Assignments are due no later than the assigned date and time.
Assignments are due no later than the beginning of class.
Assignments are due no later than the beginning of the next class period.
Assignments are due no later than the date published below.
Assignments are due no later than the deadline listed.
Assignments are due no later than when lab begins on the date due, except with a very good reason.
Assignments are due on date established by instructor.
Assignments are due on dates listed.
Assignments are due on dates noted by the instructor.
Assignments are due on dates scheduled during the week of instruction.
Assignments are due on dates specified at the beginning of the class period.
Assignments are due on designated dates.
Assignments are due on due date.
Assignments are due on Fridays.
Assignments are due on or before due date.
Assignments are due on or before the date listed in the syllabus.
Assignments are due on or before the date scheduled.
Assignments are due on or before the date specified.
Assignments are due on or before the deadline given by the instructor.
Assignments are due on or before the start of a class period or as indicated in class.
Assignments are due on or before the start of class on the due date.
Assignments are due on schedule.
Assignments are due on specified date.
Assignments are due on the announced date.
Assignments are due on the appropriate day at the start of class.
Assignments are due on the assigned date.
Assignments are due on the assigned dates.
Assignments are due on the assigned due dates.
Assignments are due on the class day they have been assigned for.
Assignments are due on the d ates specified unless an extension has been granted in advance.
Assignments are due on the date and time indicated on each assignment.
Assignments are due on the date and time when the instructor informs the students.
Assignments are due on the date announced at the time assignments are made.
Assignments are due on the date assigned by the instructor.
Assignments are due on the date assigned.
Assignments are due on the date by which listed.
Assignments are due on the date given with the assignment.
Assignments are due on the date given.
Assignments are due on the date indicated on the schedule unless otherwise noted by the instructor.
Assignments are due on the date indicated on the syllabus unless otherwise specified.
Assignments are due on the date indicated on the syllabus.
Assignments are due on the date indicated or announced.
Assignments are due on the date indicated.
Assignments are due on the date listed in the syllabus .
Assignments are due on the date listed in the syllabus.
Assignments are due on the date listed on the schedule.
Assignments are due on the date listed unless otherwise indicated by the instructor.
Assignments are due on the date listed.
Assignments are due on the date noted at the time assignments are made.
Assignments are due on the date noted.
Assignments are due on the date posted by the end of the class period.
Assignments are due on the date posted in the assignment calendar.
Assignments are due on the date requested.
Assignments are due on the date specified by the instructor.
Assignments are due on the date specified by the professor.
Assignments are due on the date specified in the class schedule.
Assignments are due on the date specified in the course schedule.
Assignments are due on the date specified in the Schedule.
Assignments are due on the date specified in the syllabus or by the instructor.
Assignments are due on the date specified.
Assignments are due on the date stated .
Assignments are due on the date stated on the syllabus.
Assignments are due on the date stated.
Assignments are due on the date they are described.
Assignments are due on the date they are listed in the schedule.
Assignments are due on the date they are listed on the schedule.
Assignments are due on the dates assigned at preceptorial time.
Assignments are due on the dates assigned by the instructor.
Assignments are due on the dates assigned.
Assignments are due on the dates in the schedule, unless otherwise announced.
Assignments are due on the dates indicated above.
Assignments are due on the dates indicated in the course calendar.
Assignments are due on the dates indicated in the course schedule.
Assignments are due on the dates indicated on the class schedule outlined below.
Assignments are due on the dates indicated unless otherwise noted by the instructor.
Assignments are due on the dates indicated.
Assignments are due on the dates listed below.
Assignments are due on the dates listed in the tentative schedule.
Assignments are due on the dates listed.
Assignments are due on the dates noted below.
Assignments are due on the dates noted in the syllabus.
Assignments are due on the dates printed in the outline.
Assignments are due on the dates scheduled without exception.
Assignments are due on the dates shown.
Assignments are due on the dates specified at the beginning of the class period.
Assignments are due on the dates specified unless an extension has been granted in advance.
Assignments are due on the dates specified.
Assignments are due on the day and time noted on the assignment handout and class web site.
Assignments are due on the day assigned.
Assignments are due on the day indicated on the syllabus.
Assignments are due on the day listed .
Assignments are due on the day of critique for that assignment.
Assignments are due on the day of the quiz or test.
Assignments are due on the day one week from the day assigned.
Assignments are due on the day specified.
Assignments are due on the day they are listed.
Assignments are due on the days assigned.
Assignments are due on the days beside the calendar date.
Assignments are due on the days indicated in the course schedule.
Assignments are due on the days noted above.
Assignments are due on the due date given on the schedule or announced in class.
Assignments are due on the due dates at the beginning of class.
Assignments are due on the first week of each course.
Assignments are due on the last day of the week specified in the schedule.
Assignments are due on the specified dates.
Assignments are due on the stated date.
Assignments are due on the submission dates stated above.
Assignments are due on their due date.
Assignments are due on time and are to be typed, double spaced with appropriate margins.
Assignments are due on time on the date indicated in the syllabus.
Assignments are due on time, and there is a late penalty as described above.
Assignments are due on time, without exception.
Assignments are due on time.
Assignments are due one hour before the next lecture meeting.
Assignments are due one week after the completed lab, at the beginning class.
Assignments are due one week after the date assigned.
Assignments are due one week after the distribution date.
Assignments are due one week after they are distributed.
Assignments are due one week following the assignment.
Assignments are due one week from the day they are given out.
Assignments are due per the syllabus.
Assignments are due precisely at the scheduled class starting time.
Assignments are due prior to the beginning of the class period.
Assignments are due promptly at the beginning of class.
Assignments are due the date after they appear on the course schedule.
Assignments are due the day after they are given.
Assignments are due the day they are listed.
Assignments are due the first class meeting during the week shown on the course schedule .
Assignments are due the first class meeting of the next week.
Assignments are due the first day of class in the week in which they are listed.
Assignments are due the following class period.
Assignments are due the last week of the fall quarter.
Assignments are due the next day unless otherwise indicated.
Assignments are due the same day unless otherwise stated at the time of the assignment.
Assignments are due the week after they are assigned.
Assignments are due the week for which they are assigned.
Assignments are due throughout the semester.
Assignments are due throughout the term and weekly class participation is required.
Assignments are due two weeks after the topic has been covered in class.
Assignments are due two weeks apart.
Assignments are due usually one week after the distribution date.
Assignments are due via e-mail prior to the beginning of the class period.
Assignments are due weekly.
Assignments are due when assignments are due.
Assignments are due when class starts.
Assignments are due when collected in class, or by the time specified if submitted electronically.
Assignments are due when designated and at the beginning of the class period.
Assignments are due when indicated.
Assignments are due when requested.
Assignments are due when scheduled.
Assignments are due when specified by the instructor.
Assignments are due when stated on the syllabus.
Assignments are due when stated.
Assignments are due when they are due.
Assignments are due within the first fifteen minutes of the class period.
Assignments are due.
Assignments are duties.
Assignments are each due at a specific time on the assigned date.
Assignments are either individual written papers or group presentations.
Assignments are e-mailed to the instructor and returned with comments and a grade.
Assignments are e-mailed.
Assignments are entirely on-line.
Assignments are evaluations, summaries, critiques, and analyses.
Assignments are fewer and more demanding.
Assignments are flexible, and are given corresponding to material relevant to the current chapter.
Assignments are for a period of one year.
Assignments are for one academic year.
Assignments are for one month and housing is provided.
Assignments are for one month and room and board are provided.
Assignments are for one year, with the possibility for renewal.
Assignments are for one year.
Assignments are for one-year terms, and meeting times vary.
Assignments are for the next class period.
Assignments are for the purpose of reviewing and applying the topics covered in class and readings.
Assignments are for the week.
Assignments are for two years.
Assignments are four weeks in length, although longer rotations are possible if appropriate.
Assignments are frequently in small groups.
Assignments are from the text.
Assignments are full-time with a salary paid by the employers.
Assignments are general in nature and afford considerable opportunity for independent judgment.
Assignments are general in nature and afford wide opportunity for program development.
Assignments are generally due at the next class meeting.
Assignments are generally due one week after they are assigned unless otherwise specified.
Assignments are generally due one week from the day that they are assigned.
Assignments are generally free of errors in spelling, grammar, and punctuation.
Assignments are generally more detailed.
Assignments are generally on a short-term basis and are performed under close supervision.
Assignments are generally one year in duration.
Assignments are generally routine or closely related within a framework of established procedures.
Assignments are generally six weeks or more in duration and can continue for as long as one year.
Assignments are graded and faxed back to the students.
Assignments are here .
Assignments are here.
Assignments are identical for undergraduate and graduate students.
Assignments are important in several types of contracts.
Assignments are in addition to the reading assignments for various classes.
Assignments are in parentheses.
Assignments are in reverse chronological order, from the most recent back.
Assignments are in rotating order.
Assignments are in the assignment folder for the week.
Assignments are in the syllabus.
Assignments are independent of computer operating system specifics.
Assignments are independent work and require planning.
Assignments are individual and collaborative.
Assignments are individual as group in design.
Assignments are individual efforts outside of class.
Assignments are individual or in groups, as specified.
Assignments are individual products.
Assignments are individual work unless otherwise specified.
Assignments are individualized according to students interests and needs.
Assignments are individualized according to students' interests and needs.
Assignments are individualized and based on the student's needs, interests, and abilities.
Assignments are individualized.
Assignments are interactive and promote indepth learning.
Assignments are interesting, but often time consuming.
Assignments are largely computer-oriented.
Assignments are late if turned in after classtime .
Assignments are late if turned in after classtime.
Assignments are legal documents.
Assignments are less structured without specific outlines.
Assignments are light, enabling most students to work part-time in their chosen field.
Assignments are limited to projects where work to be done is easily identified by employee.
Assignments are local, national and international in scope.
Assignments are located in desks.
Assignments are located in work.
Assignments are made based on the date of application, so apply as easly as possible .
Assignments are made on a first come, first serve basis.
Assignments are made, people move briskly back and forth following the rhythms of demand.
Assignments are mandatory .
Assignments are meaningful and clearly explained to students.
Assignments are more interesting.
Assignments are more oriented to decision support than research per se.
Assignments are more varied and more complex in character with extensive individual responsibility.
Assignments are necessarily of equal weight.
Assignments are negotiable depending on experience and qualifications.
Assignments are normally due one week after being assigned.
Assignments are normally for a two-year period.
Assignments are numerical in nature and focus on engineering and science applications.
Assignments are of definite instructional value.
Assignments are of maximum benefit when completed on time.
Assignments are of moderate scope and complexity with defined goals and expectations.
Assignments are of substantial size and logical complexity.
Assignments are of two types.
Assignments are often case study based or based on students' own organisation or work experiences.
Assignments are on a weekly basis.
Assignments are on the class web page along with video recordings of past class sessions.
Assignments are on the Syllabus , currently in draft form.
Assignments are on the web.
Assignments are only graded once.
Assignments are only worth points if they are on time or within five days of the weekly due dates.
Assignments are open book and can be printed and studied to prepare for the final exam.
Assignments are open-ended, and participants work both individually and in groups.
Assignments are part of the requirements of a course.
Assignments are particularly likely in night classes.
Assignments are parts of broader scope projects.
Assignments are pertinent and helpful in learning subject.
Assignments are pertinent to topics presented in class.
Assignments are policy memoranda based on practical application of planning methods.
Assignments are practical exercises.
Assignments are pragmatic, emphasizing the application of theory and skills to real situations.
Assignments are prepared for students absent for two or more days.
Assignments are presented on a Web Site and correspondence is done via e-mail.
Assignments are primarily creative.
Assignments are primarily in Finland and Sweden.
Assignments are primarily in the college of business.
Assignments are project based and support real business ventures.
Assignments are project-based, allowing students to develop individual design approaches.
Assignments are project-oriented relating to mechanical engineering topics.
Assignments are public unless specifically requested otherwise.
Assignments are question or problem driven rather than requests for information on a topic.
Assignments are related, wherever possible, to professional practice.
Assignments are relevant to both elementary and secondary school counseling.
Assignments are routine in nature and are evaluated based upon results.
Assignments are sensitively and thoroughly marked with helpful suggestions for improvement.
Assignments are specific and limited in nature.
Assignments are specific in nature and require use of some independent judgment.
Assignments are still fresh in mind and last minute panic rushes are avoided.
Assignments are subject to available space.
Assignments are subject to change at the instructor's discretion.
Assignments are subject to change based on the final number of students who enroll in the course.
Assignments are subject to change by vendors with no revision control.
Assignments are subject to change until due dates are set.
Assignments are subject to change.
Assignments are subject to modifications made daily.
Assignments are subject to orders of the appropriate service secretary.
Assignments are subject to revision at any time.
Assignments are technical and visual in nature.
Assignments are the exception.
Assignments are the most complex multicolor stripping.
Assignments are the students responsibility.
Assignments are three months long in the third year.
Assignments are throughout the state of Oklahoma.
Assignments are thus frequent, but of moderate length.
Assignments are to answer questions about the material that is read in class.
Assignments are to be completed and submitted to the instructor following the posted schedule.
Assignments are to be completed and turned in by due dates.
Assignments are to be completed and turned in during class on the due date.
Assignments are to be completed and turned in on due dates.
Assignments are to be completed as indicated by the instructor.
Assignments are to be completed as scheduled.
Assignments are to be completed at the beginning of the class period on the due date.
Assignments are to be completed before attending class.
Assignments are to be completed by the beginning of the class period at which they are due.
Assignments are to be completed by the date assigned.
Assignments are to be completed by the enrolled student only.
Assignments are to be completed by the individual student.
Assignments are to be completed correctly at the time of submission.
Assignments are to be completed for day listed.
Assignments are to be completed for the day assigned.
Assignments are to be completed in class.
Assignments are to be completed in preparation for the subsequent week's seminar.
Assignments are to be completed neatly and are due on the date specified.
Assignments are to be completed on schedule and without arguments.
Assignments are to be completed on schedule in order to earn full credit.
Assignments are to be completed on time.
Assignments are to be completed outside of class hours.
Assignments are to be completed prior to the scheduled class.
Assignments are to be completed prior to the start of class.
Assignments are to be conducted independently, unless specified otherwise.
Assignments are to be demonstrated.
Assignments are to be done as they are assigned.
Assignments are to be done in teams of two students.
Assignments are to be done independently unless otherwise directed.
Assignments are to be done individually.
Assignments are to be done on an individual basis unless group interaction is specified.
Assignments are to be done or handed in on the day they are scheduled.
Assignments are to be emailed to the English teacher, or posted to the student's web site.
Assignments are to be free of grammar and spelling errors.
Assignments are to be handed in as indicated on the class schedule.
Assignments are to be handed in at the beginning of class on the day they are due.
Assignments are to be handed in at the beginning of the class period in which they are due.
Assignments are to be handed in at the end of the class period on the day that they are due.
Assignments are to be handed in at the first of class of the date assigned.
Assignments are to be handed in electronically unless students are otherwise directed.
Assignments are to be handed in on the day noted in the syllabus.
Assignments are to be handed in on the day they are due, at the beginning of class.
Assignments are to be handed in on the scheduled day.
Assignments are to be handed in on time, on the due date.
Assignments are to be handed in on time.
Assignments are to be handed in or emailed by the beginning of class on the day due.
Assignments are to be handed in or submitted by e-mail by the date they are due.
Assignments are to be handed in to designated boxes at the rear of the lecture hall.
Assignments are to be handed in to the designated boxes at the rear of the lecture hall.
Assignments are to be handed into the instructor drawer.
Assignments are to be handed into the instructor.
Assignments are to be in an acceptable form and turned in on time.
Assignments are to be individual efforts.
Assignments are to be neat and professional in appearance.
Assignments are to be neat, complete, accurate, and on time.
Assignments are to be neatly done on lined paper.
Assignments are to be of professional quality.
Assignments are to be placed in the grading briefcase.
Assignments are to be postmarked by the due date if mailed.
Assignments are to be prepared by each individual student.
Assignments are to be prepared individually unless instructed otherwise.
Assignments are to be prepared on the computer and handed it on the deadline.
Assignments are to be prepared outside of class and be ready at the beginning of each period.
Assignments are to be presented in a professional form.
Assignments are to be read before the beginning of class on the date the readings appear.
Assignments are to be read by the date listed.
Assignments are to be read prior to the class session where they appear.
Assignments are to be stapled in the upper left hand corner.
Assignments are to be submitted at the beginning of class time on the scheduled due date.
Assignments are to be submitted at the beginning of class.
Assignments are to be submitted by the beginning of the class at which they are due.
Assignments are to be submitted by the specified due date .
Assignments are to be submitted by the specified due date.
Assignments are to be submitted electronically on or before the due date and time.
Assignments are to be submitted in singles .
Assignments are to be submitted on or before the due date.
Assignments are to be submitted on the day they are due.
Assignments are to be submitted on time.
Assignments are to be submitted via e-mail.
Assignments are to be submitted when indicated, unless excused by the instructor.
Assignments are to be turned in at class on the assigned due date.
Assignments are to be turned in at class on the due day.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning o f the class in the class homework folder.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of class on the date agreed upon.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of class on the date assigned.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of class on the date due.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of class on the day they are due.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of class on the due date .
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of class on the due date.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of the class in the class homework folder.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of the lab period they are due.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of the lecture period on the day that they are due.
Assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of the period.
Assignments are to be turned in during class on the day they are due.
Assignments are to be turned in during class on the specified due date.
Assignments are to be turned in for each class.
Assignments are to be turned in on a timely basis.
Assignments are to be turned in on the day indicated.
Assignments are to be turned in on the day of the exam which covers the material assigned.
Assignments are to be turned in on the due date, at the start of class.
Assignments are to be turned in on time and typed.
Assignments are to be turned in on time, typed or printed, and stapled.
Assignments are to be turned in on time.
Assignments are to be turned in via e-mail.
Assignments are to be turned in when due at the beginning of class.
Assignments are to be turnedin at class on the due day.
Assignments are to be typed and handed in at the designated dates.
Assignments are to be typed and turned in on time.
Assignments are to be typed or neatly handwritten unless specifically noted.
Assignments are to be typed.
Assignments are to be typewritten, unless otherwise noted.
Assignments are to be word processed.
Assignments are to be worked individually.
Assignments are to be written according to the outline in syllabus.
Assignments are to be written down each day.
Assignments are to be written in pen unless otherwise instructed .
Assignments are to be written on notebook paper.
Assignments are to be written on only one side per sheet of paper.
Assignments are to completed and handed in on time, barring serious, unforeseen circumstances.
Assignments are to have a professional appearance and quality.
Assignments are to projects and include directions regarding results to be accomplished.
Assignments are to survey projects by a land surveyor, engineer, or hydrologist.
Assignments are to the maps, charts and illustrations.
Assignments are typically due each week as is the case with traditional college courses.
Assignments are typically in the Milwaukee, Wisconsin facility.
Assignments are typically short analytical papers.
Assignments are useful in relationship to teaching.
Assignments are usually clear so everyone knows what to do.
Assignments are usually full-time for a specified duration.
Assignments are usually in the form of goals and time frames.
Assignments are usually in the secretarial, dining service or cleaning areas.
Assignments are usually of limited scope.
Assignments are usually on time.
Assignments are usually part of a larger engineering project.
Assignments are usually six months to one year in length.
Assignments are varied involving the regular use of judgment and discretion.
Assignments are varied.
Assignments are verbal and written.
Assignments are very short and are based on topics covered for the day.
Assignments are very short.
Assignments are visual and technical in nature.
Assignments are worldwide depending on rank and special skills.
Assignments ask students to draw on their own experience with popular culture.
Assignments assess the academic outcomes mentioned above.
Assignments assist students in developing listening, speaking and writing skills.
Assignments Associated with each week's lab is an assignment.
Assignments attempt to stimulate visual awareness and individual creativity.
Assignments Attend ALL class sessions.
Assignments average three weeks, ten hour days.
Assignments become either preparation activities or pass-offs.
Assignments become more challenging as a student's expertise grows.
Assignments become more idea-oriented.
Assignments become set statements.
Assignments begin at the start of the school year and are for one to two years.
Assignments begin the first day of class.
Assignments begin very early in the semester.
Assignments below are from the Jensen texts.
Assignments Below are the reading assignments for each session of the course.
Assignments below are up to date.
Assignments Below is the preliminary schedule of reading assignments.
Assignments build in complexity, chapter by chapter, as well as within chapters.
Assignments build on one another so it is important that they be done in a timely fashion.
Assignments build upon each other.
Assignments call for analysis, comparison, and interpretation of various readings.
Assignments can add language features, optimizations, and targets.
Assignments can be as advisors to senior tactical, operational and strategic commands.
Assignments can be as broad or specific as the teacher deems applicable to the student.
Assignments can be as little as a couple of hours during the weekend.
Assignments can be as short as one month or as long as two years.
Assignments can be at our downtown or East Portland hospital locations.
Assignments can be difficult.
Assignments can be either short or long term.
Assignments can be for only a day or two or can last longer.
Assignments can be for only a few days, weeks or as long as several months.
Assignments can be primary readings, or supplement a standard text.
Assignments can be short term or ongoing.
Assignments can be short, medium or long term.
Assignments can change as students' goals become more focused.
Assignments can change, new information is posted, etc.
Assignments can currently include multiple choice, short answer and essay type questions.
Assignments can have different levels of virtuality.
Assignments can include anything from commando raids to reconnaissance missions.
Assignments can include content-presentation by students.
Assignments can involve material handling equipment, rotating equipment, piping and vessels.
Assignments can last anywhere from a few weeks to several months.
Assignments can only be plain text - which means no graphics, no colours, no wordprocessing files.
Assignments can range from designing a science project to developing a personal career plan.
Assignments can range from one shift to a couple weeks.
Assignments can range from simple multiple-choice tests to forecasting exercises and simulations.
Assignments can store string values also.
Assignments can vary depending on the student's interests and academic coursework.
Assignments can vary in length from one day to six months, or even longer.
Assignments change daily .
Assignments change from semester to semester.
Assignments change to a different grade at the end of the first semester.
Assignments change to a different grade at the end of the semester.
Assignments Click on a title below to locate the page containing the description of the assignment.
Assignments Click on the date for the assignment.
Assignments combine historical monographs with original literary and media sources.
Assignments come from a required workbook as well as from computer-based programs.
Assignments come from companies directly and from many design firms.
Assignments come from the tutorials, where most of the interaction goes on.
Assignments concentrate on the basic study of the anatomical structure of the body.
Assignments consist in reading, oral exercises, and memorizing vocabulary.
Assignments consist of a variety of tasks that involve several related steps.
Assignments consist of clear-cut repetitive tasks.
Assignments consist of completing and demonstrating exercises as specified.
Assignments consist of completing the assigned.
Assignments consist of exercises drawn from the textbook.
Assignments consist of lab projects, lab placement, and an optional internship.
Assignments consist of planning classroom activities using technology.
Assignments consist of problems selected by the instructor.
Assignments consist of reading, oral exercises, and memorizing vocabulary.
Assignments consist of readings and listening to prepared cassettes.
Assignments consist of readings, two papers, and one examination.
Assignments consist of regular small projects.
Assignments consist of take-home examinations and a final term paper.
Assignments consist of working out case studies.
Assignments consist primarily of short essays and oral presentations.
Assignments contains assignments.
Assignments Contains the major writing assignments.
Assignments correspond to chapters in the textbook.
Assignments count for thirty points total.
Assignments cover basic hand building techniques of slab, coil and pinch.
Assignments cover both technical and aesthetic concern.
Assignments cover daily activities, daily assignments, and laboratory activities.
Assignments cover general news, interviews, speeches, meetings, and other fields of activity.
Assignments cover progressive skill levels from basic to refined interpretations of subject matter.
Assignments cover specific sections of the course.
Assignments cover the material presented in the Web-based class modules.
Assignments Create a separate Web page for the list of assignments.
Assignments deal with a variety of issues and involve various determinations.
Assignments deal with personal development.
Assignments demand a capacity for learning quickly and a willingness to work hard.
Assignments depend on availability of suitable internships.
Assignments depend on skills.
Assignments depend on student interests and the sponsor's convenience.
Assignments depend on the availability of suitable programs.
Assignments depend on the results of aptitude tests and which jobs are open.
Assignments depend upon student interests and the sponsor's convenience.
Assignments depend upon the interest of the student and convenience of the sponsor.
Assignments depend upon the interest of the student and convenience of the sponsors.
Assignments depend upon the interest of the student and the convenience of the sponsors.
Assignments Describes the graded assignments and due dates.
Assignments develop through thumbnails and roughs into finished art.
Assignments differ from agency to agency, but always involve a meaningful learning experience.
Assignments draw from examples in the astronomical literature.
Assignments drop one-third of a grade for every day late.
Assignments emphasize a vocabulary that is useful across many disciplines.
Assignments emphasize careful reading and analysis, and short written exercises.
Assignments emphasize composition and the creation of sequential slides and photographs.
Assignments emphasize information retrieval and organization.
Assignments emphasize narrative, persuasive, and analytical writing.
Assignments emphasize practical applications relevant to the students' major areas of study.
Assignments emphasize problem solving.
Assignments emphasize teamwork and group productivity.
Assignments emphasize using the computer as a computational, graphing and exploratory tool.
Assignments encompass such topics as designing magazine covers and restoring damaged images.
Assignments encourage analytical reading and writing.
Assignments encourage applying theoretical issues to students' own experiences or interpretations.
Assignments encourage experimental play in the studio, on location and in the darkroom.
Assignments encourage individual expression through movement.
Assignments expand in scope and complexity as employees gain experience in the work.
Assignments facilitate work performed by higher level cartographers within the organization.
Assignments fall by the wayside.
Assignments Fill out the introductory survey .
Assignments fluctuate, depending upon the nature of the project and deadlines.
Assignments focus on biomedical electronic circuits which have industrial applications.
Assignments focus on color techniques applicable to a wide range of drawing and painting media.
Assignments focus on composition and technical competency.
Assignments focus on design and implementation projects oriented towards small teams.
Assignments focus on effective writing and speaking.
Assignments focus on identity and unique features of salmon.
Assignments focus on message communication using typography, image, and layout.
Assignments focus on representative applications of the language.
Assignments focus on the development of skills for research and writing in Spanish.
Assignments focus on tile paintings and murals with an emphasis on content.
Assignments focus on written policy analyses of diverse natural resource issues.
Assignments generally require the services of one to four members of the staff.
Assignments given by the teachers for the most part have a date range rather than a due date.
Assignments Go here to find quarterly homework assignments, exams, and assignment solutions.
Assignments go to the four faculty members for comment and reaction.
Assignments grow in complexity and difficulty as the incumbent advances to the higher grade levels.
Assignments grow in complexity and difficulty at the higher grade levels.
Assignments grow in complexity and technical know-how the more a student progresses.
Assignments have both parts and steps .
Assignments have capital gains consequences.
Assignments have clear and specified objectives and require the investigation of several variables.
Assignments have due dates, at the beginning of each class .
Assignments have to be developed.
Assignments have to be typed, double-spaced, and stapled .
Assignments heighten intuitive thinking.
Assignments help students.
Assignments Identify six cues from watching other vehicles.
Assignments identify which elements are being assessed.
Assignments illustrate particular radical viewpoints.
Assignments include explanations.
Assignments Includes assignments for each week.
Assignments includes three short papers, midterm, and a final.
Assignments increase in complexity with grade level.
Assignments investigate a range of concepts, sources, and procedures.
Assignments involve both mathematical proofs and programming.
Assignments involve both written and oral reports.
Assignments involve computer diet formulation.
Assignments involve computer exercises using real social and physical environmental data.
Assignments involve computer programs.
Assignments involve critical analysis and synthesis of course materials.
Assignments involve designing, coding, debugging, and documenting computer programs.
Assignments involve extensive library research and oral and written reports.
Assignments involve extensive library research as well as oral and written reports.
Assignments involve hands-on experiences in the community as well as reading and written exercises.
Assignments involve inspection of new residential construction and alteration and repair work.
Assignments involve lab projects and homework.
Assignments involve limited use of discretion, judgment, and innovation.
Assignments involve listening as well as extensive writing.
Assignments involve practical research applications.
Assignments involve presentation of material in relation to selected topic.
Assignments involve scoring for orchestra, concert band, and various small ensembles.
Assignments involve some actual programming.
Assignments involve some travel and periodic details to field offices.
Assignments involve the analysis of census data for the New York metropolitan area.
Assignments involve the analysis of real data sets using standard statistical computer packages.
Assignments involve the use of drawings plus acting in skits.
Assignments largely focus on analyzing data and becoming familiar with software packages.
Assignments lead to open discussions on contemporary and timely issues.
Assignments Let a be of type bigfloat .
Assignments Let a be of type bigint .
Assignments Let a be of type bigrational .
Assignments Let a be of type xbigfloat .
Assignments Let a be of type xdouble .
Assignments Let x be of type bigcomplex .
Assignments links people to teams.
Assignments List any assignments here.
Assignments listed are for the day under which the notice appears.
Assignments listed below are due on the date shown.
Assignments listed below are due the following week unless otherwise specified.
Assignments listed in bold face are required, others are elective.
Assignments listed in bold type are more important.
Assignments listed with a number are for real.
Assignments Look here for assignments.
Assignments lose all their points when they are turned in late.
Assignments lose one letter grade for every day past the due date.
Assignments make optimal use of technology and the Internet as a resource.
Assignments make writing easier for students and grading simpler for the instructor.
Assignments Making assignments that force students to use libraries is easy.
Assignments Missing work gets zero credit.
Assignments mix quantitative application with qualitative evaluations.
Assignments move from deep pictorial space into flat space and various 'fields' of painting.
Assignments move from personal response papers to formal academic essays.
Assignments normally begin with a business unit strategy audit.
Assignments normally focus around a main subject.
Assignments normally run from four to eight weeks.
Assignments note references to links of importance.
Assignments Note that there are only up to date when handed out in class.
Assignments older then the next class meeting can only receive half the credit.
Assignments only have to be produced once.
Assignments permit students to relate the use of video technologies to their own research paradigms.
Assignments pose increasingly difficult questions about the common problem.
Assignments prepare students for a career in industry or in public service.
Assignments present introductory experiences with linocut and woodblock print processes.
Assignments present problems.
Assignments promote learning.
Assignments provide a hands-on experience in using microcomputer applications.
Assignments provide integration and application of concepts acquired in the master's program.
Assignments provide learners with feedback on their performance by an assessor.
Assignments provide opportunities to exercise skills needed for project design and implementation.
Assignments provide students with ample opportunity to edit and draft memos, letters, and reports.
Assignments provide time to collaborate with school and other college or university faculty.
Assignments Provides guidelines to all assignments.
Assignments provides instructions for educational career projects to be completed by the student.
Assignments range from individual to team work.
Assignments range from memos to traditional research.
Assignments range from non-skilled to professional levels.
Assignments range from nonskilled to professional levels.
Assignments range from one day to indefinite periods.
Assignments range from one day to indefinite time frames.
Assignments range from one day to six months.
Assignments range from one to four weeks.
Assignments range from per diem to long-term.
Assignments range from poetry workshops to lessons in journalism.
Assignments range from representational to non-objective.
Assignments range from research and teaching to forestry extension and agrofores try.
Assignments range from routine mechanics to probing exercises designed for cognitive development.
Assignments range from site planning and new construction to renovation and restoration.
Assignments range from supervising undergraduate laboratories to assisting with graduate courses.
Assignments range from teaching to research or service.
Assignments range from three months to one year.
Assignments range in length from three months to one year.
Assignments read and turned in on due dates as listed from course on-line syllabus.
Assignments read and turned in on due dates listed on syllabus.
Assignments Read both the course guide and the reading assignments carefully.
Assignments Read input and output .
Assignments Read the help files listed above.
Assignments receive full credit if they are complete, accurate, and on time.
Assignments receive no credit if handed in late.
Assignments Refer to the course web page for the late submission policy.
Assignments reflect actual writing tasks in a cross-section of career fields.
Assignments reflect care and responsibility.
Assignments reflect content of readings.
Assignments related to the field experience are part of the overall course evaluation.
Assignments remain due after a week, without positive credits.
Assignments Reproduce the flame temperature reported above.
Assignments require a correct cover page.
Assignments require access to a computer with a CD-ROM drive and printer.
Assignments require analytical ability and expenditure of considerable time.
Assignments require computer work.
Assignments require coordination of programs for all age groups.
Assignments require coordination with other divisions whose functions interrelate with area studies.
Assignments require essay responses to two questions.
Assignments require independent judgement and making technical determinations and decisions.
Assignments require independent research and analysis.
Assignments require legal research in a library with a law collection.
Assignments require minimal artistic talent.
Assignments require problem definition analysis, planning and coordination.
Assignments require revising and editing for an intended audience.
Assignments require several one-paragraph answers.
Assignments require skill and judgment in the application of prescribed work methods and procedures.
Assignments require skill in conducting analyses of complex functions and processes.
Assignments require students to be interface clients, implementors, and designers.
Assignments require students to engage in activities that are both academic and practical.
Assignments require that groups write a paper about their solutions and present it to the class.
Assignments require the analysis of issues for effectiveness, efficiency, and productivity.
Assignments require the application of standards and guidelines.
Assignments require the use of information technologies to support written and oral communication.
Assignments require the use of library computers, search engines, and Internet research.
Assignments require working at home as well as in the design studio.
Assignments requiring computer analysis of scientific data are due approximately every week.
Assignments requiring memorization of long lists of words seem to derive from.
Assignments result in the value of the target variable after the assignment.
Assignments Review the above information and come to an understanding of what the items do.
Assignments revolve around problem solving, both in teams and individually.
Assignments rotate between patient unit and satellite-based practice.
Assignments run the gamut from charts and graphs to complex surgical procedures.
Assignments run the gamut from hanging lights and building props to ushering.
Assignments run two pages at a time.
Assignments Scan through the course web.
Assignments See a list of required and extra credit assignments.
Assignments See announcements above.
Assignments See the assignments.
Assignments See the weekly reading assignments.
Assignments See Websites for suggested links to support weekly lesson modules.
Assignments serve as the foundation out of which all subsequent field teaching grows.
Assignments serve the particular purposes of the course.
Assignments serve the purpose of valuation of the students performance.
Assignments serve to research project design solutions.
Assignments show care and serious thought and are submitted on time.
Assignments Start a portfolio with the self-ratings.
Assignments stress careful reading and analysis, and include short written exercises.
Assignments stress identifying and correcting problems caused by either software or hardware faults.
Assignments stress primary sources as well as scholarly studies, films, and recordings.
Assignments stress the different elements involved in making a successful photograph.
Assignments supplement in-class lectures and outside readings.
Assignments support the work of the higher level classes.
Assignments Take a library and learning lab tour.
Assignments take the form of essays or reports, media products and group projects.
Assignments Take the professor's questionnaire.
Assignments take two to three weeks and students work either individually or in teams.
Assignments tend to be long-term.
Assignments tend to be very focused, have clear content expectations, and emphasize analysis.
Assignments tend to stretch from one day to the next.
Assignments There are no graded assignments for the course.
Assignments Turn in an interview-ready resume by the second day of class.
Assignments typically consist of the most difficult tax cases.
Assignments typically focus on the installation of ductile iron, vitreous clay and plastic pipe.
Assignments typically involve coordinating and managing several projects simultaneously.
Assignments typically involve long, complex and technically oriented documents.
Assignments typically pertain to corporate transactions involving business sales or acquisitions.
Assignments typically take three to six months to complete.
Assignments ultimately boil down to reading and writing.
Assignments utilize special camera effects and dark room and computer software techniques.
Assignments vary across areas of specialization.
Assignments vary across areas of teaching specialization.
Assignments vary and include short compositions, reports, letters, and commentaries.
Assignments vary between elementary and high school level students in total communication settings.
Assignments vary by group and manager.
Assignments vary from semester to semester.
Assignments vary from several weeks to several years with many offering permanent opportunities.
Assignments vary greatly in terms of content and of the intern's profile.
Assignments vary greatly in terms of content.
Assignments vary in length and scope, but each one has specific objectives.
Assignments vary in length from about four months to about two years.
Assignments vary in length.
Assignments vary in priority.
Assignments vary in type of required expertise .
Assignments vary tremendously from actuary to actuary and often from week to week.
Assignments vary widely in length and complexity.
Assignments vary widely in length of time, and a high turnover rate is common.
Assignments vary, depending on the needs of the receiving agency.
Assignments Welcome .
Assignments Welcome to an introduction to quantitative analysis.
Assignments Written assignments and projects are to be handed in at the beginning of the class due.
Assignments always resolve last in any statement.
Assignments frequently require computer use.
Assignments often challenge old assumptions and call for new lifestyles.
Assignments often focus on the individual student's life experience.
Assignments often incorporate digitization and multimedia.
Assignments often involve varying amounts of physical labor in their accomplishment.
Assignments often make use of the excellent libraries, museums and other resources on campus.
Assignments often require sacrifices.
Assignments usually call for some sort of writing.
Assignments usually call for the submission of a two or three-page paper on an assigned topic.
Assignments usually come from the local association or designated assignor.
Assignments usually starts with prestudies and by specifying the new product.
All assignment are do at the beginning of class.
All assignment are due at the beginning of class on respective due dates.
All assignment are due in class on the day which they are due.
All assignment are the same with some modification.
All assignment are to be turned in before the first class of the following week.
All assignment are to be turned in.
All assignment descriptions in the Assignment area.
All assignment have to be handed in on time.
All assignments aim to integrate theory and practice in an ongoing and useful way.
All assignments are available on computers on campus.
All assignments are complete and include the specified criteria, found on each guide sheet.
All assignments are credit rated and focus on work based issues.
All assignments are custom designed to meet the unique needs of each start-up situation.
All assignments are do on the assigned day.
All assignments are done on a first come, first serve basis.
All assignments are double-spaced.
All assignments are due a week from the date they are assigned.
All assignments are due according to the schedule outlined above.
All assignments are due as announced on the course schedule .
All assignments are due as announced orally or in writing.
All assignments are due as assigned on the syllabus.
All assignments are due as assigned.
All assignments are due as class begins on the day specified .
All assignments are due as described below.
All assignments are due as indicated in the course syllabus and course calendar.
All assignments are due as indicated in the syllabus, or as indicated in class.
All assignments are due as indicated on the schedule.
All assignments are due as indicated on the syllabus.
All assignments are due as noted below.
All assignments are due as noted on the syllabus or in class.
All assignments are due as of the start of the class period specified.
All assignments are due as per the schedule above.
All assignments are due as stated in the syllabus.
All assignments are due at class the week following the week in which they are given.
All assignments are due at class time on the due date.
All assignments are due at class time on their due date.
All assignments are due at class time.
All assignments are due at midnight of the day specified.
All assignments are due at midnight on the day indicated on the syllabus.
All assignments are due at start of class on the date indicated.
All assignments are due at the assigned times.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class .
All assignments are due at the beginning of class and ONLY at the beginning of class.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class for the day they are assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class of the due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on assigned dates.
ALL assignments are due at the beginning of class on assigned dates.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the announced due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the assigned date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date announced.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date assigned by the instructor.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date due, unless otherwise specified.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date due.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date for which they are assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date indicated.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date listed.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the date specified.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the dates indicated in the syllabus.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the dates indicated.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day due unless otherwise stated.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day due.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day listed on the syllabus.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the day they are due.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the designated day.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the due date .
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the due date indicated on the course schedule.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the due date unless otherwise noted.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the due date unless otherwise specified.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the due date, unless otherwise specified.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the given day.
ALL assignments are due at the beginning of class on the respective due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the specified date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the specified day.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on the stated day.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class on their due dates.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class period on the date assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class period on the due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class session on the date assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class the day they are due.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class time on the date assigned by the instructor.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class time on the specified due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class unless otherwise noted.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class, even when the student misses class.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class, on the due date, unless stated otherwise.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class, unless otherwise noted.
All assignments are due at the beginning of class.
All Assignments are due at the beginning of class.
All assignments are due at the beginning of classes.
All assignments are due at the beginning of each class period.
All assignments are due at the beginning of each class session .
All assignments are due at the beginning of each class.
All assignments are due at the beginning of lab on the due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of lab on the posted due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of lab the following week.
All assignments are due at the beginning of lecture or lab, as noted.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the assigned class period.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class as listed in the calendar.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class hour.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class meeting listed in the syllabus.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class meeting time.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class meeting.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the date specified.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the date the assignment is due.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the day that they are due.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the due day.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class or lab period assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period .
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period for which they are assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period in hard copy for full credit.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period of the specified due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on or before the due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the date indicated.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the date specified.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the day assigned.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the designated day.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period on the due date.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period specified by the instructor.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period they are due.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class period.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class session indicated on the syllabus.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class that follows an assignment.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the class.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the designated class period.
All Assignments are due at the beginning of the laboratory period.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the next class period in order to receive full credit.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the next class period.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the next class session.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the next class.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the period on the date indicated.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the scheduled class.
All assignments are due at the beginning of the specified class meeting.
All assignments are due at the beginningof the assigned date.
All assignments are due at the class time.
All assignments are due at the designated dates and times.
All assignments are due at the designated times.
All assignments are due at the end of class on the days designated on the schedule.
All assignments are due at the end of class on the due date.
All assignments are due at the end of the class period of the specified due date.
All assignments are due at the end of the class period.
All assignments are due at the first of the class on the scheduled date.
All assignments are due at the first of the class period on the due date.
All assignments are due at the start of class .
All assignments are due at the start of class on the date indicated in the syllabus.
All assignments are due at the start of class on the date specified.
All assignments are due at the start of class on the date stated above .
All assignments are due at the start of class on the due date.
All assignments are due at the start of class on the specified due date .
All assignments are due at the start of class.
All assignments are due at the start of each class.
All assignments are due at the time designated by the teacher.
All assignments are due at the time specified or as modified later by the professor.
All assignments are due at the time they are collected in class.
All assignments are due at their assigned date and time.
All assignments are due be the end of the scheduled class period on the due date.
All assignments are due before deadline stated.
All assignments are due before lecture begins on the various due dates.
All assignments are due before or during class.
All assignments are due before the holiday break.
All assignments are due before the next assignment is assigned.
All assignments are due by class time on the scheduled due date unless otherwise specified.
All assignments are due by midnight on the dates specified below.
All assignments are due by midnight on the due date.
All assignments are due by midnight on their respective due dates.
All assignments are due by midnight or before the building closes on the specified date.
All assignments are due by the assigned date.
All assignments are due by the beginning of class on the assigned date.
All assignments are due by the beginning of class on the day which they are due.
All assignments are due by the date listed.
All assignments are due by the due date.
All assignments are due by the end of class the following week .
All assignments are due by the end of the week assigned.
All assignments are due by the end of the week in which they are assigned.
ALL assignments are due by the first day of class after spring break.
All assignments are due by the start of class on their respective due dates.
All assignments are due by the start of the class on the due date.
All assignments are due during assigned recitation section.
All assignments are due during class as indicated on the course calendar.
All assignments are due during class on the due date.
All assignments are due during class, as indicated on the course calendar.
All assignments are due during class.
All assignments are due during scheduled meeting ties.
All assignments are due during the class indicated on the course calendar.
All assignments are due during the class indicated on the course outline.
All assignments are due during the class period of the assigned day.
All assignments are due during the class period on the date requested .
All assignments are due during the class session indicated on the syllabus.
All assignments are due during the session following the assignment date.
All assignments are due during the week of the prescribed date .
All assignments are due for the following session.
All assignments are due immediately before class starts on the due date.
All assignments are due in a week from the day they are assigned.
All assignments are due in class , at the beginning of class , on the day assigned.
All assignments are due in class according to the schedule in the syllabus.
All assignments are due in class at the beginning of class on the date due.
All assignments are due in class at the beginning of the class meeting.
All assignments are due in class on or before their due date.
All assignments are due in class on the assigned date.
All assignments are due in class on the assigned due date.
All assignments are due in class on the date and time indicated in the syllabus.
All assignments are due in class on the date and time specified.
All assignments are due in class on the date announced.
All assignments are due in class on the date for which they are assigned.
All assignments are due in class on the date indicated on the schedule.
All assignments are due in class on the date listed below.
All assignments are due in class on the date they are assigned.
All assignments are due in class on the dates shown.
All assignments are due in class on the dates specified above.
All assignments are due in class on the dates specified unless otherwise noted.
All Assignments are due in class on the day assigned.
All assignments are due in class on the day indicated.
All assignments are due in class on the day specified in the course schedule.
All assignments are due in class on the due date indicated.
All assignments are due in class on the due date.
All assignments are due in class on the specified due dates.
All assignments are due in class on their due date.
All assignments are due in class the date they are listed in the syllabus.
All assignments are due in class the day they are scheduled due.
All assignments are due in class unless otherwise noted.
All assignments are due in class unless otherwise specified .
All assignments are due in class.
All assignments are due in hard copy in class.
All assignments are due in lab on the assigned date.
All assignments are due in lecture on the dates shown.
All assignments are due in section.
All assignments are due in the instructors office on the last regular day of the semester.
All assignments are due in-class on the date listed below.
All assignments are due no later than test day for each section.
All assignments are due no later than the date indicated in the syllabus.
All assignments are due no later than the date listed.
All assignments are due no later than the date specified.
All assignments are due on a class day.
All assignments are due on a specific date, as indicated when assigned.
All assignments are due on a weekly basis.
All assignments are due on assigned days.
All assignments are due on date indicated at the beginning of class.
All assignments are due on date indicated.
All assignments are due on date noted on the course schedule.
All assignments are due on dates assigned.
All assignments are due on dates listed in the syllabus.
All assignments are due on dates outlined below.
All assignments are due on dates specified.
All assignments are due on dates, in class, specified throughout the course outline.
All assignments are due on due dates.
All assignments are due on mutually agreed dates.
All assignments are due on or before the date indicated.
All assignments are due on or before the dates specified in the syllabus.
All assignments are due on or before the specified date.
All assignments are due on or before their specified date.
All assignments are due on or prior to the due date.
All assignments are due on scheduled day.
All assignments are due on the assigned date.
All assignments are due on the assigned dates .
All assignments are due on the assigned dates.
All assignments are due on the assigned due date.
All assignments are due on the date and by the time noted on the syllabus.
All assignments are due on the date and time of class as indicated.
All assignments are due on the date and time that is posted.
All assignments are due on the date announced.
All assignments are due on the date assigned by the instructor and as indicated in the syllabus.
All assignments are due on the date assigned by the instructor.
All assignments are due on the date assigned.
All assignments are due on the date by which they are listed.
All assignments are due on the date indicated below for a given lesson.
All assignments are due on the date indicated below.
All assignments are due on the date indicated in the course calendar.
All assignments are due on the date indicated in the schedule.
All assignments are due on the date indicated on the class schedule.
All assignments are due on the date indicated, at the beginning of class .
All assignments are due on the date indicated.
All assignments are due on the date listed on the syllabus.
All assignments are due on the date noted.
All assignments are due on the date on which they are listed.
All assignments are due on the date posted on the calendar.
All assignments are due on the date requested.
All assignments are due on the date shown on the syllabus.
All assignments are due on the date specified at the beginning of the class period.
All assignments are due on the date specified below.
All assignments are due on the date specified by the course instructor.
All assignments are due on the date specified by the instructor.
All assignments are due on the date specified in the syllabus.
All assignments are due on the date specified with the class syllabus.
All assignments are due on the date specified.
All assignments are due on the date they appear on the syllabus.
All assignments are due on the date they are printed on the schedule.
All assignments are due on the date they are scheduled to be submitted to the professor.
All assignments are due on the dates assigned Back to course page.
All assignments are due on the dates assigned.
All assignments are due on the dates given on the schedule.
All assignments are due on the dates identified in the course schedule.
All assignments are due on the dates indicated above.
All assignments are due on the dates indicated in the course calendar.
All assignments are due on the dates indicated in the syllabus.
All assignments are due on the dates indicated to the student by the teacher.
All assignments are due on the dates indicated without exception.
All assignments are due on the dates indicated.
All assignments are due on the dates listed in the class schedule.
All assignments are due on the dates listed in the Class Schedule.
All assignments are due on the dates listed in the course schedule.
All assignments are due on the dates noted in the syllabus.
All assignments are due on the dates shown on the syllabus or paper guides.
All assignments are due on the dates specified in the Calendar.
All assignments are due on the dates specified.
All assignments are due on the day announced.
All assignments are due on the day assigned.
All assignments are due on the day indicated in the Calendar.
All assignments are due on the day indicated on the course schedule.
All assignments are due on the day indicated.
All assignments are due on the day noted on the class schedule.
All assignments are due on the day noted on the course calendar.
All assignments are due on the day noted unless otherwise announced in class.
All assignments are due on the day stated at time of assignment.
All assignments are due on the day that they are required.
All assignments are due on the day they are listed.
All assignments are due on the due date indicated.
All assignments are due on the due date.
All assignments are due on the due dates.
All assignments are due on the established dates.
All assignments are due on the indicated date .
All assignments are due on the morning of the date assigned.
All assignments are due on the required dates.
All assignments are due on the scheduled due date.
All assignments are due on the specified date and time.
All assignments are due on the specified date during class.
All Assignments are due on the specified date during class.
All assignments are due on the specified date.
All assignments are due on the specified dates.
All assignments are due on the specified day.
All assignments are due on the stated due date.
All assignments are due on their assigned dates at the beginning of the class period.
All assignments are due on their assigned dates.
All assignments are due on their deadlines.
All assignments are due on their respective date indicated in the course schedule of assignments.
All assignments are due on time as determined by the instructor.
All assignments are due on time.
All assignments are due one week after they are assigned, unless otherwise noted.
All assignments are due one week after they are assigned.
All assignments are due one week from the day they are assigned.
All assignments are due one-week after they are assigned.
All assignments are due the beginning of class on the due date.
All assignments are due the class period listed on the schedule.
All assignments are due the day and time specified by the instructor.
All assignments are due the day specified.
All assignments are due the day that they are covered in class.
All assignments are due the following class session.
All assignments are due the following day, unless otherwise noted.
All assignments are due the next class session.
All assignments are due the next day except as noted.
All assignments are due the next day.
All assignments are due the week after they are assigned unless otherwise noted.
All assignments are due to be turned in on the day they are listed on the calendar.
All assignments are due to the instructor by the start of the class session.
All assignments are due today for final critique.
All assignments are due today.
All assignments are due upon the student's return to class.
All assignments are due when announced.
All assignments are due when assigned.
All assignments are due when designated.
All assignments are due when due.
All assignments are due when indicated on the course outline.
All assignments are due when indicated.
All assignments are due when required.
All assignments are due when scheduled.
All assignments are due when stated in the syllabus.
All assignments are due when stated.
All assignments are due when stipulated.
All assignments are due within one week, unless notified differently.
All assignments are due.
All assignments are either to be mailed electronically or to be turned in on standard size paper.
All assignments are essays and are evenly weighted.
All assignments are final and all contracts are binding.
All assignments are final.
All assignments are for a period of one week.
All assignments are for one year only.
All assignments are for six months.
All assignments are free of spelling, typographical, and grammatical errors.
All assignments are freelance.
All assignments are from Harris, unless otherwise indicated.
All assignments are from the assigned text.
All Assignments are from the text .
All assignments are from the text.
All assignments are graded and comments made where necessary.
All assignments are group assignments.
All assignments are group specific.
All assignments are in English.
All assignments are in Java.
All assignments are in the semester calendar.
All assignments are individual assignments.
All assignments are individual projects.
All assignments are individual.
All assignments are initially due on the date shown in the schedule of topics .
All assignments are mandatory.
All assignments are mission-based field work.
All assignments are of equal worth.
All assignments are online.
All assignments are open computer, no memorization is necessary.
All assignments are open-book format.
All assignments are optional for auditors.
All assignments are point based.
All assignments are posted on the Internet, all class-work is submitted through the Internet.
All assignments are projects that can be used in an actual teaching setting.
All assignments are subject to change.
All Assignments are subject to change.
All assignments are subject to delays to meet the needs of the class.
All assignments are subject to eligibility and availability.
All assignments are tentative prior to the date of the assignment.
ALL assignments are tentative.
All assignments are the same value.
All assignments are to be complete and submitted on time.
All assignments are to be complete on the due date to get full credit.
All assignments are to be completed and handed in on time as indicated by the attached schedule.
All assignments are to be completed and stored in written form by each class member.
All assignments are to be completed and submitted no later than their due date in class.
All assignments are to be completed and submitted on an individual basis.
All assignments are to be completed and submitted on time.
All assignments are to be completed and turned in on time.
All assignments are to be completed as a group.
All assignments are to be completed at home and submitted typed, in duplicate.
All assignments are to be completed based on the attached schedule.
All assignments are to be completed before class.
All assignments are to be completed before coming to class on the designated day.
All assignments are to be completed before the beginning of class on the due date.
All assignments are to be completed before the class period for which they are assigned.
All assignments are to be completed before the class period for which they are listed.
All assignments are to be completed by due date scheduled.
All assignments are to be completed by individuals, unless otherwise stated on the assignment.
All assignments are to be completed by the due date listed.
All assignments are to be completed by the end of the semester - no incompletes.
All assignments are to be completed in advance of the class session.
All assignments are to be completed in the work book by the due date .
All assignments are to be completed in the workbook by the due date.
All assignments are to be completed independently and are due before the class begins.
All assignments are to be completed individually unless otherwise directed.
All assignments are to be completed on an individual basis unless explicitly stated otherwise.
All assignments are to be completed on specified due dates.
All assignments are to be completed on time and are due at the beginning of class.
All assignments are to be completed on time and presented appropriately.
All assignments are to be completed on time.
All assignments are to be completed using loose-leaf paper and a pencil.
All assignments are to be completed within the allotted time period.
All assignments are to be computer generated.
All assignments are to be created on a computer.
All assignments are to be done as individual work.
All assignments are to be done independently of other students.
All assignments are to be done independently.
All assignments are to be done individually.
All assignments are to be done on a word processor.
All assignments are to be done on an individual basis, unless otherwise indicated by the instructor.
All assignments are to be done on the ugsparc machines.
All assignments are to be done on time, with maximum effort.
All assignments are to be done using the computer.
All assignments are to be grammatically correct.
All assignments are to be handed in at the beginning of class on the date due.
All assignments are to be handed in at the beginning of class on the designated date.
All assignments are to be handed in at the beginning of class on their due dates.
All assignments are to be handed in at the beginning of the class period on which they are due.
All assignments are to be handed in at the start of class on the day they are due.
All assignments are to be handed in before midnight of the day the assignment is due.
All assignments are to be handed in individually.
All assignments are to be handed in on the due date.
All assignments are to be handed in on the stated due date.
All assignments are to be handed in on time.
All assignments are to be handed in to the lecturer at class time on the day due.
All assignments are to be in essay form.
All assignments are to be in report form.
All assignments are to be monitored by the in-school staffing committee.
All assignments are to be neatly prepared and submitted at the beginning of class on the due date.
All assignments are to be neatly written with correct spelling and grammar.
All assignments are to be of professional quality.
All assignments are to be original work - no group efforts.
All assignments are to be passed in on the dates indicated.
All assignments are to be performed during regularly-scheduled class time.
All assignments are to be placed on a web site format.
All assignments are to be posted on Blackboard.
All assignments are to be prepared for the dates indicated in the course calendar.
All assignments are to be prepared in a careful, neat, logical, and scholarly manner.
All assignments are to be prepared in advance and are due on the date indicated .
All assignments are to be prepared outside of the class prior to the date listed.
All assignments are to be prepared prior to class.
All assignments are to be prepared with professional level organization and appearance.
All assignments are to be proofed.
All assignments are to be read before the class meeting for which they are assigned.
All assignments are to be read before the class.
All assignments are to be read for the date assigned.
All assignments are to be read prior to discussion of the topic in class.
All assignments are to be sent through email.
All assignments are to be stapled before being handed in.
All assignments are to be submitted and returned in tutorials.
All assignments are to be submitted as an attachment to an E-mail message by the due date.
All assignments are to be submitted at the beginning of class.
All assignments are to be submitted at the beginning of each class on the due date.
All assignments are to be submitted at the beginning of the class on the date due.
All assignments are to be submitted at the beginning of the session in which they are due.
All assignments are to be submitted at the end of each class on the due date.
All assignments are to be submitted by the designated time.
All assignments are to be submitted in a scholarly portfolio.
All assignments are to be submitted in complete form and on time.
All assignments are to be submitted in English.
All assignments are to be submitted on the date due.
All assignments are to be submitted on the due date.
All assignments are to be submitted on the posted due dates.
All assignments are to be submitted on the scheduled due dates.
All assignments are to be submitted on their respective due dates.
All assignments are to be submitted on time.
All assignments are to be submitted on-line.
All assignments are to be submitted to the course instructor by the required date due.
All assignments are to be submitted via e-mail.
All assignments are to be taken seriously.
All assignments are to be the individual work of the student unless otherwise instructed.
All assignments are to be the original work of the student presenting the work.
All assignments are to be turned in and on the dates given in the syllabus.
All assignments are to be turned in at class time the day they are due.
All assignments are to be turned in at class time.
All assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of class on the day the assignment is due.
All assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of class.
All assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of the class period they are due.
All assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of the class period.
All assignments are to be turned in at the beginning of the meeting on the due date.
All assignments are to be turned in at the start of class on the day they are due.
All assignments are to be turned in by the due date specified by the instructor.
All assignments are to be turned in during class.
All assignments are to be turned in during the class period on the day they are due.
All assignments are to be turned in during the class period.
All assignments are to be turned in in class on the scheduled date.
All assignments are to be turned in on assigned due date - no exceptions.
All assignments are to be turned in on the dates as indicated.
All assignments are to be turned in on the dates given.
All assignments are to be turned in on the day due.
All assignments are to be turned in on the due date as stated on the schedule of classes.
All assignments are to be turned in on the due date.
All assignments are to be turned in on the due dates.
All assignments are to be turned in on their due date.
All assignments are to be turned in on time .
All assignments are to be turned in on time.
All assignments are to be turned into the program directors.
All assignments are to be type written and submitted on due date assigned by instructor.
All assignments are to be type written pages are to be double-spaced and consecutively numbered.
All assignments are to be type written pages, double-spaced and consecutively numbered.
All assignments are to be typed , or printed from a word processor, unless they are done in class.
All assignments are to be typed and double spaced.
All assignments are to be typed and neatly done.
All assignments are to be typed and submitted at the beginning of class on the posted due date.
All assignments are to be typed and submitted at the beginning of the class on the posted due date.
All assignments are to be typed and submitted on time.
All assignments are to be typed double-spaced.
All assignments are to be typed for submission.
All assignments are to be typed on standard size paper.
All assignments are to be typed or computer printed and double spaced.
All assignments are to be typed using correct business format, quality print and paper.
All assignments are to be typed, carefully written and edited.
All assignments are to be typed, double space, unless otherwise noted.
All assignments are to be typed, double spaced with one inch margins.
All assignments are to be typed, double-spaced, and pages numbered.
All assignments are to be typed, double-spaced, and with pages numbered.
All assignments are to be typed, printed, or written in ink.
All assignments are to be typed, using a standard font and point size.
All assignments are to be typed, using MLA formatting.
All assignments are to be typed.
All assignments are to be typewritten and double spaced.
All assignments are to be typewritten.
All assignments are to be up to date at each seminar.
All assignments are to be visual or auditory.
All assignments are to be word processed, unless indicated by the instructor.
All assignments are to be word-processed unless otherwise specified by instructor.
All assignments are to be works of the individual student only.
All assignments are to be written legibly.
ALL assignments are to by typed, unless otherwise instructed.
All assignments are to by typed, unless otherwise stated.
All assignments are to follow directions provided.
All assignments are to introduce the trainee to the overall design, test and analysis process.
All assignments are to submitted by email.
All assignments are type checked.
All assignments are type-checked.
All assignments are under faculty supervision.
All assignments are very important for a successful study of the course.
All assignments are via electronic submission.
All assignments are worth an equal number of points.
All assignments are, without exception, due on the date listed in the schedule.
All assignments become late after the second day assignment was issued.
All assignments become late after the second day the assignment was issued.
All assignments begin with a comprehensive evaluation of the client's business.
All assignments carry equal weight unless otherwise advised.
All assignments carry written components with equal emphasis placed on oral execution.
All assignments count, some for a specific letter grade, others on a pass-fail basis.
All assignments depend on space availability.
All assignments emphasize analytical skills.
All assignments entail numerical calculations and written analyses with real data for real places.
All assignments given in class are the responsibility of students as well.
All assignments have a specific purpose to improve a final result.
All assignments have numerical marks which can be scaled with letter grades.
All assignments have parallel cites to both books.
All assignments have point value, which are converted into letter grades at the end of the semester.
All assignments have some bearing on policy, legislation and training.
All assignments have the same due dates as in-class.
All assignments have to be completed by the due date.
All assignments have to be completed on time to count.
All assignments have to be handed in on time.
All assignments have to be submitted for evaluation.
All assignments have to be submitted on time.
All assignments have to be typed or computer-printed.
All assignments have to handed in on a due date.
All assignments have to have references and proper use of citations.
All assignments have to submitted at or before the assigned time.
All assignments involve personal financial support raising.
All assignments involve the computer via programming and case analysis.
All assignments involve the creation of a web page.
All assignments listed below are from the casebook.
All assignments offer a private bedroom.
All assignments reading and written are due the following week unless otherwise noted.
All assignments require a great deal of reading.
All assignments require an A mastery level.
All assignments require extensive revision and most involve peer workshopping in class.
All assignments thereafter are due on the date posted.
All assignments typically count toward the final grade.
All assignments written and oral - are due at the beginning of class on the dates specified.
All assignments written outside of class are to be turned in on time.
Any assignment help writing ability if students write in complete sentences, using their own words.
Any assignments are due at the beginning class.
Any assignments are due at the beginning of the class period for which they are assigned.
Any assignments made in advance are due the day the student returns.
Any assignments missed are due on the first meeting following the absence.
Every assignment belongs to one grading period.
Every assignment is an information problem that can be solved using the Big Six.
Every assignment is confirmed by a contract.
Every assignment is different.
Every assignment is due at beginning of the class.
Every assignment is due at the beginning of class.
Every assignment is due on or before the deadline.
Every assignment is given a maximum point value.
Every assignment is given a numerical value.
Every assignment is led by a partner, supported by fully trained and qualified staff.
Every assignment is planned, scheduled, completed and reported on.
Every assignment is worth the above points.
Every assignment needs to be corrected.
Every assignment requires a deposit.
Many assignments afford only one opportunity to photograph the subject.
Many assignments allow students to complete research projects at their work site.
Many assignments are difficult to define so precisely that an equitable fixed fee can be identified.
Many assignments are flexible in response to the needs of the grantee.
Many assignments are flexible to the needs of the grantee.
Many assignments call for written responses analyzing quantitative results.
Many assignments engage multiple learning modes and emphasize cooperative projects.
Many assignments given to students turn into frustrating or counter-productive exercises.
Many assignments have no ONE right answer.
Many assignments involve online research and access to Internet information sources.
Many assignments require half or more of the references be recent.
Many assignments require working with, or around, heavy machinery.
Many assignments result in a life-time of continued friendship, contact, reinforcement, and help.
Most assignments apply to everyone at the same time.
Most assignments are available during regular business hours.
Most assignments are available weekdays or weekends, during the daytime or early evening.
Most assignments are complex and difficult.
Most assignments are directly by the court.
Most assignments are due a week after they are handed out.
Most assignments are due at any time before the final exam period, but no later.
Most assignments are due at the beginning of the class period.
Most assignments are due weekly.
Most assignments are for classroom settings.
Most assignments are generic to accommodate the wide range of interests and majors in the class.
Most assignments are in the general Boston area and require little or no travel.
Most assignments are in the individuals home, but assignments are at the work site.
Most assignments are in the individual's home, but some assignments are at the work site.
Most assignments are ready for presentation within five business days.
Most assignments are to be completed individually, however some are group assignments.
Most assignments are to be done and handed in the next day.
Most assignments begin in the fall.
Most assignments call for color photographs of the subject.
Most assignments come from a required workbook and computer-based programs.
Most assignments directly relate to the completion of a business plan.
Most assignments have some helpful hints.
Most assignments help students.
Most assignments involve attaching a file to an email.
Most assignments involve taking pictures of people, telling stories, and conveying information.
Most assignments involve use of the computer.
Most assignments link directly to later assignments.
Most assignments offer a combination of challenges that demand several team members' skills.
Most assignments offer free, deluxe apartments to travelers while on assignment.
Most assignments remain the same.
Most assignments require a commitment of only a few hours per month.
Most assignments require a commitment of three hours given on a regular basis.
Most assignments require a four-year college degree or three to five years of work experience.
Most assignments require a minimum three month commitment.
Most assignments require diagrams and written explanations.
Most assignments require several submissions that are about a paragraph each.
Most assignments require the result to be Web-accessible.
Most assignments take less than ten hours spread over several weeks.
Most assignments take place during normal business hours.
Most assignments touch on scenarios and action planning.
Most assignments use the English language.
Some assignments allow for casual professional attire.
Some assignments are due in class.
Some assignments are for one semester only.
Some assignments are from the textbook and others are worksheets.
Some assignments are good only during the day, others only at night.
Some assignments are harder than others.
Some assignments are long range in nature and require planned study time for their completion.
Some assignments are long-range in nature and require planned study time for completion.
Some assignments are pen and paper exercises.
Some assignments are preparation for an institute activity.
Some assignments are quantitative, and others involve writing answers to discussion questions.
Some assignments are quite technical in nature.
Some assignments are relatively easy to fulfill with plagiarism.
Some assignments are renewable, pending satisfactory service.
Some assignments are the result of group working.
Some assignments are to assist in the introductory research methods course.
Some assignments are to be completed weekly in the computer lab.
Some assignments are to be sent to PEP before a particular session.
Some assignments are usually due on the first day of class.
Some assignments are very short and some are long term.
Some assignments ask for the name of one of the editors of a newspaper.
Some assignments can require parent-child collaboration.
Some assignments carry a common grade.
Some assignments carry no point value and are exercises.
Some assignments consist of actions.
Some assignments contain an A question.
Some assignments contain readings that are included in the study guide.
Some assignments differ due to the method of delivery.
Some assignments encourage students to set individual creative and artistic goals.
Some assignments even require an officer to live away from home and travel from state to state.
Some assignments focus on analyses.
Some assignments give large open deadlines, while others are much more specific.
Some assignments have only one question, other assignments have multiple questions.
Some assignments have pollution prevention as the primary objective.
Some assignments have several parts and only the part that was late is affected by the reduction.
Some assignments help biology.
Some assignments involve accessing various WEB sites.
Some assignments involve assembly, installation of equipment or making simple modifications.
Some assignments involve communicating orally with others in a group setting.
Some assignments involve displacement.
Some assignments involve iterative calculations or parameter estimation.
Some assignments involve specific research assignments in the library.
Some assignments involve tracking trends or comparing data from various census years.
Some assignments just seem to continue by default.
Some assignments necessitate working together to make the story and pictures fit.
Some assignments offer choice locations, with beaches or mountains or ideal weather.
Some assignments offer choice locations, with beaches, and mountains or ideal weather.
Some assignments overlap in time.
Some assignments require a particular number or type of sources.
Some assignments require additional schooling.
Some assignments require areas.
Some assignments require attendance in the language laboratory.
Some assignments require competitive examinations.
Some assignments require computer programming to implement different techniques.
Some assignments require daytime observing outside of class.
Some assignments require examinations.
Some assignments require group work.
Some assignments require limited skills, which can be learned readily on the job.
Some assignments require operation of a typewriter to prepare documents.
Some assignments require previous international health experience or fluency in the local language.
Some assignments require the driver to have the ability to operate a vehicle with airbrakes.
Some assignments require the use of computers.
Some assignments require the use of on-campus resources.
Some assignments take students into their communities for outreach and research.
Some assignments work better than others.
An assignor is a party
Assignors have a predetermined pool of prospective referees that they intend to work with.
Assimilated prefixes solve pronunciation problems but cause spelling problems.
Assimilation also has over twenty new weapons in the form of weapon upgrades.
Assimilation assumes that relatively tenuous culture gets to be united to one unified culture.
Assimilation becomes understanding.
Assimilation begins in the European culture and then spreads to other cultures.
Assimilation can be progressive or regressive , distant or contact.
Assimilation causes immigrants to abandon their own culture and become part of the larger crowd.
Assimilation comes with the passage of time.
Assimilation continues to melt ethnic separatism.
Assimilation draws near.
Assimilation goes on in the tissues.
Assimilation has a number of facets.
Assimilation has strong transferency in family ties and influences.
Assimilation improves the model state based on the information contained in the observations.
Assimilation involves the incorporation of new events into preexisting cognitive structures.
Assimilation involves three concerns, spirit, word, and life .
Assimilation is a benign and actually progressive process.
Assimilation is a difficult and multi-faceted process.
Assimilation is a filter, which by definition subtracts.
Assimilation is a form of symbolic violence.
Assimilation is a goal here, seemingly.
Assimilation is a governing value in the curriculum.
Assimilation is a slow and, at the start, an unrecognizable process.
Assimilation is a social process
Assimilation is an innate behavior caused by migration.
Assimilation is another example of how languages change phonetically.
Assimilation is as assimilation does, for better and for worse.
Assimilation is defined as to taking up, making part of and making like oneself.
Assimilation is driven by articulatory constraints .
Assimilation is far less common than break-up.
Assimilation is genocide.
Assimilation is good, they proclaim.
Assimilation is in reality only the slow-motion killing of our people.
Assimilation is inevitable.
Assimilation is like a nuclear chain reaction.
Assimilation is more a biological process than a matter of choice.
Assimilation is more entertaining in concept than in action, unfortunately.
Assimilation is perhaps the most critical stage in the relationship-building process.
Assimilation is quite rare whereas acculturation is much more common.
Assimilation is relationships.
Assimilation is social processes.
Assimilation is takes place only within the vegetative biomass.
Assimilation is the acquisition and integration of perceptions into mental structures.
Assimilation is the greatest threat to our existence.
Assimilation is the incorporation of individuals or groups into another culture.
Assimilation is the only answer that makes sense.
Assimilation is the passage of the food molecules into body cells.
Assimilation is the process of including new people into the life and ministry of the church.
Assimilation is the word.
Assimilation is the wrong word - it is a political word.
Assimilation is total acculturation of a group to the point of lost identity.
Assimilation lies inland.
Assimilation lighting during winter is very beneficial.
Assimilation means that one of the sounds becomes more like the other one.
Assimilation means using existing mental frameworks and patterns to understand a new information.
Assimilation occurs for traditional parts such as color but also occurs for salience.
Assimilation requires newcomers to give up their distinctive culture.
Assimilation requires time to experience, to review and to practice.
Assimilation seems much less scary and a lot safer than staying apart and remaining different.
Assimilation undeniably helps immigrants acclimate to a new land and feel more welcomed.
Assimilation often occurs.
Assimilationist views are alive and well, in many areas of Nursing.
Assimilative capacity is the ability of a river basin to safely absorb pollutants.
Assimilative capacity refers to the degree that a particular environment can reduce contamination.
Assiniboine children touch the glowing images with their fingertips.
Assist community partners increase opportunity.
Assist reproduction treatments include phases.
Assist reproductive technology helps biological fathers.
Assist reproductive technology helps fathers.
Assist students to develop skills.
An assist is play
Assists account executives with sales calls and proposal preparation.
Assists anesthesia during induction.
Assists applicant with admissions and financial aid applications.
Assists applicants through state and federal regulatory processes.
Assists applicants with applicant self-entry system.
Assists are maneuvers.
Assists are part of ice hockeys.
Assists are sets which are spiked for a point or side-out.
Assists are up, penalties are down.
Assists are very easy to get.
Assists auditor in conducting annual audit.
Assists carpenter in raising forms to required elevation.
Assists carpenter in such tasks as construction, repair and maintenance of wood structures.
Assists clerks in performance of their duties.
Assists damp engine starting.
Assists database administrator in writing programs to support database management systems.
Assists dentist by evacuating saliva and debris from patient's mouth.
Assists dept chair in managing payroll for Summer school teaching.
Assists detox as a result of metal compound poisoning usually caused by chewing on wire.
Assists detox as a result of metal compound poisoning.
Assists end users in running the testing the system, and performs help desk duties.
Assists enzymes in electron transfer during redox reactions of metabolism.
Assists faculty in constructing and operating specialized spectrometers.
Assists faculty in courseware development.
Assists faculty in developing and editing proposals.
Assists faculty in developing relationships with specific companies to meet student needs.
Assists faculty in developing teaching competence.
Assists faculty in effective selection, use and design of media systems for classroom support.
Assists faculty in grading homework, quizzes, etc.
Assists faculty in identifying appropriate uses of technology in their instruction.
Assists faculty in identifying strengths and weaknesses in the program curriculum.
Assists faculty in locating teaching abroad opportunities.
Assists faculty in meeting the reporting requirements of sponsors.
Assists faculty in online course development and maintenance.
Assists faculty in preparing internal proposals.
Assists faculty in preparing proposals for instructional grants.
Assists faculty in securing extramural funding information.
Assists faculty in securing funds for research on topics related to the public interest.
Assists faculty in student clinical practice.
Assists faculty in the design, development, production, and evaluation of media in the classroom.
Assists faculty in the labs as needed.
Assists faculty in the preparation of research proposals.
Assists faculty with classroom research.
Assists faculty with curriculum needs, research, and resource materials.
Assists faculty with grant proposal development.
Assists faculty with identifying local and private sources of funding.
Assists faculty with integrating technology into the curriculum.
Assists faculty with office equipment problems.
Assists faculty with pre-award proposal submission issues.
Assists faculty with problem-solving, with simplifying tasks and with conflict resolution.
Assists faculty with professional improvement.
Assists faculty with project development.
Assists faculty with research projects related to medical education.
Assists faculty with the computer portions of their research.
Assists faculty with the design of quizzes, tests and other student evaluation methods.
Assists faculty with the development of instructional strategies using educational technology.
Assists faculty with travel arrangements and reimbursements.
Assists faculty with undergraduate and graduate computer class teaching.
Assists graduate students in advising students with technical questions.
Assists graduate students in completion of all necessary paperwork during their course of study.
Assists graduate students in their educational process.
Assists graduate students in their research.
Assists grassroots environmental groups in solving toxic chemical problems.
Assists guest with proper fit and comfort of ski and snowboard boots.
Assists head injured persons to develop social and problem solving groups.
Assists help desk for data communication problem in branch.
Assists infirm patients into or out of vehicles and provides wheel chairs if required.
Assists instructor in student and department activities.
Assists investigator during experimental procedures.
Assists is the number of times the player threw out a baserunner.
Assists judge in courtroom with juries and docket.
Assists lactose digestion by providing the enzyme lactase.
Assists lead technician in conducting all tests on evidence.
Assists mechanic in repairs when needed.
Assists microbiocides to penetrate slime.
Assists naturalists with programs and special events.
Assists OEHS with yearly review of evacuation plan and safety inspections.
Assists operator in maintaining operating log of gauge and instrument readings.
Assists pancreas and is therefore valuable in hypoglycemia and diabetic conditions.
Assists pharmacist in filling outpatient prescriptions.
Assists pharmacist in filling prescriptions.
Assists plan, coordinate development and production activities for the department.
Assists Preserve managers in ensuring the safety of the patrons.
Assists project producers to formulate budgets and develop and negotiate contracts.
Assists publicist in arranging for tour groups to attend festival.
Assists publicist in providing materials to and maintaining contact with print media.
Assists pupils in setting and maintaining standards and following acceptable rules of behavior.
Assists scrub in gowning.
Assists sponsor in preparation of financial claims for agency reimbursement.
Assists subordinate economic staff by providing technical advice and reviewing and verifying work.
Assists subordinates in collecting and maintaining data for the automated information work program.
Assists subordinates in the procedural aspects of expediting the work of the office.
Assists supervisor as needed.
Assists supervisor by performing basic, routine, and least complex procedures.
Assists supervisor for special projects.
Assists supervisor in conducting research and data compilation.
Assists supervisor in coordinating employment of unit's fire and support weapons.
Assists supervisor in development and preparation of grant proposals.
Assists supervisor in estimating future needs in relation to supplies, equipment and personnel.
Assists supervisor in identifying areas that are barriers to services for clients.
Assists supervisor in interviewing applicants for employment as library staff.
Assists supervisor in managing daily activities of desk.
Assists supervisor in managing fuel systems and coordinating ground support.
Assists supervisor in overseeing shift activities.
Assists supervisor in performance appraisals and with disciplinary actions.
Assists supervisor in planning experiments.
Assists supervisor in response planning for minor local events.
Assists supervisor in squad operations.
Assists supervisor in the development of new techniques and maintains and updates safety procedures.
Assists supervisor in the evaluation and resolution of customer complaints.
Assists supervisor in the ordering of supplies and replacement of parts as needed.
Assists supervisor in the planning of menus as related to production of unit as required.
Assists supervisor in the preparation and submission of monthly hatchery records and reports.
Assists supervisor in training and safety procedures.
Assists supervisor in training of seasonal maintenance crew.
Assists supervisor in training staff.
Assists supervisor on special projects as needed.
Assists supervisor with accommodating changes in federal, state, and other regulations.
Assists supervisor with analysis of proposed changes in tramway regulations.
Assists supervisor with coordination of work schedules, staff work, and special projects.
Assists supervisor with daily duties.
Assists supervisor with duties assigned.
Assists supervisor with operational duties and with identification of resource needs.
Assists supervisor with professional organizations, programs, or committee responsibilities.
Assists supervisor with set up and take down of necessary equipment.
Assists team with proper disposal.
Assists technologists with patients as needed.
Assists trades employees with their work by doing such tasks as basic carpentry and plumbing.
Assists undergraduates with intellectual, educational and social life on campus.
Assists user to resolve computer-related problems, such as inoperative hardware or software.
Assists walker users transport food, beverages, and other items without spilling a drop.
Assistance dogs are the only animals permitted in the library.
Assistance dogs are welcome.
Assistance dogs bridge the gap for wheelchair users.
Assistance dogs face special challenges that ordinary pets and other working dogs never encounter.
Assistance dogs have to remain focused and on task.
Assistance dogs help the individual with their disability, but they also do much more.
Assistance Dogs perform a wide variety of functions.
All assistance dogs are welcome.
Assistance allows library staff to focus on program development and presentation.
Assistance also can improve relief from a psychological point of view.
Assistance also includes income-generation, health care, education and community services.
Assistance also is available for students with urgent financial aid needs.
Assistance also is available through hourly employment and loans.
Assistance also is given in transferring financial aid.
Assistance also is needed in clerical, registration and health services.
Assistance also is provided by Canada, Italy, Japan, Germany, and others.
Assistance also is provided in identifying and acquiring outside funding for specific training.
Assistance also needs to be given in setting up support groups throughout the country.
Assistance appears to be on the way.
Assistance arrives, splint applied, and patient transported to patrol room.
Assistance begins the first week of the semester.
Assistance begins the first week of the term.
Assistance begins well in advance of the conferences by posting schedules, offering rapid contact.
Assistance begins with initial call.
Assistance begins with shelter, food, and clothing.
Assistance can address financial, health care, housing, planning, transportation, or other needs.
Assistance can and does come from many sources.
Assistance can be either a grant or a loan.
Assistance can be for material and practical needs.
Assistance can be immediate, with ultra fast turnaround.
Assistance can be in the form of grants, scholarships, loans or work-study.
Assistance can call for info about arrestees.
Assistance can continue until all hazards are controlled.
Assistance can either uplift or degrade a person, depending on how it is given.
Assistance can include such support as expert studies, training, and equipment for protection.
Assistance can include suggestions for resources, databases, and search strategies.
Assistance can provide resources for conflict.
Assistance can take many forms and varies in different regions.
Assistance can take the form of helping the host family, or just attending the program.
Assistance can take the form of scholarships, grants, loans, or work study assignments.
Assistance carrying trays, cutting foods, etc. has to be organized by the student.
Assistance comes in a myriad of ways.
Assistance comes in several different forms.
Assistance comes in two forms - technical and marketing.
Assistance comes in two general areas.
Assistance continues each year provided the student is still eligible to receive aid.
Assistance continues in Cambodia and in Rwanda and Burundi.
Assistance continues long after the fire, flood or other disaster.
Assistance continues through placement.
Assistance covers both compliance and beyond-compliance topics, and is guaranteed confidential.
Assistance dealing with challenged materials is offered to Iowa schools.
Assistance depends on certain conditions being met.
Assistance depends on family income and size, and number of dependents at school.
Assistance depends on the availability of a Volunteer.
Assistance developing quality improvement strategies is provided.
Assistance enables entrepreneurs.
Assistance Experienced operators provide roadside telecommunications assistance all day and night.
Assistance Experienced operators provide telecommunications assistance all day and night.
Assistance finding local housing is available upon request.
Assistance get better rank on the engines.
Assistance has many upsides when compared with the strictly regulatory approach.
Assistance has three syllables.
Assistance implies that one is taking some action, but needs help.
Assistance includes a monetary stipend and other support for scholarly activities.
Assistance includes alternative assessment arrangements, enlarged photocopying etc.
Assistance includes an allowance and supportive services.
Assistance includes audio visual tapes, computer software and texts.
Assistance includes bursaries, scholarships, prizes and emergency loans.
Assistance includes computer and communications equipment, training, and a satellite ground station.
Assistance includes crisis intervention, skills training, food, spiritual support, and housing.
Assistance includes distribution of gloves and bags and disposal of materials collected.
Assistance includes help filling out forms, understanding the laws, etc.
Assistance includes help with the completion of legal forms as well as basic procedural information.
Assistance includes litter bags, gloves, pickup and promotional and educational items.
Assistance includes loans, loan guarantees, interest supplements, grants and technical assistance.
Assistance includes medical practitioners, ambulance and the nearest hospital.
Assistance includes referrals and library resources.
Assistance includes rental space for businesses on a sliding scale, with rent increasing over time.
Assistance includes resume writing, career counseling, job placement and follow-up services.
Assistance includes scholarships, grants, loans and work.
Assistance includes study skills workshops, tutoring and mentoring programs.
Assistance includes technical, training and cash grant assistance.
Assistance includes training, equipment purchase, and prevention activities on a cost-share basis.
Assistance is a random act of kindness.
Assistance is absolutely free regardless of income.
Assistance is adjusted according to the number of credits taken.
Assistance is administered through their own eligibility requirements and regulations.
Assistance is already available from other resources as well.
Assistance is also available by emailing a question or problem to one of the email addresses below.
Assistance is also available by phone.
Assistance is also available by telephone and through e-mail.
Assistance is also available during breaks and over the summer during regular library hours.
Assistance is also available for academic development courses.
Assistance is also available for alumni desiring to move laterally within the legal community.
Assistance is also available for any associated equipment required for product handling.
Assistance is also available for application and essay preparation.
Assistance is also available for author-agent agreements.
Assistance is also available for automobile hand controls.
Assistance is also available for businesses on a local basis.
Assistance is also available for caregivers and family members of individuals with eating disorders.
Assistance is also available for class projects.
Assistance is also available for creation of spreadsheets or databases.
Assistance is also available for design and documentation work relating to heritage values.
Assistance is also available for developing waste utilization plans.
Assistance is also available for graduate study.
Assistance is also available for heating system repairs.
Assistance is also available for individuals and agencies who are assisting the homeless.
Assistance is also available for instructional design, planning, budgeting, and evaluation.
Assistance is also available for meeting expenses related to the conduct of research and writing.
Assistance is also available for other research-related travel.
Assistance is also available for part-time students.
Assistance is also available for presentations and negotiations to prospective investors.
Assistance is also available for problems that students are having with writing assignments.
Assistance is also available for professional testing.
Assistance is also available for specific writing problems.
Assistance is also available for staff development in standards-based activities.
Assistance is also available for students using computer programs.
Assistance is also available for the design of customized scanner sheets.
Assistance is also available for the research and promotion of heritage languages.
Assistance is also available from state agencies and private organizations .
Assistance is also available from trusts, charities and foundations.
Assistance is also available in French , German and Spanish .
Assistance is also available in preparing database-related elements of proposals.
Assistance is also available in researching and writing term papers.
Assistance is also available in spelling, writing, math, science and memory development.
Assistance is also available in the form of loans.
Assistance is also available in the interpretation of spectral data.
Assistance is also available in the polling place.
Assistance is also available in using the computers and software.
Assistance is also available in writing resumes and preparing for interviews.
Assistance is also available on an individual basis.
Assistance is also available on setting up anonymous ftp archive areas.
Assistance is also available online.
Assistance is also available through e-mail.
Assistance is also available through our web site and email.
Assistance is also available through our web site, fax and email.
Assistance is also available through several fellowships .
Assistance is also available to alumni.
Assistance is also available to companies that are undergoing or planning an expansion.
Assistance is also available to congregations who wish to develop their own planned giving programs.
Assistance is also available to employers looking for specialist personnel.
Assistance is also available to enhance learning and performance in specific courses.
Assistance is also available to enhance performance in specific courses.
Assistance is also available to help journalists contact faculty members in many areas of expertise.
Assistance is also available to help market individuals to potential employers.
Assistance is also available to individuals contemplating the opening of a new venture.
Assistance is also available to landlords owning rooming houses with rents below established levels.
Assistance is also available to registered providers and center operators.
Assistance is also available to students for whom English is a second or foreign language.
Assistance is also available to the carers of older people.
Assistance is also available via e-mail, mail, fax, or telephone.
Assistance is also available via email.
Assistance is also available via mail, e-mail, fax, or telephone.
Assistance is also available with the reduction and interpretation of the collected data.
Assistance is also crucial to achieving solutions.
Assistance is also prevalent in the other Balkan nations.
Assistance is also provide to Spanish speaking individuals.
Assistance is always at hand.
Assistance is always available by clicking the help button.
Assistance is always available by e-mail, phone or fax.
Assistance is always available in the set up and the studios and portable equipment.
Assistance is always available on request.
Assistance is always available.
Assistance is always free .
Assistance is always readily available.
Assistance is always welcome.
Assistance is an activity
Assistance is an important tool of protection.
Assistance is appreciated.
Assistance is as easy as clicking here.
Assistance is at hand with our reference service.
Assistance is at hand.
Assistance is available across Kentucky.
Assistance is available afternoons or by appointment.
Assistance is available around the clock all week.
Assistance is available around the clock, every day.
Assistance is available as a one-time payment to the energy supplier for eligible households.
Assistance is available as needed.
Assistance is available as required to perform physically demanding tasks.
Assistance is available as time permits.
Assistance is available at all service areas.
Assistance is available at all times through our answering service.
Assistance is available at any step of the process of creating valid documents.
Assistance is available at any time during normal office hours as well.
Assistance is available at every stage of specimen preparation from unfixed tissue to micrograph.
Assistance is available at headquarters for that task.
Assistance is available at monthly meetings and online.
Assistance is available at no charge and is provided by phone only.
Assistance is available at no cost to staff, faculty, and their immediate families.
Assistance is available at several different levels.
Assistance is available at the counter.
Assistance is available at the Guest Services desk.
Assistance is available at the information desk.
Assistance is available at the reference desk on a drop-in basis during regular hours.
Assistance is available at the Reference Information Desk.
Assistance is available at two levels.
Assistance is available both for debtors and for creditors who qualify.
Assistance is available by appointment or during posted hours.
Assistance is available by appointment, on a walk-in basis, or by phone.
Assistance is available by appointment.
Assistance is available by contacting the financial aid office.
Assistance is available by phone, electronic mail, on line, or in person.
Assistance is available by phone, fax, correspondence and in person.
Assistance is available by telephone and through scheduled on-site management assessments.
Assistance is available by telephone in English and Spanish.
Assistance is available by telephone, e-mail, or via the web.
Assistance is available by the laboratory director and student assistants.
Assistance is available by visiting the reference desk, by phone, or email.
Assistance is available consulting the card catalogues and taking books off the shelves.
Assistance is available daily.
Assistance is available during any study hall period or before and after school.
Assistance is available during the hours posted above.
Assistance is available during the instructor's office hours.
Assistance is available during the time specified in the contract.
Assistance is available editing and making titles.
Assistance is available either through grant-funded projects or on a contractual basis.
Assistance is available for a variety of learning styles and abilities.
Assistance is available for academics, financial aid, career counseling and transfers.
Assistance is available for accounting, financial analysis, management and more.
Assistance is available for activists, plaintiffs and members of the media.
Assistance is available for all facilities to make everything run very smoothly.
Assistance is available for all personnel interested in becoming tobacco-free.
Assistance is available for all skill levels and at any stage in the writing process.
Assistance is available for all stages of business from start-up through expansion.
Assistance is available for all students using supported hardware and software.
Assistance is available for alumnae who are seeking degrees in a variety of subjects.
Assistance is available for arranging transportation gas for a monthly charge.
Assistance is available for assembly.
Assistance is available for both employers and employees on a variety of occupational health issues.
Assistance is available for both membership and program services.
Assistance is available for both new cable installations and for modifications to existing networks.
Assistance is available for both renters and homeowners.
Assistance is available for carrying trays, cutting food, reading menus, etc.
Assistance is available for children of low-income parents who work or attend school.
Assistance is available for course content, basic skill areas, and study skills.
Assistance is available for course development, student placement, etc.
Assistance is available for crops grown commercially for food and fiber.
Assistance is available for departmental web developers who work with the template.
Assistance is available for electric, gas and oil heat, furnace repair or replacement.
Assistance is available for eligible students who are unable to afford the bus fee.
Assistance is available for emergency situations involving international students.
Assistance is available for experiment design and method development.
Assistance is available for experimental design, analysis, husbandry, and non-surgical techniques.
Assistance is available for facilities and physicians that have questions about the process.
Assistance is available for firms in all stages of international business development.
Assistance is available for first-time exhibitors.
Assistance is available for food, clothing, medical prescriptions, furniture, and housing payments.
Assistance is available for Home students through fee support, loans, and supplementary grants.
Assistance is available for income eligible or single parents.
Assistance is available for individuals experiencing difficulty in interpersonal situations.
Assistance is available for installation, training and ongoing support with equipment.
Assistance is available for installation.
Assistance is available for locating socioeconomic data in all formats.
Assistance is available for members to enter international exhibitions and salons.
Assistance is available for most general study courses.
Assistance is available for networking problems in residence halls and through campus dialup lines.
Assistance is available for one fiscal year at a time.
Assistance is available for patients traveling from other states or countries.
Assistance is available for people who speak virtually any language.
Assistance is available for people with disabilities.
Assistance is available for personal hygiene, dressing, medications and appointments as needed.
Assistance is available for personal, academic, and career matters.
Assistance is available for personalized decorations.
Assistance is available for persons with physical disabilities.
Assistance is available for photocopying and retrieving items from the shelves.
Assistance is available for planning a tree plot by calling the office.
Assistance is available for preparation of the review slides.
Assistance is available for processing all forms and providing information to veterans.
Assistance is available for public art projects beyond concept development stage.
Assistance is available for qualifying physically handicapped students.
Assistance is available for repairs, gas and tires to cars used for work purposes.
Assistance is available for researching specific topics.
Assistance is available for stalled vehicles or keys locked in vehicles.
Assistance is available for states having difficult with data submission.
Assistance is available for students creating graphics, presentations, and class projects.
Assistance is available for students who have a documented disability.
Assistance is available for students who have physical or learning-related disabilities.
Assistance is available for students with difficulties in courses.
Assistance is available for the filing of death benefit claims for survivors of deceased employees.
Assistance is available for the planning, implementation, and data analysis stages of such projects.
Assistance is available for the safe handling of particularly large or fragile items.
Assistance is available for the total design of the program.
Assistance is available for tobacco farmers, industry workers, and tobacco dependent communities.
Assistance is available for total farm management planning.
Assistance is available for tour escort notes, slides, photos and brochures.
Assistance is available for translation and private tutoring.
Assistance is available for tutoring, counseling and academic advising.
Assistance is available from a professional, self-help groups, and through education.
Assistance is available from a variety of federal, state and private sources.
Assistance is available from anyone with compensation experience.
Assistance is available from faculty and peers to help students narrow their interests.
Assistance is available from full-time staff, student tutors and instructors.
Assistance is available from lab staff.
Assistance is available from many different sources and at many different levels.
Assistance is available from our experienced reference staff at every library.
Assistance is available from our office via in person visit or telephone call.
Assistance is available from professional organizations, consultants and government agencies.
Assistance is available from the campus library reference desk.
Assistance is available from the director or one of the shop monitors.
Assistance is available from the librarian.
Assistance is available from the program staff.
Assistance is available from the Reference Desk, in person or by telephone, during reference hours .
Assistance is available from the staff at no charge.
Assistance is available from the staff.
Assistance is available if required.
Assistance is available immediately to employees and, in some cases, their immediate family members.
Assistance is available in a range of languages.
Assistance is available in acquiring any further information needed by the student.
Assistance is available in all languages.
Assistance is available in all learning labs at all times.
Assistance is available in beginning to use e-mail .
Assistance is available in both cities.
Assistance is available in both English and Spanish.
Assistance is available in developing the necessary business plan.
Assistance is available in English and Spanish.
Assistance is available in English only.
Assistance is available in English, German and Spanish.
Assistance is available in English.
Assistance is available in finding employment in private industry, in federal and local government.
Assistance is available in finding employment in the private and public sector.
Assistance is available in finding employment.
Assistance is available in finding housing, securing insurance and other required services.
Assistance is available in locating living arrangements in the community.
Assistance is available in making the transition to life in the surrounding area.
Assistance is available in notifying proper law enforcement authorities about sex offenses.
Assistance Is available in plannin g reflection or worship.
Assistance is available in requesting permission.
Assistance is available in selecting, researching, and organizing all topics.
Assistance is available in setting up an account, beginning to use e-mail, and accessing newsgroups.
Assistance is available in several languages.
Assistance is available in social studies, language arts, math and science.
Assistance is available in Spanish.
Assistance is available in the following areas.
Assistance is available in the following forms.
Assistance is available in the form of bond financing, loans and financing guarantees.
Assistance is available in the form of grants, loans, student employment, and scholarships.
Assistance is available in the form of handouts provided for installation.
Assistance is available in the form of payment plans and grants.
Assistance is available in two categories.
Assistance is available on a case by case basis for bridge loans.
Assistance is available on a limited basis to help faculty develop new computing applications.
Assistance is available on a one-time, occasional, or regular basis.
Assistance is available on a portion of the closing costs, etc.
Assistance is available on a voluntary basis.
Assistance is available on a walk-in basis, by appointment, or by telephone.
Assistance is available on an on-going needs basis.
Assistance is available on new releases, re-releases, backlist, out of prints and works in progress.
Assistance is available on other improvements as well.
Assistance is available on request.
Assistance is available on what the codes mean .
Assistance is available once per winter heating season.
Assistance is available only by e-mail.
Assistance is available only if absolutely necessary.
Assistance is available only in counties named as primary disaster counties.
Assistance is available only to applicants with credit unavailable elsewhere.
Assistance is available only to the very low income homeowners.
Assistance is available only to very low income homeowners.
Assistance is available regarding performance problems.
Assistance is available through an individual tutoring program.
Assistance is available through an interest-free loan with flexible repayment terms.
Assistance is available through federal, state, and institutional aid programs.
Assistance is available through feral cat trap, spay and release programs.
Assistance is available through individual counseling, workshops and symposia.
Assistance is available through loans, grants, or loan and grant combinations.
Assistance is available through our on-line tutors via our toll free phone support lines.
Assistance is available through scholarships, grants, loans, and work-study programs.
Assistance is available through testing and genetic counseling .
Assistance is available throughout the lab sessions.
Assistance is available throughout the program.
Assistance is available throughout the studio sessions.
Assistance is available to acquire new information on market opportunities.
Assistance is available to administrators, faculty, staff and students.
Assistance is available to affiliated union organizations with contract and economic research.
Assistance is available to all students during day and some evening hours.
Assistance is available to all users of the library.
Assistance is available to all.
Assistance is available to any landowner or operator in Scott County on both urban and rural land.
Assistance is available to any student who has completed one intermediate accounting class.
Assistance is available to anyone regardless of religious affiliation.
Assistance is available to anyone wishing to utilize services.
Assistance is available to arts organizations for capital expenditures.
Assistance is available to clients in resolving individual problems.
Assistance is available to enable students and alumni in finding postgraduate employment.
Assistance is available to existing single family residential lots.
Assistance is available to existing web sites to offer visual and structural design enhancements.
Assistance is available to family historians.
Assistance is available to General public.
Assistance is available to go on to universities and colleges throughout the United Kingdom.
Assistance is available to help apply for benefits and programs and make sure they are received.
Assistance is available to help departmental Web developers work with the templates.
Assistance is available to help select clothing sizes.
Assistance is available to help students and faculty use the collection.
Assistance is available to help students find relevant information for class assignments.
Assistance is available to help users to find materials and retrieve information.
Assistance is available to identify potential resources and address specific technical matters.
Assistance is available to individuals and community groups.
Assistance is available to moderate income homeowners.
Assistance is available to new computer users.
Assistance is available to offer guidance on applying for a Russian visa.
Assistance is available to people anywhere United States currency is used.
Assistance is available to persons with disabilities.
Assistance is available to persons with physical disabilities.
Assistance is available to prepare the material for publication on the web site.
Assistance is available to reduce or waive plot fees for low income gardeners.
Assistance is available to small Texas companies who manufacture a product.
Assistance is available to South Carolinian residents.
Assistance is available to students at the undergraduate or graduate levels only.
Assistance is available to students looking for suitable accommodation.
Assistance is available to students on a walk-in basis or by appointment.
Assistance is available to students with academic and financial aid questions.
Assistance is available to students, staff and faculty.
Assistance is available to very low and low income homeowners.
Assistance is available to write, edit obituaries or professional memorial pages.
Assistance is available until project completion, usually within two years.
Assistance is available upon request.
Assistance is available upon special request for individuals with disabilities.
Assistance is available via telephone, fax, or e-mail.
Assistance is available when the library is open.
Assistance is available with finding internship placements.
Assistance is available with personal laundry as needed.
Assistance is available with production of multimedia presentation software.
Assistance is available, as described below.
Assistance is available, on a limited basis, for summer quarter attendance.
Assistance is available.
Assistance is avaliable for members to enter international exhibitions and salons.
Assistance is avaliable.
Assistance is awarded as required.
Assistance is awarded by advance payment method.
Assistance is awarded by an electronic transfer system.
Assistance is awarded for tuition only.
Assistance is based on a sliding fee scale and the amount of available funds.
Assistance is based on allowable maximum value for eligible items.
Assistance is based on financial hardship.
Assistance is based on medium grade items, materials, equipment and services.
Assistance is based on program guidelines and availability of funds.
Assistance is based primarily on the income of working families.
Assistance is based upon income and household size.
Assistance is based upon the individual needs of the borrowers.
Assistance is by pre-programmed tabbed notebooks and an onscreen calculator to ease data entry.
Assistance is confidential and free of charge.
Assistance is confidential and provided by staff and trained, supervised volunteers.
Assistance is contingent upon the availability of qualified personnel to perform the required work.
Assistance is coordinated through a community action team and plan.
Assistance is crafted to accommodate the individual requestor.
Assistance is critical for independence and full participation in life.
Assistance is customized to meet the needs of the applicant.
Assistance is dependent on abilities and aptitudes, available funding, and other requirements.
Assistance is dependent on the client s participation in the program.
Assistance is disbursed by letter of credit or as required.
Assistance is disbursed by letter of credit, or as required.
Assistance is disbursed monthly.
Assistance is disbursed to the institution for monthly stipend allotment to the fellow.
Assistance is done on a first come first serve basis.
Assistance is drawn from the other teams as required.
Assistance is enlisted from key advocates in the community and a media campaign is initiated.
Assistance is essentially local.
Assistance is even available to help navigate the thicket of regulations which do remain.
Assistance is extended in registering children at the appropriate educational institutions.
Assistance is free and confidential.
Assistance is free and is made possible by financial contributions from the community.
Assistance is free and is provided both to individuals and small groups on a walk-in basis.
Assistance is free and made possible by financial contributions from the community.
Assistance is free to any person whether a plaintiff or defendant in a small claims matter.
Assistance is free to schools that agree to share information to help other schools.
Assistance is free, confidential, and non-regulatory in nature.
Assistance is free, confidential, and voluntary.
Assistance is from a dedication of the state sales tax on sporting goods.
Assistance is futile.
Assistance is gained through seasonal employees and site caretakers.
Assistance is gained to assure continuity of studies and learning.
Assistance is given also to other victims of non-violent crimes who have special requests or needs.
Assistance is given at no charge.
Assistance is given by some members in cataloguing items held by the house.
Assistance is given by the new human by speaking to the higher self of the other.
Assistance is given for a period of three years, and cover tuition fees only.
Assistance is given for course selection.
Assistance is given from first time to experienced exporters.
Assistance is given in applying for other programs and services.
Assistance is given in applying to schools and in making the transition smoothly.
Assistance is given in applying to schools.
Assistance is given in arranging private business appointments for participants.
Assistance is given in creating a resume that meets the needs of the hiring authority.
Assistance is given in finding employment and housing.
Assistance is given in finding housing.
Assistance is given in locating materials on the shelf and on the internet.
Assistance is given in planning, organization, development, grammar and syntax.
Assistance is given in setting appropriate short and long term career goals.
Assistance is given in the areas of library instruction, reference, and document delivery.
Assistance is given in the form of grants and no-interest loans.
Assistance is given in writing resumes and in assembling a credentials folder.
Assistance is given on a drop in basis.
Assistance is given primarily to districts and schools with high percentages of children in poverty.
Assistance is given the same way each time until the student is ready for a lower level of prompt.
Assistance is given the swine farmers in their breeding programs and in their herd bookkeeping.
Assistance is given through a grant, a conditional grant or a loan.
Assistance is given through cash donations, in-kind gifts of plane tickets, or volunteer assistance.
Assistance is given through out the year on a daily basis, by appointment only.
Assistance is given throughout the entire permitting process.
Assistance is given to boaters in distress.
Assistance is given to buyers intending to show, to ensure an appropriate choice.
Assistance is given to children of all religions.
Assistance is given to children without regard to race, religion or even financial circumstances.
Assistance is given to departments who wish to have their own software mounted.
Assistance is given to determine publication day, newspaper formats, line rates, and ad sizes.
Assistance is given to each individual as the pro walks up and down the line.
Assistance is given to find outside agencies that can provide long-term services.
Assistance is given to graduates throughout their careers.
Assistance is given to minority students interested in grants, scholarships, and othe financial aid.
Assistance is given to newcomers with some referral to downtown social workers.
Assistance is given to setting up and managing comprehensive service stations.
Assistance is given to students needing summer or campus employment.
Assistance is given to students who plan to go on to graduate work.
Assistance is given to students with disabilities to ensure they have access to library resources.
Assistance is given to the process of exploring opportunities for ministry.
Assistance is given to the states on various occupational health matters.
Assistance is given with locating permanent accommodation, and moving in.
Assistance is given with resume writing and job searches.
Assistance is given within the limits of available appropriations.
Assistance is granted for one school year, and reviewed on a semester basis.
Assistance is granted on the basis of the financial information provided.
Assistance is handled by the hospital operator.
Assistance is here and more.
Assistance is in our name.
Assistance is in the form of a loan.
Assistance is in the form of equipment, expertise, training and free circuits for the first year.
Assistance is in the form of federal, state, and institutional grants, loans, and employment.
Assistance is in the form of low-interest loans, grants, and personal consultations.
Assistance is in the form of subsidies for production costs only.
Assistance is in the form of toys for families and children.
Assistance is intended for the use of scholars only.
Assistance is intended to be supplemental to student and family resources.
Assistance is intended to supplement student and family resources.
Assistance is just a click away.
Assistance is just a few clicks away at an online reference site.
Assistance is just a moment away.
Assistance is just a mouse click away.
Assistance is just a phone call away.
Assistance is just a phone call or an e-mail away.
Assistance is just an email or call away.
Assistance is just minutes away.
Assistance is just the click of a mouse away.
Assistance is limited to five years.
Assistance is limited to one class per student.
Assistance is limited to one grant a year per recipient.
Assistance is limited to questions concerning installation and configuration.
Assistance is limited to research questions and basic computing.
Assistance is limited to six food boxes during a six month period.
Assistance is limited to telephone support during normal business hours.
Assistance is limited to two years unless a hardship exemption is made.
Assistance is made available as required through the electronic transfer system.
Assistance is made available to new students after that time.
Assistance is measurable and has identifiable recipient.
Assistance is more important.
Assistance is more or less unconditional, and the instruments are very flexible.
Assistance is most damaging .
Assistance is much appreciated.
Assistance is much more welcome after a frustrating voyage.
Assistance is necessary from other sources as well.
Assistance is necessary to ensure that iodized salt monitoring becomes a routine process.
Assistance is necessary to ensure that the program continues.
Assistance is necessary.
Assistance is needed answering the phones, filing, data entry, copying, preparing mailings, etc.
Assistance is needed both outdoors and indoors on all evenings of the event.
Assistance is needed in advising, coaching, and various other areas.
Assistance is needed in Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Tennessee.
Assistance is needed in arranging displays and coordinating openings.
Assistance is needed in building a more responsive system that includes community participation.
Assistance is needed in collaboration and partnerships.
Assistance is needed in coordinating the quarterly meetings and introducing speakers for the group.
Assistance is needed in each group swim lesson.
Assistance is needed in interviews, transcription, research and other areas.
Assistance is needed in making the transition to a new living environment.
Assistance is needed in many areas.
Assistance is needed in music, art and computer classes.
Assistance is needed in music, art and somputer classes.
Assistance is needed in music, art, and computer classes also.
Assistance is needed in organizing activities, publicity, fund raising and administration.
Assistance is needed in some cases due to the nature of the disability.
Assistance is needed in sorting and categorizing the large volume of donated clothing.
Assistance is needed in the preparation of lunches as well as with programs.
Assistance is needed in the preparation of lunches as well as with the programs.
Assistance is needed in the processing and analysis of data.
Assistance is needed in training, research, project planning and fundraising.
Assistance is needed in writing articles, editing, layout, reproduction, and mailing.
Assistance is needed on weekdays, evenings and weekends.
Assistance is needed staffing the games, concessions, and ticket sales.
Assistance is needed to continue providing projects for groups.
Assistance is needed to get contacts for the workshop.
Assistance is needed to get in and out of the pool.
Assistance is needed to help low-income elderly and disabled pay for their needed medications.
Assistance is needed to help plan and implement programs within the unit.
Assistance is needed to identified the black male involved in the confrontation.
Assistance is needed to identify the black male involved in the confrontation.
Assistance is needed to move and transport the food before it can be given out.
Assistance is needed to prevent future extinction in New Jersey.
Assistance is needed with hospitality for next season.
Assistance is needed with mailings, filing, phone calling and computer work.
Assistance is needed with such activities as lining up inductees and seating guests.
Assistance is needed with training.
Assistance is neither a guarantee nor a promise of employment.
Assistance is never more than one or two keystrokes away.
Assistance is normally available from a superior when unusual or difficult problems arise.
Assistance is normally for one to two years.
Assistance is obtainable by phone, fax, or e-mail.
Assistance is obtained from another teacher.
Assistance is offered by agency professionals.
Assistance is offered by the regulatory agencies to help businesses come into compliance.
Assistance is offered for public relations aspects of newsletters and communications.
Assistance is offered for untraditional and difficult problems.
Assistance is offered free of charge at all times.
Assistance is offered graciously, and the sense of inclusion is consistent.
Assistance is offered in a number of ways, as can be seen below.
Assistance is offered in both fiction and non-fiction.
Assistance is offered in creating and maintaining resumes.
Assistance is offered in deciding what to do and how to help.
Assistance is offered in identifying career goals and developing job-search skills.
Assistance is offered in preparing a resume if needed for application.
Assistance is offered in securing internships.
Assistance is offered in several forms, including scholarships and graduate assistantships.
Assistance is offered on a walk-in basis and over the telephone.
Assistance is offered on a walk-in basis, but appointments are encouraged for convenience.
Assistance is offered on a walk-in basis.
Assistance is offered through demonstration, training and consulting services.
Assistance is offered through phone consultation, printed resources, parish visits, and workshops.
Assistance is offered through the following programs.
Assistance is offered throughout a complain resolution process.
Assistance is offered to all students, by the college's support services.
Assistance is offered to both local organizations or government agencies.
Assistance is offered to congregations in conflict.
Assistance is offered to employees and family members .
Assistance is offered to help contact the referral source, if needed.
Assistance is offered to planners, developers, and local governments, when requested.
Assistance is offered to students prior to and upon their arrival in the United States.
Assistance is offered to students, faculty, staff, and if time allows, non-university patrons.
Assistance is offered via computer, and, usually, at a physical location on the main campus.
Assistance is offered whenever requested to students who experience acts of intimidation or hatred.
Assistance is offered with core skills such as generic study skills, maths and basic computer use.
Assistance is offerred for most math courses taught on campus.
Assistance is often available to members of English family history societies.
Assistance is on a first come first serve basis.
Assistance is on fiscal year basis.
Assistance is only a call away.
Assistance is only a phone call away.
Assistance is optional but very much welcomed.
Assistance is out there for the informed applicant.
Assistance is paid on behalf of eligible tenants living in the property.
Assistance is permissible in landing or boating the fish.
Assistance is primarily in the form of guarantees to the lender for specific loans.
Assistance is prompt, with technical excellence, quality products, and proven performance.
Assistance is prorated for part-time students.
Assistance is provide one time annually, and all payments are sent directly to energy vendors.
Assistance is provided as an interestfree loan, grant or a combination loan and grant.
Assistance is provided as required.
Assistance is provided at all three institutions to help students find suitable accommodation.
Assistance is provided at no charge during the tutoring center hours.
Assistance is provided at no cost to resource center clients.
Assistance is provided at no cost to the participating communities.
Assistance is provided between class hours or by appointment.
Assistance is provided both by telephone and through in-person consultation.
Assistance is provided by a higher-level economist.
Assistance is provided by appointment only.
Assistance is provided by appointment.
Assistance is provided by both student tutors and faculty.
Assistance is provided by charitable donations and food drives in the community.
Assistance is provided by companies.
Assistance is provided by email only.
Assistance is provided by inmate laborer.
Assistance is provided by on and off site sponsors.
Assistance is provided by one or more peer tutors.
Assistance is provided by peer, paraprofessional and professional tutors on a walk-in basis.
Assistance is provided by regional desegregation assistance centers.
Assistance is provided by telephone or in person.
Assistance is provided by the staff on duty.
Assistance is provided by the staff to ensure that everyone progresses at a reasonable rate.
Assistance is provided by trained job coaches and administrative support.
Assistance is provided by voucher to local merchants.
Assistance is provided directly to project owners based on the income of each individual family.
Assistance is provided during the normal working day and during evening study periods.
Assistance is provided for a variety of courses, with flexible scheduling available.
Assistance is provided for active duty servicemembers, family members and retirees.
Assistance is provided for disabled students.
Assistance is provided for financial, marketing, technical, business, and permitting needs.
Assistance is provided for low-income patrons through grants.
Assistance is provided for making necessary arrangements.
Assistance is provided for renewal of the national credential.
Assistance is provided for school enrollment, lease negotiations and utility hookups.
Assistance is provided for searching external media sources.
Assistance is provided for student career assessment, advisement, preparation, and placement.
Assistance is provided for the negotiation of rights including competitive analysis.
Assistance is provided for travel, lodging, and subsistence.
Assistance is provided free of charge to a limited number of entrepreneurs per semester.
Assistance is provided free of charge to the small business owner or aspiring entrepreneur.
Assistance is provided free of charge.
Assistance is provided from door of origin to door of destination.
Assistance is provided from the surrounding community when requested.
Assistance is provided from the time of new student orientation through graduation.
Assistance is provided generally upon request.
Assistance is provided if needed in obtaining a tribal census number.
Assistance is provided in a confidential manner.
Assistance is provided in acquiring hardware and software.
Assistance is provided in acquisition, loading, upgrading and support of numerous software packages.
Assistance is provided in all areas of business operations and start-up.
Assistance is provided in all phases of the hiring process.
Assistance is provided in an innovative self-help program.
Assistance is provided in areas ranging from waste minimization to hazardous waste audits.
Assistance is provided in areas such as accounting, budgeting, and reporting.
Assistance is provided in choosing correct methods of cyber supervision.
Assistance is provided in course development and instructor training.
Assistance is provided in developing and sending education placement credentials.
Assistance is provided in developing project ideas and design.
Assistance is provided in development of community intervention and prevention initiatives.
Assistance is provided in development of management strategies and viability assessment.
Assistance is provided in disputes between landlords and tenants.
Assistance is provided in English, Spanish and several Asian languages.
Assistance is provided in every practicable way to relieve poverty and advance education.
Assistance is provided in finding accommodations.
Assistance is provided in finding affordable living accommodations.
Assistance is provided in finding affordable, accessible accomodation.
Assistance is provided in finding full and part-time employment.
Assistance is provided in identifying sources of research and proposal preparation.
Assistance is provided in identifying sources of research funds and proposal preparation.
Assistance is provided in job placement.
Assistance is provided in leadership training, programming, and staff development.
Assistance is provided in locating and maintaining independent housing within the community.
Assistance is provided in locating factual and bibliographic information.
Assistance is provided in locating grant sources and in writing proposals.
Assistance is provided in locating housing in Peoria.
Assistance is provided in locating off-campus housing.
Assistance is provided in making reservations for many area activities and excursions.
Assistance is provided in matters of orientation and immigration.
Assistance is provided in measuring and managing the value of a company.
Assistance is provided in obtaining needed services.
Assistance is provided in obtaining taped texts.
Assistance is provided in person and by telephone.
Assistance is provided in removing identified obstacles and the participant continues on their plan.
Assistance is provided in resume and cover letter preparation and with interviewing skills.
Assistance is provided in selecting majors, occupations, and preparing for the world of work.
Assistance is provided in selecting videos for departmental training puporses.
Assistance is provided in several subject areas, such as algebra, physics, and chemistry.
Assistance is provided in solving production problems in peanuts and tobacco.
Assistance is provided in ten of the province's health centres.
Assistance is provided in the areas of job search, resume writing and interviewing techniques.
Assistance is provided in the areas such as meal preparation, shopping and budgeting.
Assistance is provided in the computer lab for Hebrew vocabulary acquisition.
Assistance is provided in the form of a reduced interest rate loan.
Assistance is provided in the form of one-time capital grants through the sponsoring body.
Assistance is provided in the library in topic searching and selecting resources.
Assistance is provided in the many levels of math and statistics courses offered at the college.
Assistance is provided in the selection of coursework for specific career objectives.
Assistance is provided in using library materials.
Assistance is provided in zoning regulations, subdivision regulations and proposed amendments.
Assistance is provided mainly in the form of food in kind.
Assistance is provided on a group as well as individual basis.
Assistance is provided on a reasonable fee- for service basis.
Assistance is provided on a short-term basis for crisis situations.
Assistance is provided on a sliding scale, depending on income.
Assistance is provided on a temporary basis only.
Assistance is provided on a walk-in basis.
Assistance is provided on all key account installations.
Assistance is provided on an individual or group basis through facilitation sessions or workshops.
Assistance is provided on both a walk-in and appointment basis.
Assistance is provided on either long or short-term assignments.
Assistance is provided on problems in the text or handouts that indicate help is permitted.
Assistance is provided on the assessment and development of corporate business ethics and practices.
Assistance is provided on unusual problems.
Assistance is provided regardless of race, nationality, gender, social status, or education level.
Assistance is provided through a variety of programs and administrative functions.
Assistance is provided through an extensive online manual.
Assistance is provided through consultations and the supervision of student learning activities.
Assistance is provided through counseling and individual and group tutoring .
Assistance is provided through loans, grants, scholarships, and student employment.
Assistance is provided through on-line hypertext help and documentation.
Assistance is provided through phone advice to clients, by direct representation by staff.
Assistance is provided through planning, project, and technical assistance grants.
Assistance is provided through workshops, discipline-based courses and individual consultations.
Assistance is provided to aid students in determining compatible careers.
Assistance is provided to arrange for resource speakers and to plan regional or local conferences.
Assistance is provided to associations in the search process for directors.
Assistance is provided to both current or potential small business owners.
Assistance is provided to both men and women and a choice of male or female counselors is available.
Assistance is provided to both veterinarians and pet owners.
Assistance is provided to community groups seeking to establish programs for non-English speakers.
Assistance is provided to coordinate sharing of units by single students.
Assistance is provided to country members for accommodation and travel.
Assistance is provided to determine individual needs and to develop skill improvement strategies.
Assistance is provided to eligible households to supplement winter heating costs.
Assistance is provided to facilitate each district's achievement of goals and objectives.
Assistance is provided to familiarise students with software, including special courses.
Assistance is provided to families based on individual family needs assessments.
Assistance is provided to get the client started and looking in the right direction.
Assistance is provided to help students in college admission.
Assistance is provided to individuals and their families in planning for adult life.
Assistance is provided to investigators in techniques for animal handling.
Assistance is provided to law students based on academic achievement.
Assistance is provided to members through six programs.
Assistance is provided to other race promoters, eg.
Assistance is provided to persons seeking suitable rental housing in Alexandria.
Assistance is provided to public and private agencies.
Assistance is provided to retirees and surviving family members.
Assistance is provided to rural fire districts and volunteer fire departments.
Assistance is provided to set-up and expand recycling programs in the schools.
Assistance is provided to students for finding living accommodation.
Assistance is provided to students needing further development for academic success.
Assistance is provided to students seeking positions with Irish and international organisations.
Assistance is provided to students to secure appropriate internships.
Assistance is provided to students who are on active duty or who are veterans.
Assistance is provided to students whose concerns are of a personal, cultural or emotional nature.
Assistance is provided to the academic and business communities.
Assistance is provided to tribal members with purchasing quality medical and health care services.
Assistance is provided to underdeveloped countries that face economic and social problems.
Assistance is provided to veterans to ensure timely and efficient processing of loans.
Assistance is provided to victims of domestic violence.
Assistance is provided via e-mail.
Assistance is provided via free, individualized counseling or at monthly for-fee seminars.
Assistance is provided with budgeting and medications.
Assistance is provided with career planning and class scheduling.
Assistance is provided with completing the paperwork and writing internal agency procedures.
Assistance is provided with job search skills, support and encouragement.
Assistance is provided with obtaining accessible affordable housing.
Assistance is provided with personal hygiene and physical care.
Assistance is provided with resolving interpersonal conflict among students, faculty and staff.
Assistance is provided with self administration of medications.
Assistance is provided with support of appropriate documentation.
Assistance is provided with the objective of improving the quality of life of Georgia citizens.
Assistance is provided without regard to ability to pay.
Assistance is provided without regard to religious beliefs, gender, or ethnic background.
Assistance is provided year round.
Assistance is provided, as appropriate, for the stage of development that an industry has achieved.
Assistance is provided, but much of the responsibility for follow through is up to the student.
Assistance is provided, free of charge, to the small business owner or aspiring entrepreneur.
Assistance is provided, free of charge, to the small business owner or the aspiring entrepreneur.
Assistance is readily available for any questions regarding coverage of services.
Assistance is readily available for optimizing motor use and costs.
Assistance is readily available from a higher-level accountant.
Assistance is readily available from a higher-level specialist.
Assistance is readily available to anyone needing it.
Assistance is readily available when needed.
Assistance is received and plan is written.
Assistance is released by quarterly reimbursement or a letter of credit.
Assistance is released on a reimbursement or limited advance basis.
Assistance is released upon application for reimbursement of expenses or by letter of credit.
Assistance is rendered free of charge.
Assistance is rendered in facilitating recognised in-service training .
Assistance is rendered in filing all no-fault and motor vehicle documents.
Assistance is rendered to academic departments in advising students interested in graduate school.
Assistance is requested through mutual aid channels as needed.
Assistance is required in all aspects of bathing.
Assistance is required in all aspects of stair climbing, including assistance with walking aids.
Assistance is required in all steps of personal hygiene.
Assistance is required occasionally to perform required tasks.
Assistance is required to go further along the paved trail.
Assistance is required with incontinence aids, such as pads etc.
Assistance is required.
Assistance is sought for all types of non food consumer products.
Assistance is sought from community groups, family groups and individuals to help on that day.
Assistance is sought from four additional individuals to assist with postings.
Assistance is still available.
Assistance is subject to the availability of funds and seller participation.
Assistance is subject to the availability of funds.
Assistance is suggested.
Assistance is supplied for daily functions, such as provision of meals, bathing, and dressing.
Assistance is tailored to each business and personal follow-up is provided.
Assistance is tailored to meet individual state needs.
Assistance is tailored to specific queries as well as general needs.
Assistance is tailored to the needs of the business requesting it.
Assistance is tailored to the needs of the individual student.
Assistance is targeted at humanitarian relief and infrastructure repair.
Assistance is the objective.
Assistance is there for the asking.
Assistance is to be provided as Christian service, without regard to race, nationality, or religion.
Assistance is very limited on the dialin product due to staffing constraints.
Assistance is welcome and appreciated.
Assistance is welcome.
Assistance isa activity.
Assistance needs rest on recovery and mitigation of, and preparation for, future disasters.
Assistance needs to start before children ever enter kindergarten.
Assistance offered includes help with writing a resume and in gaining interview skills.
Assistance Plan the cashflow demands of the media and production schedules.
Assistance progressively rises as the torsion bar twist increases. .
Assistance provided by lab consultants is limited to the software installed in the lab .
Assistance provided by the fund is mainly for accomodation and electricity.
Assistance provided by the Ombuds office is separate from the formal process.
Assistance provided is in the form of mortgage insurance.
Assistance provided is short-term in nature and provided at no cost to the disaster victims.
Assistance provided is varied and includes both technical and administrative activities.
Assistance provided to faculty and unclassified professionals is free of charge.
Assistance ranges from brief to in-depth instruction on research materials.
Assistance ranges from group sessions to individual counseling.
Assistance ranges from helping locate lost luggage to providing medical evacuation.
Assistance ranges from marketing to promotional tools to site selection and financial packaging.
Assistance retrieving materials and photocopying is available.
Assistance seeks to improve competitiveness.
Assistance takes shape in many forms and is responsive to the unique needs of the people it touches.
Assistance takes the form of database and network development.
Assistance takes the form of scholarships, grants, loans, and on-campus employment.
Assistance There are several ways to get the scoop on cash flow planning.
Assistance using the microform reading equipment is available during service hours .
Assistance varies from project to project.
Assistance varies, depending on property damage, financial situations and insurance coverage.
Assistance varies, from homemakers and senior companions to home repair and renovation.
Assistance always welcome with surveying and recording, occasional excavation work.
Assistance often includes loans and cash incentives to finance energy conservation measures.
Assistance often includes special home improvement offers.
Assistance often includes work on business plans, marketing strategies and financial projections.
Assistance usually takes the form of transportation and help with shopping.
All assistance given on an individual basis is based on verified disaster-caused needs.
All assistance is appreciated.
All assistance is arranged on an individual basis.
All assistance is awarded on a competitive basis.
All assistance is based on a family's ability to pay.
All assistance is based on verified disaster caused needs.
All assistance is based on verified disaster-caused needs.
All assistance is based on verified needs that are a direct result of the disaster.
All assistance is confidential and discreet.
All assistance is confidential.
All assistance is focused on creating new jobs or preserving existing jobs.
All assistance is free and confidential.
All assistance is free and some sites are even equipped to file returns electronically.
All assistance is free and strictly confidential.
All assistance is free of charge to currently enrolled students.
All assistance is free of charge.
All assistance is free on demand and confidential.
All assistance is free.
All assistance is given on an individual basis and is based on the verified disaster-related needs.
All assistance is granted in voucher form and no cash assistance is issued.
All assistance is handled in confidence.
All assistance is means-tested.
All assistance is most welcome.
All assistance is provided and files are maintained in the strictest confidence.
All assistance is provided free of charge.
All assistance is required to make our dreams come true.
All assistance is subject to limitations and appropriations.
All assistance is totally free of charge.
All assistance is volunteered willingly.
All assistance is wecomed and appreciated.
All assistance is welcome.
All assistance provided by the office is confidential and is available by phone or in person.
All assistance remains confidential.
Any assistance given to foreigners, even some that involves mutual benefit, can be dangerous.
ANY assistance is a great encouragement.
Any assistance is appreciated much.
Any assistance is appreciated.
Any assistance is much appreciated.
Any assistance is put to good use.
Any assistance is welcome.
Any assistance received is completely confidential.
Every assistance is given to consultants to ensure that the transition is as smooth as possible.
Every assistance is offered to ensure guests' maximum enjoyment of their holiday stay.
More assistance is at hand.
More assistance is available to more people from more sources.
More assistance is needed as families and the economy change.
Most assistance enables entrepreneurs.
Most assistance is given to small states, especially in the Pacific.
Most assistance is provided as interest free loans with repayment set according to budget surplus.
Most assistance is provided by companies.
Most assistance is provided on-site.
Much assistance is needed and many more opportunities to help exist.
Much assistance is provided in stating the problem during the initial phases of training.
Some assistance comes in the form of tax credits.
Some assistance helps babies.
Some assistance helps crashes.
Some assistance helps institutions.
Some assistance helps life.
Some assistance is also available in the form of tuition waivers for graduate students.
Some assistance is available after hours and on weekends.
Some assistance is available for travel to and from the program.
Some assistance is available in locating volunteer job sites.
Some assistance is available to help meet the costs of caring for children with special needs.
Some assistance is available to help meet the expenses of caring for children with special needs.
Some assistance is awarded on the basis of academic merit and student achievement.
Some assistance is based on insurance, or more specifically lack of it.
Some assistance is free.
Some assistance is needed by most students who have suffered a trauma or loss.
Some assistance is needed.
Some assistance is provided by rescuers.
Some assistance is provided by students.
Some assistance is provided to instructors of credit courses.
Some assistance is provided.
Some assistance is required in one or more steps of personal hygiene.
Assistant buyer is another possible career path for the management trainee position.
Assistant coaches adjust their ties.
Assistant coaches are in their offices, readily available.
Assistant coaches are the backbone of football teams.
Assistant coaches can be chummy with players.
Assistant coaches can be high school age and older.
Assistant coaches come and go.
Assistant coaches have the most consistent and meaningful contact with prospective recruits.
All assistant coaches work and do good jobs, but they have other lives, too.
Most assistant coaches are part-time contract coaches.
Assistant contractors have limited rights.
Assistant contractors have the right to own and use the results they generate under the project.
Assistant cook assists the head cook with preparation for lunch and dinner.
Assistant deans are eligible for extra compensation.
Assistant directors help with tasks.
Most assistant directors help with tasks.
Assistant editors do more than splice film.
Assistant engineers monitor instruments and signals as well as observe the track for obstructions.
Assistant engineers oversee the operation of engines and machinery on their watch.
Assistant engineers stand periodic watches, overseeing the operation of engines and machinery.
Assistant engineers stand periodic watches, overseeing the safe operation of engines and machinery.
Assistant instructors can teach a variety of classes.
Assistant instructors teach independently under the supervision of the course coordinator.
Assistant leaders are usually college sophomores and juniors.
Assistant leaders can help organize activities, provide transportation, etc.
Assistant managers are managers.
Assistant managers report to the general manager several times a week.
Assistant managers supervise dining rooms and bookkeepers manage the financial records.
Assistant positions are sometimes necessary in the afternoon due to lower afternoon enrollment.
Assistant positions ir.
Assistant principal alerts teachers.
Assistant principals aid the principal in the overall administration of the school.
Assistant principals help principals administer the school.
Assistant principals help principals manage schools.
Assistant principals kill people.
Some assistant principal sees men.
Assistant principles are responsible for assigning students to classes.
An assistant professor is a professor
Assistant professors are eligible for tenure.
Assistant professors are professors.
Assistant professors comprise the largest group of tenure track faculty.
Assistant professors mentored by senior faculty members are eligible.
Assistant professors receive one course released time per year for each of the first three years.
Some assistant professors test hypotheses.
Assistant programs require minimum placement scores.
Assistant subculture is also full of arts majors and manager wannabes looking for the next step up.
Assistant superintendent conducts interviews and selects the most qualified controller candidate.
Assistant superintendent makes recommendation to board and contract is awarded.
Assistant teacher has experience in early childhood education.
Assistant teachers are available for special events and occasional classes.
Assistant teachers are workers.
All assistant teachers have bachelor's degrees.
Assistant time is required for production and distribution.
An assistant is a worker
Assistant brings in the doves and rings in the double cover of the pan.
Assistant can be obtain over the phone, via email or in person.
Assistant coaches off-limits.
Assistant isa worker.
Assistant lays down inside of the box and all doors are locked.
Assistant sees breakers, shoal water.
Assistant tells child if the answer is correct or incorrect.
Assistant walks away in a huff.
Assistants act as visual guides and assist with errands and other activities.
Assistants allow for more intimate interaction between catechist and students.
Assistants also bang their brains to develop learning outlets to aid the students' learning process.
Assistants also check the due dates and compute any fines that are owed for late books.
Assistants also gain much from their experiences in classes.
Assistants also have clerical duties.
Assistants also live in residence halls and arrange group activities.
Assistants also record bills that are sent to patients' insurance companies.
Assistants also serve as peer counselors and sources of information for dormitory residents.
Assistants also shoot new slides, mount and computer process labels for slides.
Assistants also study medical law and ethics.
Assistants answer questions, help with apparatus, maintain supplies of reagents, etc.
Assistants are also eligible for tuition scholarships.
Assistants are also responsible for studio clean-up and maintenance.
Assistants are available during all hours to answer questions.
Assistants are available to help participants during class.
Assistants are available to provide instructional support.
Assistants are available to provide services for clients of all ages.
Assistants are capable of hand tools.
Assistants are doctors who tend to work regularly for a practice full or part time.
Assistants are eligible for benefits through the French social security system.
Assistants are eligible for tuition remission.
Assistants are nearby to help users get started.
Assistants are on duty to assist language students.
Assistants are on duty to help students make optimal use of the facilities.
Assistants are on site to answer questions.
Assistants are optional.
Assistants are responsible for their own housing, food, etc.
Assistants are responsible for their own living accommodations.
Assistants are scarce.
Assistants are subject to payroll deductions for income tax and social security tax.
Assistants are trained on jobs.
Assistants are under direct and assigned supervision of regular faculty members or administrators.
Assistants are workers.
Assistants assist in serving and clearing courses.
Assistants attend trips and assist in leading and administering the trip.
Assistants can be a major asset to any business, and can take the profits to a much higher level.
Assistants can be an important addition to a realtor's business.
Assistants can be proxy for several professors.
Assistants can do duties.
Assistants can do routine duties.
Assistants can point out problems, discuss alternatives, and make suggestions.
Assistants can regularly check the site for job openings.
Assistants can take many shapes and forms.
Assistants come by with iced towels and Evian spritzer every hour.
Assistants continually interact with people.
Assistants coordinate and implement directions of the physical therapist and supervise aides.
Assistants develop job duties that are consistent with their personal goals.
Assistants develop personal confidence and decision-making and communication skills.
Assistants direct several other groups.
Assistants display examples for inspection.
Assistants do all work in branches without Attendants.
Assistants do somewhat of the same job except to a less complex and less extensive degree.
Assistants do tasks.
Assistants do what their name implies- they assist.
Assistants excel and become head coaches.
Assistants explain complex issues.
Assistants explain complex medical issues.
Assistants explain issues.
Assistants fill out insurance forms and schedule appointments.
Assistants find themselves engaging in managerial level concerns for the first time.
Assistants flow from one to the other, as do scouts and administrators.
Assistants follow instruction.
Assistants follow rules.
Assistants follow specific rules.
Assistants gain experience, work with, and are supervised by a director or directress.
Assistants gather information.
Assistants generally benefit from subsidized lunches in the school canteen.
Assistants generally teach Introduction to Speech Communication.
Assistants get up to speed fast to help the team succeed.
Assistants have (part) arms.
Assistants have (part) body substances.
Assistants have (part) cell membranes.
Assistants have (part) cells.
Assistants have (part) corpi.
Assistants have (part) cytoplasm.
Assistants have (part) heads.
Assistants have (part) human bodies.
Assistants have (part) legs.
Assistants have (part) material bodies.
Assistants have (part) necks.
Assistants have (part) nuclei.
Assistants have (part) personality.
Assistants have (part) plasma membranes.
Assistants have (part) sections.
Assistants have (part) vacuoles.
Assistants have ability.
Assistants have duties.
Assistants have flexibility.
Assistants have strong ability.
Assistants have to be careful to protect patients and themselves from infection.
Assistants help assess a student's progress by observing performance and recording relevant data.
Assistants help contribute to campus community safety.
Assistants help guide the search in an attempt to provide usable results.
Assistants help in any manner for which they have an ability.
Assistants help patients with the activities and exercises in the program.
Assistants help people with self-care and community living skills, as well.
Assistants help provide the play activities for hospitalized children.
Assistants help the doctor during the exam.
Assistants help the men with heavy suitcases.
Assistants help the user at work, about town and on travel.
Assistants help therapists in evaluating patients to determine patient and family needs.
Assistants help to provide services as directed for the caseloads of speech-language pathologists.
Assistants hired by the client do the tedious work of inputting all the information.
Assistants instruct patients on activities.
Assistants interview people.
Assistants learn duties.
Assistants learn occupations.
Assistants learn while getting hands-on experience and earning extra money.
Assistants leave teams.
Assistants look non-professional.
Assistants maintain and sterilize instruments after use.
Assistants make basic diagnoses and give shots.
Assistants make contributions.
Assistants meet the cost of their return travel, passport and visa, travel and health insurance.
Assistants monitor and keep records of patients' progress.
Assistants need masters.
Assistants normally take two classes each semester and teach one.
Assistants normally teach coursesduring the second year and are closely supervised by the faculty.
Assistants offers a set of computer hand holding builds.
Assistants pay one third of regular in-state tuition.
Assistants pay their own room and board at the workshop site.
Assistants perform necessary tasks.
Assistants perform services.
Assistants perform tasks.
Assistants play roles.
Assistants play significant roles.
Assistants provide chairside and lab assistance to dental students, residents and faculty.
Assistants provide much of the daily treatment.
Assistants provide patients.
Assistants pursue education.
Assistants receive a grant to help cover mobility costs resulting from the assistantship.
Assistants receive a salary based on the time they devote to the project and pay only resident fees.
Assistants receive a salary for their work.
Assistants receive a salary from the French government.
Assistants receive a stipend and a waiver of tuition.
Assistants receive a stipend and are eligible for a tuition scholarship.
Assistants receive a stipend and are eligible for tuition scholarship.
Assistants receive a stipend and full-tuition support.
Assistants receive appropriate training and certification.
Assistants receive free housing and funds to cover travel and food.
Assistants receive mail nine months of the year.
Assistants receive on-site training.
Assistants receive pocket money for their own personal needs and of course free board and lodging.
Assistants receive significant raises and reclassifications only by changing jobs.
Assistants receive tuition remission in return for their work.
Assistants receive tuition support and a stipend.
Assistants scour poor neighborhoods looking for prospective donors.
Assistants select the instruments and materials needed for each patient.
Assistants serve as advisors and assume other responsibilities in the residence halls.
Assistants Serve on committees to help conceive, plan, organize, and achieve successful fundraisers.
Assistants specialize in services.
Assistants supervise students on the playground during the lunch break.
Assistants support fast and clean generation.
Assistants take and develop dental x-rays and record patient histories and blood pressures.
Assistants take measurements.
Assistants take medical histories and record vital signs.
Assistants take, develop, duplicate, and mount x-ray films.
Assistants teach a four-credit course of elementary calculus or perform comparable duties.
Assistants teach activities and provide encouragement.
Assistants teach composition, basic composition or work as writing tutors in the writing lab.
Assistants teach composition, basic composition or work in the writing lab.
Assistants to join teams.
Assistants to perform duties.
Assistants to perform such duties.
Assistants treat animals.
Assistants use technology.
Assistants wear gloves, glasses, and masks to protect themselves from infectious diseases.
Assistants weigh four grades of grain.
Assistants work as part of the Marketing team assisting with marketing plans.
Assistants work directly with a faculty member in research or class work.
Assistants work in homes.
Assistants work in nurse homes.
Assistants work in operate rooms.
Assistants work in rooms.
Assistants work on teams.
Assistants work split shifts, covering both morning and afternoon hours.
Assistants work under supervision.
Assistants work under the supervision of the chemistry faculty and are selected by the department.
Assistants work under the supervision of the physics faculty and are selected by the department.
Assistants work with a faculty member to support classroom instruction.
Assistants work with faculty in conducting classes, grading papers, and doing library research.
Assistants work with faculty members.
Assistants work with judicial affairs for residence halls performing clerical support.
Assistants work with marketing, volunteer coordination, and mailings.
Assistants work with members.
Assistants working one-quarter time receive half their tuition.
Assistants often have considerable freedom to choose their own hours.
Assistants often have considerable freedom to chose their own hours.
All assistants are eligible for thirteen days of noncumulative sick leave each appointment year.
All assistants receive broadly based training, in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere.
All assistants receive health insurance.
Many assistants are in entry-level jobs.
Many assistants hold entry level jobs.
Many assistants hold entry-level jobs.
Most assistants also qualify for tuition scholarships.
Most assistants are in eighth grade.
Most assistants are trained on jobs.
Most assistants can do duties.
Most assistants can do routine duties.
Most assistants do move on to do more professional things later.
Most assistants do tasks.
Most assistants explain complex issues.
Most assistants explain complex medical issues.
Most assistants explain issues.
Most assistants follow instruction.
Most assistants follow rules.
Most assistants follow specific rules.
Most assistants gather information.
Most assistants have ability.
Most assistants have duties.
Most assistants have flexibility.
Most assistants have strong ability.
Most assistants interview people.
Most assistants learn duties.
Most assistants learn occupations.
Most assistants leave teams.
Most assistants leave their work at work.
Most assistants make contributions.
Most assistants perform necessary tasks.
Most assistants perform services.
Most assistants perform tasks.
Most assistants play roles.
Most assistants play significant roles.
Most assistants provide patients.
Most assistants pursue education.
Most assistants specialize in services.
Most assistants take measurements.
Most assistants treat animals.
Most assistants use technology.
Most assistants work a regular week, with some working evenings and weekends.
Most assistants work in homes.
Most assistants work in nurse homes.
Most assistants work in operate rooms.
Most assistants work in rooms.
Most assistants work on teams.
Most assistants work under supervision.
Most assistants work with faculty members.
Most assistants work with members.
Some assistants accompany hunters.
Some assistants carry out therapy.
Some assistants collaborate with physicians.
Some assistants deal with patients.
Some assistants encourage students.
Some assistants examine children.
Some assistants grow up in business.
Some assistants handle animals.
Some assistants handle billing and bookkeeping.
Some assistants have clipboards.
Some assistants have education.
Some assistants have expanded functions.
Some assistants have full responsibility.
Some assistants have ranges.
Some assistants have responsibility.
Some assistants hold orangutans.
Some assistants hold pigs.
Some assistants know techniques.
Some assistants learn their skills on the job.
Some assistants make observations.
Some assistants manage doctorsoffices by ordering supplies and equipment.
Some assistants meet requirements.
Some assistants move animals.
Some assistants report inspectors.
Some assistants restrain dogs.
Some assistants snap pictures.
Some assistants support editors.
Some assistants treat injuries.
Some assistants treat minor injuries.
Some assistants use instruments.
Some assistants use medical instruments.
Some assistants use paperclips.
Some assistants visit homes.
Some assistants visit nurse homes.
Some assistants wear glass.
Some assistants wear safety glass.
Some assistants work for more than one dental office.
Some assistants work in areas.
Some assistants work in care.
Some assistants work in clinics.
Some assistants work in primary care.
Some assistants work in surgery.
Some assistants work nights.
Some assistants work part time, evenings, or weekends.
Some assistants work with dentists.
Assisted care is a wonderful solution while it lasts.
Assisted conversions team with reductions in time required for conversions.
Assisted death is a broader term.
Assisted fertility offers hope for an expanded family.
Assisted hikes are available using horses, llamas, or other pack animals.
Assisted immigrants arrive in Wellington on a calm, sunny day.
Assisted insemination involves injecting sperm into the vagina, cervix, uterus or fallopian tube.
Assisted living appears to be growing as a long-term care option.
Assisted living makes such economic sense.
Assisted living promotes consumer control and choice in health care decisions.
Assisted management is a lot harder for wildlife in game reserves than for livestock.
Most assisted openers use flippers as their opening mechanism.
Assisted reproduction calls for sensitivity to the value of human life.
Assisted reproduction includes today a number of different techniques.
Assisted reproduction is ethically wrong because it renders children into articles of commerce.
Assisted sales is a growing area of importance for the no-load funds in Denver.
Assisted service is only available during defined business hours.
Assisted speed can take the form of downhill running, towing, and other assorted methods.
Assisted suicide has great potential for abuse.
Assisted suicide is a Class C felony.
Assisted suicide is a Class D felony.
Assisted suicide is a crime.
Assisted suicide is a felony in Missouri.
Assisted suicide is a form of elder suicide, and part of the problem.
Assisted suicide is a topic that continues to attract significant public interest.
Assisted suicide is also legal in Albania and Luxembourg.
Assisted suicide is 'bad for medicine'.
Assisted suicide is based on ideology, as opposed to medical urgency.
Assisted suicide is death by doctor-prescribed drugs that the terminally ill patient swallows.
Assisted suicide is distinguished from active euthanasia.
Assisted suicide is illegal in most countries that have laws on suicide.
Assisted suicide is illegal.
Assisted suicide is just a matter of choice.
Assisted suicide is legal in Oregon.
Assisted suicide is often in the news.
Assisted suicide is one form of voluntary euthanasia.
Assisted suicide is opposed.
Assisted suicide is second base, helping the chronic and terminally ill end their lives.
Assisted suicide is suicide committed with the aid of another person, sometimes a physician.
Assisted suicide is suicide
Assisted suicide is suicide.
Assisted suicide is the act of ending one's life with the assistance of another individual.
Assisted suicide is the most compassionate solution for a suffering person.
Assisted suicide is very different.
Assisted suicide kills a human being, but there is another victim.
Assisted suicide straddles the line between active and passive euthanasia.
Assisted suicide undermines good pain management.
Assisted suicide violates respect for life, says doctor .
Assisted suicides are rare, survey of doctors finds.
Assisted support is also available on all of our services, at no extra charge to our members.
Assisted transportation is available.
Assisted trips supervisor in planning afternoon trip activities.
Assisted ventilation can often reverse such complications, at least temporarily.
Assisted ventilation is required in any patient with poor ventilatory effort or apnea.
Assistive animals are welcome.
Assistive devices are a helpful aid for blind and visually impaired people.
Assistive devices are available for rent.
Assistive devices are available from a wide variety of sources.
Assistive devices are available only through authorized vendors.
Assistive devices are available which help ease the difficulty.
Assistive devices are helpful products that improve a person's ability to function independently.
Assistive devices are in a dynamic state of redevelopment.
Assistive devices are preventive and have the potential to increase an individual's independence.
Assistive devices are to ensure that people with disabilities are active in society.
Assistive devices can be simple or complex.
Assistive devices can help maintain the patient's mobility and quality of life.
Assistive devices can help persons with disabilities perform many activities of daily living.
Assistive devices can help.
Assistive devices can make tasks at home and work easier.
Assistive devices help patients fill out forms and allow consultation with health care providers.
Assistive devices help students with disabilities maximize learning potential.
Assistive devices provide stability but also affect gait.
Assistive devices range considerably in price.
All assistive devices have some educational quality that is beneficial.
Many assistive devices are available to persons with disabilities.
Assistive equipment is available for use on the premises.
Assistive headsets are available for no cost at every performance.
Assistive software is highly dependent on the individual hardware components.
Assistive systems are no better than the sound being supplied to the system.
Assistive technologies are an essential but understudied part of the long-term care system.
Assistive technologies are often the ideal solution.
Assistive technologies can allow the learner to adapt to the curriculum.
Assistive technologies read a table column by column.
Assistive technology can be a component of that training.
Assistive technology can be a vehicle to help students meet their goals and improve literacy skills.
Assistive technology can be a very complex and multifaceted field.
Assistive technology can be an invaluable componentin the lives of individuals with disabilities.
Assistive technology can be high tech or simple gadgets for improving lives of the disabled.
Assistive technology can be overwhelming.
Assistive technology can compensate for their lost phyiscal abilities.
Assistive technology can enable a child to explore and manipulate their physical environment.
Assistive technology can facilitate interactioin between people.
Assistive technology can stretch a hearing aid's capability.
Assistive technology can take many forms, simple and complex.
Assistive technology comes in all shapes and forms, it is basic creativity and ingenuity at work.
Assistive technology enables a person with a disability to do a task more quickly and easily.
Assistive technology enables an individual with a disability to be more independent.
Assistive technology frees kids from their learning disabilities.
Assistive technology has many forms.
Assistive technology helps people do things.
Assistive technology helps people of all ages and disabilities.
Assistive technology helps people with disabilities make use of their abilities.
Assistive technology helps people with physical, mental, or age-related disabilities.
Assistive technology improves the quality of life for many with disabilities.
Assistive technology includes a wide range of low and high technology options.
Assistive technology includes both assistive technology devices and assistive technology services.
Assistive technology includes devices and services that help people in their daily lives.
Assistive technology includes devices, aides and enhancements used in rehabilitation technology.
Assistive technology includes wheelchairs, reading machines, devices for grasping, etc.
Assistive technology increases a child's ability to learn, work, play, and interact with others.
Assistive technology increases the independence and productivity of people with disabilities.
Assistive technology is a lifelong process.
Assistive technology is a means rather than an end in itself.
Assistive technology is a necessary part of the transition process.
Assistive technology is a tool.
Assistive technology is an option to help young children communicate.
Assistive technology is any device or assistive aid which provides access toward independence.
Assistive technology is any tool that helps a person with a disability be more able.
Assistive technology is as much a process as well as it is a product.
Assistive technology is big business.
Assistive technology is critical when considering and accommodating transition services.
Assistive technology is designed to help individual students access the mainstream curriculum.
Assistive technology is devices for students with disabilities.
Assistive technology is incorporated to allow students more control over their environment.
Assistive technology is integrated into the curriculum and daily activities of the student.
Assistive technology is just one strategy.
Assistive technology is nothing mysterious or magical.
Assistive technology is often prohibitively expensive.
Assistive technology is on the cutting-edge of the established field of rehabilitation.
Assistive technology is only one of many choices to be considered.
Assistive technology is provided at no cost to the parents.
Assistive technology is provided in a team approach.
Assistive technology is represents both process and product.
Assistive technology is still a very new area.
Assistive technology is the use of various devices which allow a person to complete essential tasks.
Assistive technology is used in some form or another by everyone in society on a regular basis.
Assistive technology is very natural to occupational therapy.
Assistive technology levels the playing field for people with disabilities.
Assistive technology makes that access possible.
Assistive technology plays an important role in the lives of people who are deaf or hard of hearing.
Assistive technology provides ability to work for many persons today.
Assistive technology represents a wide range of products and services.
Assistive technology serves many functions specifically for physically challenged individuals.
Assistive technology works exactly the same way.
All assistive technology is expensive.
Most assistive technology provides specialized interfaces to commonly used computer services.
Some assistive technologies are dependent user agents.
Some assistive technology is also available in the open access computer labs.
Some assistive technology is relatively simple and cheap.
Associate agencies receive designations only.
Associate appointments are for three to five years, renewable, subject to mutual agreement.
Associate architects are NBBJ of Seattle, Washington.
Associate assessors are full members of the inspection team.
Some associate autonomy is with freedom.
Associate beginning sounds with letters.
Associate communities receive limited services in the same categories.
Associate compensation is comparable to other area firms of similar size and practice.
Associate compensation is extremely competitive in the Century City area.
Associate deans serve in a nonvoting, ex officio capacity.
Associate deans serve in a non-voting, ex officio capacity.
An associate degree is a degree
Associate degree is preferred.
Associate degrees are also available in criminal justice and public affairs.
Associate degrees are available after completion of a two-year program.
Associate degrees are available in a variety of business and health care administration fields.
Associate degrees are available in both program options as well as certificates of achievement.
Associate degrees earn one half the credit as a bachelor s degree in the same field.
Associate degrees receive one-half of the credit available to a bachelor's degree in the same field.
Associate degrees substitute for the major.
Associate degrees take four semesters of full-time study to complete.
Associate degrees take years.
Most associate degrees take years.
Associate director serves as deputy to the executive director.
Associate diversity translates into customer satisfaction.
Associate editors are also responsible for specific manuscript reviews as assigned by the editor.
Associate editors have the authority to approve manuscripts for publication.
Associate editors haves the authority to approve manuscripts for publication.
Associate engagements are available in all areas of business, both with large and small companies .
Associate evaluations are subjective and are often influenced by factors unrelated to performance.
Associate families get a monthly newsletter, can attend all activities, and use the resource center.
Associate fellows receive equipment, software, and technical support appropriate to the project.
Associate investigators have less responsibility for or partial involvement in the project.
Associate involvement assures our way of life.
Associate judges serve for four years before reappointment.
Associate judges serve four-year terms.
Associate letter sounds with vocabulary.
Associate member is a spouse or one second adult residing in the Principal member s home.
Associate member receives only tournament card, no membership packet.
Associate members act as mirror sites for the full members of the network.
Associate members are additional employees of the member organization.
Associate members are all other individuals in agreement with the association's objectives.
Associate members are also eligible for health insurance benefits.
Associate members are also in England and Holland.
Associate members are either individuals, businesses, or other organizations.
Associate members are eligible for all rights and privileges.
Associate members are eligible for committee membership.
Associate members are eligible for most benefits of the organization.
Associate members are eligible to attend all except closed meetings and participate in discussions.
Associate members are eligible to become full members at the descretion of the current membership.
Associate members are eligible to vote, but are unable to hold office.
Associate members are for-profit companies that sell services, equipment, or supplies to members.
Associate members are full-time employees of a sponsoring agent member.
Associate members are industrial suppliers.
Associate members are ineligible to vote or hold office.
Associate members are medical professionals, caregivers, medical suppliers, and other associations.
Associate members are members only of the national organization.
Associate members are non-college graduates.
Associate members are non-officiating members.
Associate members are nonvegetarians.
Associate members are nonvoting members.
Associate members are non-voting members.
Associate members are non-voting.
Associate members are normally resident overseas.
Associate members are people who have an interest in the police department and lodge's well being.
Associate members are persons affiliated on a non-voting basis.
Associate members are professional in allied fields.
Associate members are suppliers and sub-contractors.
Associate members are suppliers to the industry.
Associate members are vendors of products and services to the rental housing industry.
Associate members are vendors to the industry and to one another.
Associate members are welcome from anywhere outside Ontario.
Associate members become eligible for full membership once they meet the requirements listed above.
Associate members bring supporters of the arts into the fraternity.
Associate members can apply to become a full member after a year.
Associate members can mingle informally or fully participate in the workshop discussions.
Associate members can participate in task groups.
Associate members come from across the U.S. and around the world.
Associate members consist of firms in allied industries.
Associate members cover virtually the entire marketing and distribution channels for U.S. rice.
Associate members develop special projects.
Associate members enjoy all benefits, except the right to vote or hold office.
Associate members enjoy all the privileges of regular members.
Associate members enjoy trade preferences and are gradually converging towards full member status.
Associate members enjoy voting privileges.
Associate members have a more general interest in pediatric health surveillance.
Associate members have access to center resources through collaborations with full members.
Associate members have all benefits of membership except voting and holding office.
Associate members have all privileges of the association, except the right to vote and hold office.
Associate members have all rights and privileges of Regular members, except voting.
Associate members have all rights and privileges of the club except voting or holding office.
Associate members have all rights associated with regular membership except voting rights.
Associate members have all the privileges of active members except voting and holding office.
Associate members have all the privileges of active members.
Associate members have all the privileges of membership except holding state office.
Associate members have all the privileges of membership except the right to vote.
Associate members have all the rights and privileges of membership except voting and holding office.
Associate members have all the rights of members except the right to vote.
Associate members have five years in which to obtain the status of certified members.
Associate members have full access to the clinical health collection.
Associate members have full voting privileges in the organization.
Associate members have interest in the purpose of the organization.
Associate members have limited experience in translation or interpretation.
Associate members have no guest accommodations.
Associate members have no renewal fees.
Associate members have no restrictions.
Associate members have no voting privileges, nor are they eligible to hold office in the club.
Associate members have no voting privileges.
Associate members have no voting rights nor can hold office.
Associate members have no voting rights.
Associate members have priority over regular members as spares.
Associate members have second priority for beam time.
Associate members have the right to attend meetings and speak on motions.
Associate members have the same privileges as full members except for the right to hold office.
Associate members have unlimited training privileges.
Associate members lack significant, meaningful participation in the organization's exempt functions.
Associate members participate fully in the working sessions of the meetings.
Associate members pay a flat fee.
Associate members pay a nominal fee to join.
Associate members pay a yearly fee.
Associate members pay higher dues than do regular members, yet receive fewer benefits.
Associate members pay the full international per capita fee and regional assessments.
Associate members produce adhesives, substrates, equipment, and laminated products.
Associate members provide services to the fund of funds industry.
Associate members provide support services.
Associate members provide support.
Associate members receive a certificate, membership card, and decals .
Associate members receive a certificate, membership card, and decals.
Associate members receive all benefits excepting voting and serving as an officer.
Associate members receive all benefits save voting priveleges.
Associate members receive almost all of the member benefits.
Associate members receive complimentary SRA paraphernalia and our newsletter.
Associate members receive information on free listings each spring.
Associate members receive most all of the member benefits.
Associate members receive only funds designated specifically to their organization.
Associate members receive training benefits, access to specific online amenities only.
Associate members recieve newsletters only .
Associate members represent various legal publishing and information service vendors.
Associate members serve one-year renewable terms.
Associate members serve one-year terms and can renew their positions for up to three years.
Associate members share in the undertakings as fully as their circumstances permit.
Associate members supply products and services to the active members.
Associate members undergo the same simple membership process as active members.
Associate members work in picture libraries and other media organisations.
All associate members are welcome.
All associate members have one vote.
Associate membership allows for limited participation of countries with limited resources.
Associate membership can be either individual or corporate.
Associate membership can be strictly a correspondence matter, with no physical presence required.
Associate membership carries no voting rights.
Associate membership continues for six years with reappointment possible after departmental review.
Associate membership ends upon graduation or promotion to regular membership.
Associate membership entitles a company to one primary and one alternate representative.
Associate membership expires after one year, unless circumstances cause early termination.
Associate membership has no degree or membership requirements.
Associate membership has other benefits as well.
Associate membership includes all membership benefits, except a vote at the national level.
Associate membership includes all the privileges except voting, holding office or chairmanships.
Associate membership includes all the privileges except voting, holding office, or chairmanships.
Associate membership is a low-cost way to obtain valuable information, advice, and support.
Associate membership is achieved on completing an application form and paying the subscription.
Associate membership is all that is required.
Associate membership is also available for non-educators.
Associate membership is also available to anyone interested in the subject.
Associate membership is also available to anyone who works with children.
Associate membership is also available to individuals and corporations interested in school health.
Associate membership is also available to non-H winners.
Associate membership is also available to persons working in a direct service role.
Associate membership is also available to science majors.
Associate membership is also available.
Associate membership is available at the chapter level only.
Associate membership is available at the master's-level.
Associate membership is available for a fee on application.
Associate membership is available for allied health professionals.
Associate membership is available for general practitioners and other consultants outside London.
Associate membership is available for grand parents, aunts and uncles.
Associate membership is available for non-citizens.
Associate membership is available for our local area only.
Associate membership is available for primary care organisations.
Associate membership is available for students pursuing such a degree.
Associate membership is available for younger people or noncitizens.
Associate membership is available for younger people or non-citizens.
Associate membership is available to all amateurs.
Associate membership is available to all people with an interest in sports medicine.
Associate membership is available to all students.
Associate membership is available to any applicant on payment of a fee.
Associate membership is available to any other diocesan vocation office worldwide.
Associate membership is available to any other interested jurisdication.
Associate membership is available to any person interested in public education.
Associate membership is available to anyone who has an interest in educational leadership.
Associate membership is available to anyone who is interested in joining.
Associate membership is available to attorneys and related services.
Associate membership is available to both full or international members.
Associate membership is available to certain individuals.
Associate membership is available to classified staff and other interested parties.
Associate membership is available to everyone.
Associate membership is available to hearing people.
Associate membership is available to individuals.
Associate membership is available to investigators before they qualify for active membership.
Associate membership is available to law students.
Associate membership is available to men without the proper hereditary qualifications.
Associate membership is available to non-Catholic entities.
Associate membership is available to non-H winners.
Associate membership is available to others.
Associate membership is available to related library organizations.
Associate membership is available to staff and to students of other institutions.
Associate membership is available to students, educators, attorneys, and judges.
Associate membership is available to students.
Associate membership is available to suppliers of products and services to nursing.
Associate membership is available to the additional members in the same household.
Associate membership is designed for people who already have close links to the legal profession.
Associate membership is determined by the payment of dues.
Associate membership is entry level.
Associate membership is for full-time apprentices with less than five years in the profession.
Associate membership is for people who are members of other professional organizations.
Associate membership is FREE .
Associate membership is granted for a term of five years.
Associate membership is held by business publications, consultants and systems simulators.
Associate membership is limited to three years.
Associate membership is limited to two years.
Associate membership is offered for two people living in the same household.
Associate membership is offered to enterprises outside the region.
Associate membership is on a trail basis.
Associate membership is open to academic staff.
Associate membership is open to administrators, educators, and former board members.
Associate membership is open to all former agents.
Associate membership is open to all health care practitioners, with a discounted rate for students.
Associate membership is open to all other individuals.
Associate membership is open to all other interested persons.
Associate membership is open to all others who support our mission.
Associate membership is open to all others.
Associate membership is open to all private schools and corporate members.
Associate membership is open to all students with an interest in the biological sciences.
Associate membership is open to all veterans, family members, friends, and the general public.
Associate membership is open to all with an interest in transit history.
Associate membership is open to all.
Associate membership is open to alumni, faculty and staff members.
Associate membership is open to any individual interested in advancing the goals of the association.
Associate membership is open to any institution of higher learning or any Illinois library system.
Associate membership is open to any other company.
Associate membership is open to any other person as accepted by the membership.
Associate membership is open to any person directly or indirectly concerned with neonatal nursing.
Associate membership is open to any service organization that works with the fund of funds industry.
Associate membership is open to any undergraduate with an interest in the life sciences.
Associate membership is open to anyone else who supports our objectives.
Associate membership is open to anyone interested in administrative law.
Associate membership is open to anyone interested in Biology.
Associate membership is open to anyone interested in bookbinding.
Associate membership is open to anyone interested in improving the fire service.
Associate membership is open to anyone interested in participating.
Associate membership is open to anyone interested in the profession.
Associate membership is open to anyone upon payment of the prescribed fee.
Associate membership is open to anyone with an interest in breastfeeding.
Associate membership is open to anyone.
Associate membership is open to businesses and others who are interested in school business.
Associate membership is open to certain for profit schools and other allied institutions.
Associate membership is open to dependents of active dues paying members.
Associate membership is open to faculty, staff, administrators, and alumni.
Associate membership is open to firms providing a service to the food industry.
Associate membership is open to gastroenterologists who reside outside the state of Texas.
Associate membership is open to individuals and organisations that are sympathetic to vegetarianism.
Associate membership is open to individuals from all countries.
Associate membership is open to non-citizens.
Associate membership is open to non-licensed persons.
Associate membership is open to organizations, agencies, and businesses.
Associate membership is open to other members of the community.
Associate membership is open to persons who engage in activities related to the wine industry.
Associate membership is open to private and public sector organizations.
Associate membership is open to professionals in other areas of long-term care.
Associate membership is open to professionals in related areas.
Associate membership is open to psychologists without a doctorate working in research.
Associate membership is open to schools, clubs and other societies.
Associate membership is open to statutory and profit-distributing organisations.
Associate membership is open to students currently enrolled in a paralegal program.
Associate membership is open to superintendents.
Associate membership is open to the wife or husband of a full member.
Associate membership is provided for high schools and trade schools.
Associate membership is the great, risk-free way to experience the Biomatch method.
Associate membership is treated as a donation, and is tax deductible.
Associate membership lasts for a maximum of five years.
Associate membership provides a certificate of membership, and periodic newsletters.
Associate membership provides equal rights to all members, new and old.
Associate memberships are also available for new practitioners and graduate students.
Associate memberships are also available for qualified persons, firms, or corporations.
Associate memberships are also available for the same prices listed above.
Associate memberships are also available.
Associate memberships are annual and renewable on the anniversary date of initial dues payment.
Associate memberships are available for interested individuals.
Associate memberships are available for non-published writers.
Associate memberships are available for other interested persons.
Associate memberships are available for signing up additional employees.
Associate memberships are available for spouses, etc. same fee.
Associate memberships are available to businesses and private individuals.
Associate memberships are available to faculty and administrative personnel.
Associate memberships are available to freshmen and first semester transfer students.
Associate memberships are available to individuals, organizations, families and others.
Associate memberships are available to members of other Ottawa congregations.
Associate memberships are available to specified groups including active duty marines and authors.
Associate memberships are available.
Associate memberships are for one year only.
Associate memberships are non-voting entities.
Associate memberships are open to anyone in an allied field.
Associate memberships are open to anyone interested in prints.
Associate memberships enjoy all member benefits.
Associate memberships have no age or gender restrictions.
Associate mentors are typically former summer associates themselves.
Associate missionaries are an essential part of tribal evangelism.
Associate of Arts are two-year degrees primarily for continuation to a baccalaureate degree.
Associate offices are handsome and roomy, with plenty of storage space.
Associate offices are in Montana, Virginia and Ontario.
Associate offices handle client service requirements farther to the north of Africa.
Associate organization reports.
Associate partners submit case studies and assess the results.
Associate positions are full-time, paid employment opportunities.
Associate positions are on a commission basis, full or part time.
Associate press reporters contribute to stories.
Associate productivity is key to the company's financial success.
An associate professor is a professor
Associate professors are eligible for tenure.
Associate professors are professors.
Many associate professors are unsure about what is needed for full professorship.
Some associate professors stay at that level by their own informed choice.
Associate program is open to everyone.
Associate programs are a working example of how an Internet economy can work.
Associate programs are also a great way to earn extra revenue while adding new content.
Associate programs are available and set-up to customer likings.
Associate programs are free to join with a straight commission structure.
Associate programs are great for both the parent and the affiliate.
Associate programs are revenue sharing programs.
Associate programs can be a convenient way of filling the unsold gaps.
Associate programs resource.
Many associate programs are here.
Most associate programs have a minimum amount they'll cut a check for.
Some associate programs prove to be difficult and frustrating to make money.
Associate proteins equal meat.
Associate salaries are competitive with other Sacramento firms of similar size and stature.
Associate schools can upgrade their students by changing their teaching program.
Associate sites welcome, FREE signup.
Associate sponsorship provides an affordable first step for companies.
Associate sponsorships are also available and information is available by contacting the team.
Associate sponsorships are available.
Associate sponsorships are now available.
Associate staff are eligible to receive a waiver of tuition fees for one credit course per year.
Associate status is open to all nationally and internationally.
Associate teams come hitherward to grant our prayers .
Associate users have their own user name , their own password, their own email address.
Associate users have their own user name, their own password, and their own distinct email address.
Associate users have their own user name, their own password, their own email address.
An associate is a peer
Associate sounds with any filter.
Associate sounds with pictures.
Associates access the Web through a local internet service provider.
Associates act as a primary analyst for a portfolio of credits.
Associates also contribute to local community life.
Associates also coordinate the activities of analysts working on the transaction.
Associates also have access to free banners, buttons, and images to use on their web sites.
Associates also participate in firm management .
Associates also participate in management .
Associates also raise money through car washes and bowling, basketball and softball tournaments.
Associates also receive a mid-year review during their first year at the firm.
Associates also receive mentoring and coaching on sales performance and selling skills.
Associates are accompaniments.
Associates are active in community life and contribute work and support to the community.
Associates are also eligible for a discretionary performance bonus paid at year end.
Associates are also eligible for consideration for a discretionary year-end bonus.
Associates are also eligible for override compensation on sales made by their downline associates.
Associates are community groups and History societies.
Associates are companies providing products and services to the industry.
Associates are confederates, and our arrangement is informal.
Associates are either attorneys, CPAs or financial planners with securities licensing.
Associates are eligible for a performance bonus in their second and subsequent years.
Associates are eligible for annual merit increases, as well as in-program promotions and bonuses.
Associates are eligible for bonuses.
Associates are eligible for monetary cash awards for suggestions submitted to the committee.
Associates are eligible to have their paycheck deposited into a maximum of two banking facilities.
Associates are few and far between.
Associates are financially self-supported or helped through churches and interested individuals.
Associates are fluent in Greek and in English.
Associates are free to choose the projects they accept.
Associates are free to spend the remainder of the time pursuing their own projects.
Associates are free to visit the site as often as they want to.
Associates are friends and collaborators.
Associates are generally eligible to be considered for partnership after eight years of practice.
Associates are independent in the provision of their professional services.
Associates are involved in a nonunion grievance procedure in an advisory role.
Associates are male and female, old and young, single and married.
Associates are men learning to be men.
Associates are more connected than ever before.
Associates are on the West Coast , London, and Paris.
Associates are peers.
Associates are people who work together.
Associates are probably in the long term plan.
Associates are responsible for developing the analytics and writing the computer code.
Associates are simply non-student members of the colleges.
Associates are subordinates.
Associates are term contract employees.
Associates are the source of our company's strength.
Associates are welcome at many regional community gatherings.
Associates are welcome to stay longer at their own expense.
Associates are welcome.
Associates are well trained, highly motivated, and work in a much-improved industrial environment.
Associates aspire to live the Franciscan values of simplicity, poverty, humility, and contemplation.
Associates assemble components at one of the many work stations within the factory.
Associates average more experience and more sales per agent than other real estate professionals.
Associates become employees again.
Associates bhajati .
Associates call the Greenville native a prominent visionary in the American theater community.
Associates can attend and plan events, hold social events and organize service projects.
Associates can choose to dodge work, acknowledges one insider.
Associates can connect anytime to the company's central system for a variety of personal reports.
Associates can display their products to the membership.
Associates can download all sorts of baking related material.
Associates can earn a free virtual server.
Associates can expect to work for six to eight years before being considered for partnership.
Associates can hold an office as an associate member.
Associates can lead a larger team of support staff, colleagues and clients.
Associates can make donations through payroll deduction or an automated telephone processing system.
Associates can obtain builder mailing lists.
Associates can receive news, publications and attend special events.
Associates can skim the handbook for areas that best satisfy their needs.
Associates can upgrade to a paid membership with ease.
Associates choose either a one-year assignment in New York or return to their office of hire.
Associates collaborate to arrive at best value solutions.
Associates continue their life in the world while sharing the particular chrism of the congregation.
Associates continue to receive their regular salaries from their departments while on appointment.
Associates cooperate with the entomology section staff on many types of projects.
Associates CPA s.
Associates datum with key in hash-table and returns an unspecified result.
Associates datum with key in rb-tree and returns an unspecified value.
Associates datum with key in wt-tree and returns an unspecified value.
Associates degree with either legal or human resources course work required.
Associates differ and each associate job search is individual and different than the next.
Associates do say that they retain a great amount of control over assignments.
Associates eagerly look forward to the latest tour offerings of their favorite leaders.
Associates earn a realistic salary during the partnership.
Associates earn money from commissions, consulting, training and bookkeeping.
Associates end their membership upon leaving school, unless upgraded to active status.
Associates end their membership when they graduate or leave school.
Associates engage with strong affiliates to build institutional capacity.
Associates enjoy public recognition and limited invitations to all CASA events and performances.
Associates enjoy the lowest registration fees of any physician members.
Associates enroll in four six-month semesters of course work.
Associates find their informal feedback tremendously valuable.
Associates fit in nicely wearing jeans and bandanas.
Associates fly a navy blue pennant, with a red and white shield.
Associates form a general class of membership.
Associates gain more responsibility as their level of experience increases.
Associates gain recognition, and doctors get access to information.
Associates get a chance to see the company work environment and interact with company team members.
Associates get a customized cobranded site with good statistics,support and reporting possibilities.
Associates Get free sample nameplate labels.
Associates have a bit undefined status.
Associates have a broad range of experience in public and private-sector work.
Associates have a special place in the Mercy community.
Associates have a voice and are able to vote and pass motions in all chapter meetings.
Associates have a vote upon signing of their bid card.
Associates have a wide range of investment funds to choose from.
Associates have access to a host of benefits to cover medical, dental and vision care.
Associates have all rights of membership excluding the right to vote and hold office.
Associates have all the rights and privileges of active physician members except the right to vote.
Associates have an equal vote on all appointed committees and councils, and in referendums.
Associates have career progression and promotion.
Associates have choice of practice area.
Associates have expertise in federal crimes including crimes with regard to taxes.
Associates have extensive experience in the central areas of higher education administration.
Associates have flexibility in choosing their career paths.
Associates have limited collections.
Associates have no voting rights.
Associates have revenue responsibilities and are shareholders in the company.
Associates have significant client contact and responsibility early in their careers.
Associates have the flexibility to create marketing plans to suit individual seller's circumstances.
Associates have the same entitlement.
Associates have the status of visiting scientists or engineers during their period of tenure.
Associates have unique capabilities developed through years of practice.
Associates help run and have access to sober ride services.
Associates help with object .
Associates initially practicing in two areas select one area at the end of their first year.
Associates interact directly with the clients and opposing counsel from the very outset.
Associates join free and get an instant personalised website.
Associates keep up the good work.
Associates laud the firm s offices.
Associates lead the industry in experience, advanced real estate education and production.
Associates learn math in a developmental, activity-based program.
Associates live and consult throughout the United States and Canada.
Associates look forward to future projects to better serve the community.
Associates meet weekly with a colleague to discuss their current project.
Associates normally claim their travel expenses through the company.
Associates occasionally transfer from one section to another.
Associates offer consultations, technical support, demonstrations and facility tours.
Associates offers special balloon gifts which are a bit novel and always very well received.
Associates operate primarily in their own region and co-operate as a team.
Associates otherwise enjoy all the rights, privileges, and responsibilities of membership.
Associates participate actively in the work of the committees.
Associates participate in technical operations.
Associates participate on various firm committees and in practice and client development activities.
Associates pay part of their fees to the owner of the practice.
Associates practicing in two areas select one area at the end of their first year.
Associates present their findings in both a written and oral report.
Associates prides itself on providing a family-oriented employee environment.
Associates propose and run outdoor events and participate in events run by others.
Associates provide better service for customers and extra income for themselves.
Associates provide expertise in all aspects of human resources management.
Associates provide French translation, graphic design and typesetting.
Associates provides a full range of commercial Web site development services.
Associates provides business development resources and information support services.
Associates provides commercial Web site software and design services.
Associates publishes first monograph.
Associates range in age from students in high school and college to men already pursuing careers.
Associates receive a detailed formal evaluation annually.
Associates receive a high degree of responsibility.
Associates receive a salary and a discretionary bonus at year-end.
Associates receive an annual evaluation.
Associates receive an annual marketing budget and an annual continuing legal education budget.
Associates receive an office and support services but no stipend.
Associates receive annual formal evaluations.
Associates receive discounted meals at any of our hospital facilities.
Associates receive evaluations twice during their first year and once each year thereafter.
Associates receive formal annual performance reviews.
Associates receive free phone support on any employment tools they use for the first thirty days.
Associates receive informal critiques from the partners supervising their work.
Associates receive life insurance, vacation and other benefits.
Associates receive none of the group benefits including the use of the site in non-hazardous times.
Associates receive paid vacation based on years of service.
Associates receive paid vacation on the following schedule, based on length of service.
Associates receive the library's annual report and semi-annual newsletter.
Associates receive the same benefits as newspapers.
Associates recertify every two years.
Associates regularly participate in district and appellate proceedings throughout the country.
Associates remain financially independent of the congregation .
Associates repeat that they are treated professionally.
Associates report getting an offer about a week after the callbacks.
Associates retain the right to any scholarly materials developed, consistent with agency guidelines.
Associates reviewing each design are experts in their field.
Associates say that the firm is a big stickler about grades.
Associates say that the firm is generally looking for personality fit during the interviews.
Associates scan and record the customers' purchases while they're in line.
Associates see what's in, what's out, what's new, hot, and happening.
Associates serve as assistants to more experienced staff and visiting faculty or experts.
Associates serve on some of the firm's key committees, including the recruiting committee.
Associates serve on subcommittees, review technical papers, and help organize annual activities.
Associates serve on virtually all firm committees.
Associates share financially in the success of the company.
Associates share in the cost of health insurance and voluntary dental program.
Associates share in the mission and life of the community.
Associates share in the prayer life of the community.
Associates simply have to fill out a detailed form to join.
Associates sleep elsewhere.
Associates support many community initiatives through their personal involvement and financially.
Associates take an active role in generating and testing new ideas.
Associates typically choose to concentrate their practices in a particular practice group.
Associates typically possess two to five years of professional experience prior to joining our firm.
Associates typically prepare and submit quarterly reports describing their work in the field.
Associates use transpersonal, reiki, myofascial release, and other holistic approaches.
Associates view themselves as watchful curators and protectors of the earth's resources.
Associates volunteer to participate on the team.
Associates work as part of consulting groups to help develop solutions for clients.
Associates work at the bench, conducting experiments under the guidance of Ph.D. scientists.
Associates work in a fun, aggressive climate where growth, speed and innovation are top of mind.
Associates work on related matters involving collections, evictions, forfeitures and foreclosures.
Associates work overnights and weekends.
Associates work under the mentorship of staff scientists.
Associates work with many partners and for a range of clients.
Associates frequently bow to each other.
Associates often enrol for a postgraduate qualification.
Associates often travel to Latin American countries and complete legal work onsite.
Associates often work on a variety of projects with partners in different practice areas.
Associates usually designate a senior manager as a key campus contact.
Associates usually designate a senior manager as the key campus contact.
Associates usually work directly with a partner or more senior associate in charge of a matter.
All associates are also eligible for a year-end bonus determined by a formal review process.
All associates are candidates for partnership.
All associates are completely business men who had experience of university band.
All associates are eligible for a comprehensive dental plan.
All associates are eligible for time off for religious observance.
All associates are in weekly contact sharing ideas, concepts and methods.
All associates are independent contractors who are long-term care specialists.
All associates enjoy excellent salaries, company-paid benefits and a dynamic work environment.
All associates go through an initial orientation program.
All associates have access to free parking at several secured lots surrounding each facility.
All associates have at least ten years experience and many are recognized leaders in their field.
All associates have frequent and direct working contact with our most experienced attorneys.
All associates have opportunities make more hours and learn other parts of the restaurant.
All associates receive a formal annual review of their work in the spring.
All associates receive annual stock option awards in addition to their base pay.
All associates receive training through their assigned mentor.
All associates work with clients and candidates nationwide.
Every Associate has the power to launch an improvement team.
Every Associate is provided with an electronic mail account and access to the Internet.
Every associate is responsible for creating an atmosphere of trust.
Every associate is trained in, believes in and practices total quality management.
Every associate is viewed as a potential member of the partnership.
Every associate knows at least one candidate.
Every Associate makes a difference toward our company s future success.
Many associates appreciate the firm s flexibility with hours and lack of face time.
Many associates are likely to be male or from one's work and activities.
Many associates are shareholders in the company.
Many associates enjoy a happenin after-hours scene.
Many associates find that after their first assignment, they re left on their own.
Many associates have great parties to look forward to in the upcoming months.
Many associates panic when faced with a keyboard.
Many associates receive financial assistance from their sponsoring organizations.
Many associates work side by side with the sisters in various ministries.
Most associates are academic researchers working on schools of business, economics and engineering.
Most associates find the time for one to three weeks of vacation each year.
Most associates here work less than at virtually all other big New York firms, one associate says.
Most associates seem genuine in their praise of the firm.
Some associates are experts on business values and practices in specific countries.
Some associates look for reassurance by expressing uncertainty.
Some associates make partner after six years.
Some associates yell at support staff, and some partners yell at associates.
Associated anomalies are numerous as described later.
Associated apparatus is disclosed.
Associated assignments are in the distance learning format.
Associated behaviors are common with stutterers.
Associated benefits are increased productivity, job satisfaction and longevity of employment.
Associated centers are national public affairs institutions seeking to improve education policy.
All Associated chambers feature, as a standard, a high temperature fail-safe control.
Associated circuitry is provided to feed the energy back to the drive poles of the motor.
Associated code fills in data as user clicks on buttons.
Associated code is simple and easy to follow.
Associated commands provide editing and the ability to run parts of a route, or to retrace.
Associated companies make a wide variety of instruments.
Associated conditions can cause or worsen a child's problems.
Associated conditions can include attentional problems, impulsiveness and learning disabilities.
Associated conditions can include obsessitivity, attentional problems and impulsiveness.
Associated conditions can include obsessivity, attentional problems and impulsiveness.
Associated conditions can include obsessivity, attentional problems, and impulsiveness.
Associated costs can be very high.
Any associated cost is the responsibility of the student.
Associated countries participate as donors.
Associated damage can lead to visual loss.
Associated data includes communications made before and after a questionable conversation.
Associated data run counter to both art historical and cultural exemplars.
Associated defects are usually limited to the genital tract and diastasis of the pubic bones.
Associated description appears here.
Associated documents can be attachments or links.
Associated drugs are then cross-referenced by page number to the applicable monograph.
Associated elements provide ways of expressing related info like source data, software, etc.
Associated factors appear in parallel in epiphenomena.
Associated firms provide reservoir and geological consulting.
Associated fractures are the rule rather than the exception.
Associated functions are diverse and including planning.
Associated gas is normally present in an oil reservoir in the early stages of production.
Associated hospitals provide the possibility of conducting research with patient populations.
Associated hydrocephalus causes specific learning difficulties.
Associated hypertension has to be aggressively treated.
Associated indicator goes out.
Associated indicator lights up momentarily and DN indicator light goes out.
Associated indicator lights up.
Associated jobs are a key part of the rural infrastructure.
Associated laboratories are well-equipped for research in archaeology and biological anthropology.
Associated laboratory exercises.
Associated laboratory experiences with the technology to reinforce understanding.
Associated libraries register their own users.
Any associated links are also welcome.
Associated man is necessarily either tyrant or slave.
Associated marl is calcitic to dolomitic with montmorillonite and local celestite.
Associated material includes muffle fragments and furniture.
Associated materials exist.
Associated measures are subject to a continuously open call.
Associated members are non-voting members.
Associated members are social, scientific, cultural and other professional groups.
Associated members enjoy all the rights of Regular members except the right to vote.
Associated members have all the privileges of regular members.
Associated messages indicate further errors.
Associated messages indicate the reason the enable operation failed.
Associated messages indicate the reason.
Associated messages indicate why.
Associated messages provide more detail.
Associated messages provide the cause of the failure.
Associated messages provide the root cause.
Associated metadata is included.
Any associated metadata is retrieved as well, although there is no requirement that it be present.
Associated minerals are amblygonite, spodumene, beryl and quartz.
Associated minerals are anatase, titanite and brookite.
Associated minerals are anthophyllite, almandine, cummingtonite, andalusite and kyanite.
Associated minerals are azurite, tenorite, chalcocite, chalcopyrite and iron oxides.
Associated minerals are barite, calcite, orpiment, realgar, lorandite, raguinite, and pyrite.
Associated minerals are beryl, gadolinite, K-feldspar and chlorite.
Associated minerals are biotite, actinolite and stilpnomelane.
Associated minerals are chlorite, epidote, quartz and laumontite.
Associated minerals are copper, bornite and chalcopyrite.
Associated minerals are epidote, quartz, chlorite and actinolite.
Associated minerals are native copper, quartz and calcite.
Associated minerals are plagioclase, orthopyroxene and clinopyroxene.
Associated minerals are plagioclase, quartz, epidote, clinozoisite, biotite and zircon.
Associated minerals are prochlorite, hornblnde and plagioclase.
Associated minerals are pyrite, chalcopyrite and large phantom calcite xls.
Associated minerals are quartz, sillimanite, hematite, and muscovite.
Associated minerals are talc, chlorite, pyrite, pyrrhotite and galena.
Associated minerals found in the wash include zircon, ilmenite, olivine, hematite and feldspar.
Associated minerals produced as by-products include ilmenite, zircon, monazite and xenotime.
Associated morbidity is low with an excellent rate of stabilization of neuralgic status.
Associated mothers suckle one another's young-usually a reliable sign of kinship.
Associated names have a hazy history.
Associated overheads have to be accounted for by the users.
Associated pages show several fine rainbows and a beautiful example of anticrepuscular rays.
Associated persons have the responsibility to behave with dignity and courtesy.
Associated professionals are also welcome.
Associated qualifiers are qualifiers that are associated with a sequence type.
Associated regulations allow leases of up to fifty years, at fair market value rent.
Associated regulations provide access to medical records.
Associated researchers work in some of the most computationally challenging fields.
Associated signs are cough, fever, weight loss, and nasal discharge.
Associated simplifications are under way.
Associated software enables searches for related information to be made.
Associated soils are allu- vial.
Associated soils are on slightly higher positions within the flood plain.
Associated sources are horses and rodents.
Associated species is a list of other plants that are often found growing with the featured plant.
Associated species vary depending on location in the state and site conditions.
Many associated suppliers participate in the association.
Associated symptoms are faintness and difficulty in breathing.
Associated symptoms are imbalance and unsteadiness.
Associated symptoms are loss of appetite, lethargy, thirst and constipation.
Associated symptoms can include nausea, vomiting and diarrhea.
Associated symptoms can include nausea, vomiting and photophobia.
Associated syndromes are more common among patients with isolated cleft palate than among others.
Associated synovitis can lead to increased radionuclide uptake in the periarticular region.
Associated test is reqnotes.py.
Associated tools can provide additional value.
Associated traits can become complex and species specific.
Associated variables are the pollution concentrations in the two lakes.
Associated work includes maintenance, new seawall, and wharf construction.
Associated works are the cladding of surfaces of steel structures with profiled galvanised steel.
Associates degree is preferred.
Associates degree is required.
Associates groups meet periodically and have no officers.
Associates members are eager to improve the library collections and services.
An association football is a football
Association football is Nigeria's national sport.
Association football is played in accordance with a set of rules known as the Laws of the Game .
Association football is the most popular sport in Norway in terms of active membership.
Association football is what the British call soccer.
Association Lists Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Association management is our only business.
Association neurons connect the previous two types of neurons.
Associations of ideas begin to flow.
Most association officers take their responsibilities very seriously.
Association rules are a fundamental class of patterns that exist in data.
Association rules can be more complicated and involve several concepts and longer paths.
Association rules emphasize never to try to alter or over-imprint an old tattoo.
Association studies are very specific.
Association studies have the same two fundamental economic and technical challenges.
Association studies involve an approach that is opposite to the approach used in sib-pair analysis.
Association announces research awards.
Association becomes a national movement.
Association benefits from two major legal rulings.
Association brings people together.
Association can also trigger memory.
Association can escape the evils resulting from religious differences, only in one of two ways.
Association charges non-members.
Association conducts from time to time.
Association Consider placement of cultural features.
Association continues to move from training to performance improvement as a focus.
Association definitely lends credence.
Association develops medical scholars program.
Association does contribute to research that is applicable to our region.
Association has a full list of plants harmful to cats.
Association has ten thousand members in over thirty countries.
Association helps families with childbirth.
Association helps the strong and the weak build their dreams.
Association hires first full-time employee.
Association informs society about consumer protection on different mass media.
Association invokes ideas and feelings through a particular reference.
Association involves linking one work or item with another.
Association is a juridical body.
Association is a law firm engaged in a full service practice with head office in Moscow, Russia.
Association is a professional non-profit organization of outfitters and guides.
Association is able to be so effective in serving our customers.
Association is an organization
Association is chemical processes.
Association is composed of area pastors and church leaders.
Association is expressed by a link.
Association is groups.
Association is important to, and is often used to connect the person to positive images or events.
Association is in good financial position.
Association is in good shape financially.
Association is memory.
Association is often everything.
Association is one of the best ways for untrained persons to recall physical descriptions.
Association is one of the most helpful clues in identifying man made installations.
Association is one tip.
Association is open to cooperation and welcomes members from Yugoslavia and the whole world.
Association is open to students, individuals, and organizations.
Association is organizations.
Association is organized.
Association is our most important product.
Association is relations.
Association is social activities.
Association is something that humans are incredibly good at, and computers are incredibly bad at.
Association is the key.
Association is therefore useful to indicate groups of different quality or character.
Association is unions.
Association is, therefore, a prime indicator of gang involvement.
Association isa relation.
Association issues a permit number.
Association launches Native American initiative.
Association lies at the core of all creative thought.
Association maintains roads, pool, etc.
Association maintains, and gets everything ready for boys club.
Association manages the office space assigned to non-faculty research personnel.
Association means community.
Association meets annually, holds annual conference.
Association meets monthly, holds annual conference.
Association meets quarterly, holds annual conference.
Association meets semi-annually.
Association offers exhibition opportunities for glass artists, publications, and videos.
Association offers extensive seminars, conferences, and books.
Association offers online nutrition information.
Association offers professional rehabilitation course.
Association offers two plans.
Association organizes concerts where it tries to constitute a harmony between painting and music.
Association plans new public awareness campaign.
Association provides support for dyslexics and their families.
Association recognizes contributions of families, individuals, professionals.
Association recruits members and subscribers.
Association resulting from environmental factors is referred to as environmental correlation.
Association seeks individual to develop public image and implement communication strategies.
Association sponsors training sessions and coordinates efforts with state school bus inspectors.
Association supports bill to restrict overtime for nurses.
Association tests for traits with variable age at onset.
Association wins better coverage for people diabetes.
Association Works .
Associations also are valuable inter-industry marketing tools.
Associations also attend or support various conventions noted on their webpages.
Associations also establish objective standards to guide buyers in evaluating products.
Associations also extend their contacts around the globe by joining international organizations.
Associations also offer networking opportunities for their members.
Associations also raise money to support the costs associated with each sport program.
Associations also use other forms of internal communication to inform their members of the request.
Associations appear to be quite stable over time, demonstrating a strong path-dependency.
Associations are a fertile ground for agencies seeking to develop program business.
Associations are a good source for lobbying to gain support for our industry.
Associations are a major way of organizing professions, directors, and other groups.
Associations are a valuable resource for networking with other business people in the same industry.
Associations are a very good source for industry statistics and trends.
Associations are administrators of local teams, raising money, buying equipment and the like.
Associations are administrators of local teams, raising money, buying equipment, and the like.
Associations are advocates - for their perspective on stewardship.
Associations are alliances of individuals with one or more common interests.
Associations are also a good source.
Associations are also a great source of experts in a field.
Associations are also great resources for learning about laws, regulations, grants, seminars, etc.
Associations are also helpful in researching the competition.
Associations are also more into paper publishing, conferencing and colating specialist statistics.
Associations are also more into paper publishing, conferencing and collating specialist statistics.
Associations are an alternative to object references.
Associations are basically information resources by their very nature.
Associations are bi-directional.
Associations are brief and unstable.
Associations are cousins of open clusters.
Associations are descriptions of links with a common implementation.
Associations are economic engines that fuel America's prosperity.
Associations are especially common with adult males and with estrus females.
Associations are especially valuable for statistical surveys of specific market segments.
Associations are excellent sources to find information on the industry they represent.
Associations are for identification only.
Associations are groups of sports officials together under one banner.
Associations are how people with the same interests come together to work toward their common goals.
Associations are in the business of creating value for members.
Associations are like generalizations, categorizations, and statistics.
Associations are no different.
Associations are nonprofit membership organizations.
Associations are often a good source of links for a particular field.
Associations are often clearinghouses of information on all sorts of subjects.
Associations are organizations which sponsor and administer one or more teams.
Associations are pros at using education committees, as they have been in place for years.
Associations are relatively homogeneous in age.
Associations are relevant sources of current information.
Associations are responsible for obtaining permission from the school.
Associations are sexual mating pairs of gregarines.
Associations are sources of information for a myriad of subjects.
Associations are subject to strict scrutiny under both federal and state antitrust laws.
Associations are the best sources of specialized information on a wide variety of topics.
Associations are the fastest, easiest place to get attention from an industry.
Associations are the interesting and significant relationships between concepts.
Associations are unique entities, with unique needs when it comes to effective use of the Web.
Associations are unique.
Associations are usually willing to send a sample that is slightly out of date.
Associations are valuable only as long as they serve to strengthen the churches.
Associations are very important resources.
Associations are very important.
Associations are vital sources of research and data.
Associations Being in a nervous or overstimulated state of mind can cause rapid heartbeats.
Associations benefit by joining for many reasons .
Associations bring recognition, credibility as well as a voice that is strong and unified.
Associations can also post their monthly meeting information for free.
Associations can also tax residents to finance lawsuits.
Associations can be careless with their credibility.
Associations can be positive or negative.
Associations can be very misleading.
Associations can have a profound impact on a competitive marketplace.
Associations can help direct the City's efforts to the citizen's highest priority issues.
Associations can help members interact and learn about each other's businesses.
Associations can partner with educators and child welfare authorities.
Associations can provide a value-added service for their members.
Associations can provide an extra benefit to their members.
Associations can rest until the bills are possibly introduced in the future.
Associations can save on insurance premiums almost dollar for dollar by raising deductibles.
Associations can serve as very effective marketing channels.
Associations can view all member details from contact information to activity history.
Associations connect citizens with their government.
Associations Connect with major industry-related associations and organizations.
Associations dealing with specific medical problems can help.
Associations do seem to offer a ready-made network of affiliate firms and their clients.
Associations exist for each standard and coordinate national Roaming.
Associations exist for most professions or trades.
Associations exist to protect the property values of all of the owners.
Associations feature a variety of programs designed to save costs and enhance business operations.
Associations feel they're being disintermediated by the national association through technology.
Associations form to advocate for the profession and open up internal dialogue.
Associations Get information about local organizations for builders, realtors and commerce.
Associations have periodic meetings and elect officers and committees to carry on their work.
Associations have the tools to maintain a sustainable, competitive advantage.
Associations have to know their markets.
Associations have two constructors.
Associations have two data members, key and value .
Associations Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Associations help promote the self-help tradition and empower neighbors.
Associations help residents recover from fires and personal tragedies.
Associations hold meetings, publish materials, conduct seminars, etc.
Associations hold the collective wisdom of members of all kinds.
Associations hold the collective wisdom of members of all varieties.
Associations includes scholarly or professional associations.
Associations influence action selection.
Associations is a comprehensive directory of all education associations and organisations.
Associations is a list of sailing and boating clubs and associations.
Associations is one such idea.
Associations known by their abbreviation can be tricky.
Associations link classes to one another.
Associations listed below represent more than one country.
Associations make up each league.
Associations make up our Leagues.
Associations meet in the spring and fall.
Associations offer an attunement, training and an initiation.
Associations offer dot-coms a relatively inexpensive means of finding and attracting customers.
Associations offer support and assistance in a number of areas of expertise.
Associations organize activities, host social events, and are involved in community affairs.
Associations pay attention to other association choices.
Associations preserve America's sense of community.
Associations provide rich, typed cross-linking between conceptual areas.
Associations relate closely to name popularity.
Associations represent people with common business interests, hobbies, ethnicity or other features.
Associations represent relationships between objects in associated classes.
Associations retain ownership of members' cattle and sell on behalf of members.
Associations ricochet around the galleries and into the art world.
Associations save overall by paying less on rooms and airfare.
Associations See Associations for additional list of associations.
Associations see pavilions as a member service.
Associations serve as a dual gateway for staying in touch with constituents.
Associations take the place of powerful individuals whom equality of conditions have eliminated.
Associations tend to publish industry and franchise sales and valuation data.
Associations therefore play an important role in a pluralistic democracy.
Associations thrive on properly planted new churches.
Associations trigger new ideas.
Associations typically have community events, guest speakers, newsletters, etc.
Associations typically provide governing documents to new owners or when requested by an owner.
Associations vary widely in what they offer and how they offer it.
Associations working against discrimination enhance rather than threaten the latter interests.
Associations frequently contract with companies to offer value added services to their members.
Associations Often chronic alcoholism has weakened the liver , which can lead to cirrhosis.
Associations often contract with insurance companies to provide benefits for their members.
Associations often have industry information.
Associations often pay a per election fee for such services.
Associations often request a staffing analysis along with the business process analysis.
Associations usually elect a board of directors who make most of the daily management decisions.
Associations usually have materials available upon request describing the field as a career.
Associations usually provide reliable information.
Associations usually publish statistics, pamphlets and can recommend experts.
All associations are amateur.
All associations are navigable in both directions.
All associations clearly list cancellation policies related to their event on their web site.
All associations sponsor talks and networking.
All associations trade information about the critical issues facing members.
Any association can work.
Every association has a different way of scoring competition points.
Every association has a golf outing, and nine out of ten times that outing is a scramble.
Every association has effective systems, some document, some inherent.
Every association is a help.
Every association is different, and some are great resources for company information.
Every association is different.
Every association is entitled to at least one delegate to annual conference.
Every association is unique.
Every association needs a well known constitution.
Every association needs to maintain an adequate reserve fund for possible repairs and other needs.
Many associations actively encourage members to be directors throughout the year.
Many associations also have inspections or are in the process of implementing an inspection program.
Many associations also have jobs lists.
Many associations also provide information to non-members, often via their web sites.
Many associations also provide job listings for people interested in joining their fields.
Many associations also publish lists of job openings that are just available to their members.
Many associations also sell their mailing lists.
Many associations also sponsor educational programs and regional shows.
Many Associations are active in mobilizing public support for liberal education.
Many associations are including publications and statistics on their web sites.
Many associations are lucky to break even on membership dues alone.
Many associations can help, for example, women in state government.
Many associations complain that member participation is low.
Many associations do promote opal, but in conjunction with other gemstones.
Many associations have a home page on the web and data can be located from their site.
Many associations have both consumer and member components to their sites.
Many associations have combined member service, consumer service, and business focus into one site.
Many associations have frequent meetings to discuss topics of concern to their memberships.
Many Associations have fund-raising items for sale.
Many associations have happy hour events for the express purpose to networking.
Many associations have special student rates.
Many associations have various levels of membership.
Many associations hold annual bee schools for beginners.
Many associations hold yearly reunions.
Many associations list externship opportunities through their websites.
Many associations now face a rapidly changing environment.
Many associations now use the Net to disseminate information.
Many associations obtain insurance at reduced rates.
Many associations offer members group rates on health and liability insurance, etc.
Many associations offer reduced membership fees for new businesses.
Many associations offer scholarships for students.
Many associations offer scholarships to students in the accounting and finance fields.
Many associations organize festivities in the summertime.
Many associations produce journals with reports on hot topics in the industry.
Many associations promote genealogical research and the exchange of information between members.
Many associations provide listings for their members.
Many associations then decide to eliminate guards or invest in a telephone-entry system instead.
Many associations use club letterhead and envelopes for outside correspondence.
Most associations also have job banks.
Most associations charge either an application fee or a fee per transcript issued.
Most associations credential two delegates, a primary and secondary.
Most associations formally adopt written rules of parliamentary procedure.
Most associations go through cycles of development.
Most associations go to their industry contacts first when looking for a new employee.
Most associations have a defined knowledge domain associated with their credentialing program.
Most associations have foundations or scholarship funds.
Most associations have minimum requirements before accepting a home inspector to their association.
Most associations have monthly meetings.
Most associations have to scavenge for enough representation to hold a valid meeting.
Most associations have training incorporated into their meetings.
Most associations have youth classes to get the kids involved.
Most Associations meet in the evenings, but some meet in the early morning.
Most associations offer free e-mail lists to members.
Most associations operate a statewide referral service, which can be found in the yellow pages.
Most associations operate on a voluntary basis.
Most associations post a great deal of information about conferences on their Web site.
Most associations produce membership address lists which are usually free to members.
Most associations provide a directory of members.
Most associations provide a newsletter, whether it is weekly, monthly, or quarterly.
Most associations publish their own technical journals.
Most associations satisfy the requirements of the latter test.
Most associations seek to develop excludable and individual services as their primary focus.
Some associations add a title to the registered name of each award winner.
Some associations add a title to the registered name of each regional award winner.
Some associations also publish newsletters which can provide valuable information.
Some associations are cognition in nature, others behavioural, and still others, pathological.
Some associations are qualified by Ukrainian legal and tax authorities as commercial organisations.
Some associations are very active and others concentrate on a few lake issues.
Some associations bring reviewers together regularly to review reports and prepare responses.
Some associations continue to present themselves, such as genetic and environmental correlations.
Some Associations create farms with every support for such eventuality.
Some associations even have separate sections for graduate students and for sources of funding.
Some associations have both.
Some associations have employment referral services.
Some associations have the power to sue a member of the group to conform.
Some associations hire consultants to speak about alternative careers.
Some associations invite the bishop to be a member and attend meetings.
Some associations negotiate other rights as well.
Some associations obtain discounts on books, services and new technology.
Some associations offer certifications for writers and authors.
Some associations permit additional colors, including chocolate, lilac, and various silver tones.
Some associations permit other colors, including tortoiseshell, lilac and red.
Some associations provide an electronic tendering service for their members.
Some associations provide free airport pick-ups.
Some associations provide free transcripts as a membership benefit.
Some Associations recognise or 'accredit' schools and even tutors.
Some associations release their registration list before the trade show.
Some associations run a shop selling new equipment at discounted prices.
Some associations sponsor brown bag seminars during lunch hours.
Some associations sponsor only selected programs, while others sponsor our entire product line.
Associational forms highlight the individuals who are members of the association.
Associational indices are the relational labels used for relative indexing.
Associational neurons carry impulses from neuron to neuron, meaning sensory to motor.
Associationistic behavior is suitable for games such as naming the capitals of states.
Associative activities reap additional benefits for society.
Associative arrays are arrays that are indexed by strings.
Associative arrays are arrays.
Associative arrays are lookup tables.
Associative arrays are very much like numerically indexed arrays.
Associative arrays have no predefined size.
Associative arrays make the translation part fairly easy.
Associative containers provide bidirectional iterators.
Associative factors mediate sensitization to cocaine activational effects in young domestic fowl.
Associative flow is used, so the flow rule is taken equal to the yield rule.
Associative information is user and context sensitive.
Associative memory helps to trigger the memory of newer learning in pathology.
Associative memory is a possible approach but an uncommon one at best.
Associative memory is much more reliable than rote, so it's important to use it as much as possible.
Associative metadata provides additional information for application assistance.
Associative processing refers to activation of additional information within either system.
Associative relations serve to support and clarify material already presented within the discourse.
Associative search is used as the basic synchronization mechanism.
Associative search lets customers search the catalog using any free-form queries they like.
Associte membership is available to graduate students and interested faculty and staff.
An assonance is rhyme
Assonance is the repetition of a vowel sound within words.
Assonance is when a sound inside a word is repeated.
Assorted articles describe other related cases.
Many assorted awards continue to be externally funded.
Assorted books are available at our office, or through our president.
Assorted button covers.
Assorted candies are also available after school only.
Assorted candies surround.
Assorted chairs surround the central group of tables, some looking more inviting than others.
Assorted color covers.
Assorted colors are available and blank transparencies can be purchased at the circulation desk.
Assorted colors look terrific in any setting.
Assorted colors range from irridescent blues, rust, and golds.
Assorted colors vary.
Assorted eyepieces are also available.
Assorted forms are available online.
Assorted frames are available.
Assorted futurists discuss why the future is so difficult to predict.
Assorted issues are available for reading.
Assorted items are available.
Assorted kitchen utensils.
Assorted mammals are also present at Grays Lake.
Assorted milk is available daily.
Assorted numbers are still available.
Assorted package contains two of each color.
Some assorted packages designed to promote wildlife are also available.
Assorted pictures are available for viewing.
Assorted seafoods are house specialties.
Assorted sets are also available.
Assorted Tools Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Assorted traffic comes in the form of arriving and departing aircraft.
Assorted tulips are colorful fresh flowers for ceremony too.
An assortment is a collection
Assortment isa aggregation.
Assortment isa collection.
Assortments are available.
Assortments are collections.
Assortments Click on underlined product names to view details about that item.
Assortments come in classic gift boxes or collectible tins.
Assosiative arrays are another important data structure.
Assouline comments dryly.
Assumable loans are almost a thing of the past.
Assumed disability is the refuge of a discouraged child.
Assumed knowledge Depends on subject areas selected.
Assumed knowledge is listed with each seminar.
An assumed name is a name
Assumed names are also available as a zipped label file on our label page.
Assumed names is also in the recording department.
Assumed planets revolve the sun, but the sun revolves the earth.
Assumed similarity is the belief that others are like oneself.
Assumption of risk is another defense against negligence.
Assumption of risk is another defense to negligence actions.
An assumption is postulate
Assumption has eight games remaining, all against conference opponents.
Assumption has students from many countries in the world.
Assumption here is that objectives make sense in broader sense of what is purpose of organization.
Assumption is a civil, friendly, and productive place.
Assumption is a pillar of any knowledge.
Assumption is a problem.
Assumption is an interesting word, both a common and a proper noun with several meanings.
Assumption is bad for one's mental health.
Assumption is equal to death.
Assumption is improvement.
Assumption is one of the five major feasts known as tabernacles . . .
Assumption is that the light bulb has burned out.
Assumption is the more recent of the two doctrines.
Assumption is the mother of all foul-ups.
Assumption is the mother of all fuckers.
Assumption is the mother of all fuck-ups.
Assumption is the mother of all great foul-ups.
Assumption is the mother of all mess-ups.
Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.
Assumption is the mother of all screwups.
Assumption is the mother of confusion.
Assumption is the mother of screw-up.
Assumption is the name of the demon of mankind.
Assumption is the planned natural event.
Assumption is users are accessing a single resource and user has to login to each service.
Assumption isa statement.
Assumption isnt always correct.
Assumption offers a well rounded program for familes from many cultural backgrounds.
Assumptions are a little different.
Assumptions are a set up for disappointment and conflict.
Assumptions are a step short of stereotypes.
Assumptions are acquisitions.
Assumptions are acts.
Assumptions are always dangerous.
Assumptions are always necessary regardless of the method used for analyzing the data.
Assumptions are always necessary when constructing models.
Assumptions are an insufficient basis on which to make judgements about safe practice.
Assumptions are as necessary to intellectual life as hypotheses and questions.
Assumptions are correct.
Assumptions are critical to any forecast.
Assumptions are critical.
Assumptions are dangerous things on which to base criminal law.
Assumptions are dangerous things.
Assumptions are dangerous.
Assumptions are explicit statements used to describe the present and future environment.
Assumptions are hypothesises.
Assumptions are made, misinformation is spread, until myths begin to be widely believed.
Assumptions are miracles.
Assumptions are more striking than ideas.
Assumptions are often unstated and overlooked.
Assumptions are part of the background from which an argument is offered.
Assumptions are quick and easy.
Assumptions are requirements that the specifier imposes on the contexts in which traits are used.
Assumptions are sometimes wrong.
Assumptions are suppositions that are taken for granted.
Assumptions are suppositions that something is true.
Assumptions are the . . . . . .
Assumptions are the crucial factors in the development or inception of a product development.
Assumptions are the death of possibility .
Assumptions are the operating principle behind self-fulfilling prophecies.
Assumptions are the reason it is hard to distinguish between deterrence and non action.
Assumptions are the source of all confusion.
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
Assumptions are the unspoken premises that people tend to have in common, such as murder is wrong.
Assumptions are the unstated ideas.
Assumptions are unproven, unproveable positions upon which thought, words and deeds are based.
Assumptions are valuable, only when they are continually tested.
Assumptions are what most challenge our ability to be good partners.
Assumptions can be dangerous in etymology.
Assumptions can be dangerous.
Assumptions can be killers, missed requirements can be costly and ineffective.
Assumptions can be so dangerous.
Assumptions can be too costly.
Assumptions can change from day to day.
Assumptions can create misinformation and result in more conflicts to be resolved now and later.
Assumptions can lead to jail sentences.
Assumptions can lead to stereotypes and unfair judgments about individuals and groups.
Assumptions can save a lot of people logging in.
Assumptions cause wars.
Assumptions come from predictions.
Assumptions concerning the components are constant during each five-year cycle.
Assumptions create barriers to school volunteer success.
Assumptions create ramifications far down the road that are usually quite subtle.
Assumptions Describe all the assumptions underlying path analysis.
Assumptions Describe the modeling program to be used and any input assumptions.
Assumptions differ from facts in two ways.
Assumptions have (part) language units.
Assumptions have to be worked in throughout.
Assumptions lead to bias.
Assumptions lead to conclusions.
Assumptions lead to significant bias.
Assumptions look to be met.
Assumptions made are the following.
Assumptions made in the TIA about traffic distribution are questionable.
Assumptions only breed shattered expectations.
Assumptions reflect the values of whoever has power.
Assumptions Reflecting on what a person assumes is always a tricky thing.
Assumptions relate to usage.
Assumptions Suppose the mass of the sun is and the mass of the planet is .
Assumptions theorize what the researcher believes is true within the circumstances of the study.
Assumptions typically have lower closing costs for the buyer.
Assumptions underlying the legislation present another set of issues.
Assumptions underlying the program's analyses are easy to find.
Assumptions use in predictions.
Assumptions often seem to be made by teaching staff about a range of skills students have.
Assumptions sometimes lead to errors.
All assumptions are cultural.
All assumptions are subject to revision, suspension or reversal.
All assumptions regarding present-day star formation remain speculative.
Any assumptions otherwise are misleading.
Many assumptions are made.
Many assumptions have to be heavily modified for other maintainers, especially commercial ones.
Many assumptions underlie the Town's theory of aquifer contamination.
More assumptions fall.
Most assumptions are risks.
Most assumptions come from predictions.
Most assumptions lead to bias.
Most assumptions lead to conclusions.
Most assumptions lead to significant bias.
Most assumptions relate to usage.
Most assumptions use in predictions.
Some assumptions are easy to recognize and abandon.
Some assumptions are harmless, but others are risky.
Some assumptions are varied so as to study their impact on the two variables of interest.
Some assumptions explain phenomena.
Some assumptions greatly oversimplify the cost analysis.
Some assumptions have consequences.
Some assumptions have direct evidence.
Some assumptions have evidence.
Some assumptions relate to energy.
Some assumptions use simulation.
Assurance of faith can never come by the works of the law.
Assurance services enhance the reliability of information used to make business decisions.
Assurance services provide a lucrative opportunity to expand practices.
Assurance services seek to improve the quality of information for decision making or it's context.
Assurance claims new appraisal was used by refi.
Assurance comes at the beginning of the process, and takes care of compliance upfront.
Assurance concerns the realization that a person has eternal life.
Assurance does exclude doubt.
Assurance is a part of the Bible's teaching of the Christian life.
Assurance is a product of saving faith.
Assurance is a very practical issue.
Assurance is an essential component of any project.
Assurance is an inextricable part of saving faith.
Assurance is banks.
Assurance is certainty
Assurance is certainty.
Assurance is commitment.
Assurance is incomplete without evidence .
Assurance is insurance.
Assurance is made doubly sure by the stroke of a lance into the dead man's side.
Assurance is needed that it meets the state's interest.
Assurance is of the essence of saving faith.
Assurance is only the personal confidence in a present salvation.
Assurance is satisfied by sep accounting system.
Assurance is sought in the dying words of a loved one.
Assurance is statements.
Assurance is the confident realization that one has eternal life.
Assurance is the enjoyment of that justification.
Assurance is two-thirds of success.
Assurance is two-thirds success.
Assurance is usually for a longer term of five, ten, fifteen or twenty years.
Assurance is vital for a dynamic Christian life.
Assurance is warranted through a mixture of system architecture, integrity and security testing.
Assurance means comfort, and comfort means joy, peace, and love.
Assurance offers upgrades to major releases at preferential pricing.
Assurance only breeds resolve.
Assurance rests with every employee.
Assurance sets the groundwork upon which all else is based.
Assurance stems from the application of the loosing key.
Assurances are part of the equation.
Assurances chiens et chats.
Assurances relate to issues such as complying with nondiscrimination laws.
Any assurance based on anything else is presumption.
Many assurances support long-term optimism.
Much assurance is given that things are in-hand and the reports do seem positive.
Assured isolation is the storage of radioactive waste above ground.
Assured service permits a statistical guaranteed rate.
Assured services offer forwarding qualities known beforehand.
Assured supervision creates proper learning atmosphere.
Assymmetric links are another problem.
Assyrian chronology is the rock.
Assyrian invasions begin foreign domination.
Assyrian names fall into three general categories.
Assyrian reliefs show cavalry dispatching fleeing foot troops with lances.
Assyrian schools are of vital interest to the existence of the Assyrian culture in Iraq.
Astanga classes link each pose with a flowing movement called a vinyasa.
Astanga yoga is VERY energetic, it involves instant activity and high aerobic energy levels.
Astec customers have first choice of service schools.
An aster is a structure
Asters also thrive in all planting zones.
Asters appear in autumn, when most other flowers have wilted and dried up.
Asters are a good late blooming plant.
Asters are a wildly diverse group, for example.
Asters are actually very complicated flowers.
Asters are botanically related to daisies.
Asters are fall-flowering perennials worth considering for the cutting garden.
Asters are flowers.
Asters are generally much more dependable for late season bloom than chrysanthemums.
Asters are great for late summer and fall bloom.
Asters are less salt-tolerant than mums.
Asters are perennials.
Asters are plants.
Asters are resistant to most insects and plant diseases.
Asters are short microtubules that radiate from centrioles.
Asters are structures.
Asters are weapons.
Asters brighten the yards.
Asters color the garden beginning in late summer and last through autumn.
Asters come out in full force when others are fading.
Asters continue to gain in popularity as easily grown perennials.
Asters generally ask for sun to part shade and an average to dry location.
Asters grow best in full sun or light shade.
Asters grow best in full sun with good air circulation.
Asters love to grow in full sun in a most soil.
Asters perform best in full sun and in well drained soils of average fertility.
Asters prefer a well drained soil and produce vigorous plants if they receive adequate irrigation.
Asters produce large clusters of flowers in white, purple, lavender, pink and red.
Asters range in appearance and come in all colors, including blue.
Asters range in color from blue to pink and shades in between and give a great boost of color.
Asters range in height from one to three feet tall.
Asters require good soil drainage and full sun.
Asters tend to hold up to early freezes better than mums.
Many asteraceous plants have bracts at the base of each inflorescence .
Many asteraceous plants have bracts at the base of each inflorescence.
An asterisk is a graphic symbol
Asterisk denotes tornadic case.
Asterisks act as italics.
Asterisks appear beside entries where a reply was received.
Asterisks appear to the left of the record to show that it is marked.
Asterisks are characters.
Asterisks are critical fill locations.
Asterisks are present under the canonical cysteine and histidine residues of the zinc finger motif.
Asterisks are software.
Asterisks are wildcards when used at the end of a word.
Asterisks can really help here.
Asterisks conceal the value of the characters.
Asterisks count as 'C-' in final course tabulations.
Asterisks denotes a required field.
Asterisks highlight the principal sources.
Asterisks identify research-intensive courses.
Asterisks indicate a change in league or division for that school.
Asterisks indicate a correct response.
Asterisks indicate a link that was dead the last time it was checked.
Asterisks indicate a rating as best of a group.
Asterisks indicate a required field.
Asterisks indicate a significant difference.
Asterisks indicate a single nucleotide polymorphism.
Asterisks indicate a variable field dependent on system or media type.
Asterisks indicate absolutely essential tasks.
Asterisks indicate all-stars chosen by players' votes.
Asterisks indicate an affiliate link.
Asterisks indicate books that include doll houses.
Asterisks indicate conserved amino acids among the three species.
Asterisks indicate courses with prerequisites.
Asterisks indicate critic's choice.
Asterisks indicate dates when hours of dining service are likely to change.
Asterisks indicate dates when quizzes are scheduled.
Asterisks indicate delays.
Asterisks indicate difficulty.
Asterisks indicate faculty who are listed in more than one area.
Asterisks indicate first dates of multi-day programs.
Asterisks indicate identical amino acid residues among the five melibiose transporters.
Asterisks indicate identical amino acids.
Asterisks indicate ischemia values significantly different from baseline.
Asterisks indicate juvenile individuals.
Asterisks indicate libraries that are obligated to give interlibrary loan service.
Asterisks indicate more challenging problems.
Asterisks indicate multiple recommendations.
Asterisks indicate new entry.
Asterisks indicate new restriction, or change in restriction.
Asterisks indicate nine-wicket play.
Asterisks indicate nonfunctional pseudogenes.
Asterisks indicate notes found at the foot of the page.
Asterisks indicate notes that include instructor comments.
Asterisks indicate our newly elected officials.
Asterisks indicate people who have their own detail pages.
Asterisks indicate required fields.
Asterisks indicate required information on form.
Asterisks indicate required information.
Asterisks indicate required items.
Asterisks indicate reviews.
Asterisks indicate salaries that have been obtained from a secondary source.
Asterisks indicate service at regimental and higher headquarters.
Asterisks indicate service at regimental or higher headquarters.
Asterisks indicate sites of mutational change.
Asterisks indicate state licensure.
Asterisks indicate students.
Asterisks indicate termination codons.
Asterisks indicate that the title is by one of the series lecturers .
Asterisks indicate that there was a direction card at that station.
Asterisks indicate the degree of confirming evidence for the pattern.
Asterisks indicate the work currently linked.
Asterisks indicate theme answers.
Asterisks indicate treatments in which both species differed from each other.
Asterisks indicate unavailability of the system.
Asterisks indicate unreadable characters in the original copy.
Asterisks indicates a previously published vacancy that is still available.
Asterisks mark any run that aborted.
Asterisks mark food in the gut.
Asterisks mark materials on order.
Asterisks mark minimum values, bold face maximum.
Asterisks mark the mandatory input fields.
Asterisks means that the difference found was statistically significant.
Asterisks precede and follow changes.
Asterisks precede entries with new or changed information, which is in bold italics.
Asterisks precede entries with new or changed information.
Asterisks refer to the most frequently re-observed stars.
Asterisks represent normal fragments.
Asterisks represent required fields.
Asterisks represent specials for advance payments or longer term contracts.
Asterisks represent the full length of the region of the leading number.
Asterisks show how many years of participation there've been.
Asterisks show the pages containing pics from the most recent update.
Asterisks signify black pieces.
Asterisks signify that agents are currently available to take phone calls.
Asterisks signify that the content is restricted to members.
Any asterisks indicate a failure to respond.
An asterism is a star
Asterism is caused by the presence of more than one chromophore.
Asterism is possible in aqua producing either cats-eye or even star stones.
Asterism is the more general term, referring to any identified pattern of stars.
Asterisms are celestial objects.
Asterisms are familiar, easily recognized groups of stars.
Asterisms are groups of stars that make a shape or form of something.
Asterisms are informal yet distinctive groupings of stars.
Asterisms are natural objects.
Asterisms are prominent groups of bright stars to which the eye is drawn.
Asterisms are stars.
Asterisms range from the large and obvious to the small, and even telescopic.
Asterix books are currently in rights negotiations in France.
All Asterix titles are hardback .
Asteroid accuracy is still a pain, though.
An asteroid belt is a belt
Asteroid belt IS already available.
Asteroid belts are belts.
Asteroid belts are part of interplanetary space.
Asteroid belts are part of solar systems.
Some asteroid belts have concentration.
Some asteroid impact triggers events.
Some asteroid impact triggers mass extinction events.
Asteroid moons are quite rare .
Asteroid moons are quite rare.
Most asteroid orbits lie in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Asteroid tracking is done for several reasons.
An asteroid is a heavenly body
Asteroid isa object.
Asteroids also have very chaotic orbits because of their proximity to Jupiter.
Asteroids also interfere with detection equipment so they're a useful place to hide.
Asteroids are a better bet.
Asteroids are a different issue.
Asteroids are already on the exploration agenda.
Asteroids are also rich in carbon, too, which can be used in rocket fuels, e.g., hydrocarbon fuels.
Asteroids are among the most active echinoderms.
Asteroids are assigned a type based on spectral shape , color , and sometimes albedo .
Asteroids are assigned a type based on spectral shape, color, and sometimes albedo.
Asteroids are asteroids.
Asteroids are asterozoans whose internal body parts extend into the arms.
Asteroids are astronomical objects.
Asteroids are at least as old as the moon.
Asteroids are bigger than meteoroids and are found in sizes up to several hundred kilometers.
Asteroids are bigger than meteors and are like small planets.
Asteroids are bodies large enough to be detectable by telescope.
Asteroids are celestial bodies.
Asteroids are chunks of rock and metal left over from the formation of the solar system.
Asteroids are chunks of rock and metal.
Asteroids are differentiated from comets and meteoroids .
Asteroids are either proto-planets that never made it or planets that blew apart in collision.
Asteroids are eligible for naming when they have been numbered.
Asteroids are from a solar system belt, meteors are other rocky bodies, and comets are part ice.
Asteroids are generally rocky in composition ranging from carbonaceous to silicate to metallic.
Asteroids are given a number indicating their order of discov- ery.
Asteroids are inherently unwieldy.
Asteroids are large hunks of space debris orbiting the sun.
Asteroids are larger chunks of rock and are less common.
Asteroids are likely to be crumbly material due to all the shock waves of impacts.
Asteroids are located in outer space.
Asteroids are located in space.
Asteroids are located in universes.
Asteroids are lumps of rock that orbit our sun.
Asteroids are made of rock, metals and other elements.
Asteroids are material left over from the formation of the solar system.
Asteroids are miniature planets.
Asteroids are minor planets.
Asteroids are more like a mixture of a planetary metal core plus a mantle and a crust.
Asteroids are most likely the leftovers from the creation of the universe.
Asteroids are mountains of rock and metal that are found between Mars and Jupiter.
Asteroids are much denser and more solidly constructed objects than comets.
Asteroids are much larger than comets.
Asteroids are much more metal-rich, like the core of the Earth, Moon, Mars and any other planet.
Asteroids are much smaller than most moons and planets.
Asteroids are much smaller than the Earth or the Moon.
Asteroids are piles of rubble held together by their own gravity.
Asteroids are planets whose growth was stunted when the solar system formed.
Asteroids are relatively unknown objects in our solar system.
Asteroids are remnants of planets that have broken up.
Asteroids are rockier than comets.
Asteroids are rocky bodies found mostly in the asteroid belt, between Mars and Jupiter.
Asteroids are rocky bodies.
Asteroids are small rocky bodies tumbling through space.
Asteroids are small rocky worlds.
Asteroids are small, irregularly shaped objects, that have inert and airless surfaces.
Asteroids are smaller than any of the nine major planets of the solar system.
Asteroids are smaller than comets.
Asteroids are smaller than planets, and are sometimes called planetoids.
Asteroids are so close that many scientists think an asteroid mining mission is easily feasible.
Asteroids are space rocks.
Asteroids are surprisingly dangerous.
Asteroids are the loose cannon of the cosmos.
Asteroids are the rocky leftover debris from the formation of our solar system.
Asteroids are the rocky left-overs.
Asteroids are the source of most meteors that have hit the Earth.
Asteroids are the starfish.
Asteroids are ubiquitous, but for the most part far removed from our everyday life.
Asteroids are video games.
Asteroids avoid the bullets now.
Asteroids become darker and redder with age due to space weathering .
Asteroids can be a few feet to several hundred miles wide.
Asteroids can be devastating.
Asteroids can cause craters to accrue.
Asteroids can cause meteors to accrue.
Asteroids can explain why.
Asteroids can only stay in certain orbits.
Asteroids can provide the initial trigger for such cascades, but so can relatively minor events.
Asteroids can vary greatly in size and shape.
Asteroids can vary greatly in size.
Asteroids Click in the java area to play the game.
Asteroids Click on a title for more information or to buy it.
Asteroids come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Asteroids coming strainght on to earth are more dangerous than grazing the Earth's surface.
Asteroids exist between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
Asteroids Find out where asteroids are found, how big they are, and why they are studied.
Asteroids follow nearly circular paths as do planets.
Asteroids get a lot of attention.
Asteroids have (part) sections.
Asteroids have an airless rocky surface.
Asteroids have arms that are connected to each other.
Asteroids have known atmosphere.
Asteroids have practically no gravity.
Asteroids have seasons, too.
Asteroids have smaller semimajor axes than comets.
Asteroids hitting Earth and taking out major cities is the stuff of Hollywood sci-fi.
Asteroids hold clues to the origin and evolution of our solar system and Earth.
Asteroids hurl through the solar system.
Asteroids increase in number and in speed as the game progresses.
Asteroids is a good port of the classic game and great for a quick game.
Asteroids is a pretty good implementation of the arcade game.
Asteroids is a simple shooter, pure in all respects, with concentrated, uncomplicated gameplay.
Asteroids is easy to play.
Asteroids is similar to the classic Asteroids arcade game.
Asteroids keep bumping in to each other, and when they do, pieces of rock break off.
Asteroids lightcurves analysis.
Asteroids make up the asteroid belt.
Asteroids move and their apparent emission levels can vary by large amounts.
Asteroids move in orbits around the Earth and many other planets, and the Sun .
Asteroids offer greater detail, precision and accuracy in radix and predictive charts.
Asteroids orbit the sun like little planets while meteoroids usually have no specific orbit.
Asteroids point to an evolutionary breakthrough for humanity.
Asteroids potentially hitting the earth, there's a lot of attention now about that.
Asteroids present new difficulties and new opportuni-ties.
Asteroids present new difficulties and new opportunities.
Asteroids provide ore to harvest.
Asteroids range all over the map.
Asteroids range from a few miles to hundreds of miles wide.
Asteroids range from many kilometers to a few meters less in diameter.
Asteroids range from many kilometers to a few meters or less in diameter.
Asteroids range in size from a few miles in diameter to mere pebbles.
Asteroids returns for another color handheld outing.
Asteroids slow every ship but fighters down to a crawl and are great for defense.
Asteroids sports a custom soundtrack and great sound effects.
Asteroids talks about asteroids in general.
Asteroids travel at different rates, depending on where they are in the solar system.
Asteroids travel through space making a noise like a powerful but subdued engine.
Asteroids travel through space trailing iridescent spider webs and making whooshing noises.
Asteroids vary from different shades of brown and grey, and that's about it.
Many asteroids are keystone species.
Many asteroids are like a mixture of a planetary metal core plus a crust plus the mantle in between.
Many asteroids are rich in frozen water, and oxygen-hydrogen rocket fuel is readily producible.
Many asteroids lie outside the main belt.
Many asteroids remain undiscovered.
Most asteroids are contained within a main belt that exists between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids are in relatively stable orbits between Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids are in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids are in the region between the orbit of Mars and the orbit of Jupiter.
Most asteroids are just a jumble of minerals and rocks.
Most asteroids are made from the raw ingredients of the solar system , researchers believe.
Most asteroids are made from the raw ingredients of the solar system, researchers believe.
Most asteroids are made of rock , but some are made of carbon or metal .
Most asteroids are made of rock, but some are composed of metal, mostly nickel and iron.
Most asteroids are made of rock, but some are made of carbon or metal.
Most asteroids are of the small irregular variety.
Most asteroids are only half the size of Earth's moon.
Most asteroids are small and far away therefore, they are dim and hard to see.
Most asteroids are small and far away, therefore they are dim and hard to see.
Most asteroids are spheres.
Most asteroids circle the Sun in a 'main belt' that lies between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids have orbits between Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids lie between Mars and Jupiter, in a vast ring called the Asteroid Belt.
Most asteroids lie in a belt between Mars and Jupiter .
Most asteroids lie in a vast ring between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter .
Most asteroids occur in the region between Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids orbit in the main belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids orbit the sun between Mars and Jupiter in an area called the asteroid belt.
Most asteroids orbit the sun between Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids orbit the sun in a region between Mars and Jupiter called the Asteroid Belt.
Most asteroids orbit the sun in the asteroid belt, which is located between Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids remain in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Most asteroids travel in elliptical orbits.
Some asteroids are actually nuclei of comets that are no longer active.
Some asteroids are also suspension feeders.
Some asteroids are as small as boulders.
Some asteroids are double bodies - an asteroid and a satellite.
Some asteroids are even binary pairs, orbiting around each other.
Some asteroids are known to have their own tiny moons.
Some asteroids are reddish while others are dark.
Some asteroids cross the earth's orbit leaving debris which become meteors.
Some asteroids even have orbiting moons.
Some asteroids follow an elliptical orbit, occasionally passing dangerously close to Earth.
Some asteroids have orbits that come close to or actually cross Earth's orbit.
Some asteroids have unusual horseshoe orbits that are co-orbital with Earth or some other planet.
Some asteroids lie beyond Jupiter's orbit, and some lie inside Mars's orbit.
Some asteroids pass very close to Earth's orbit around the Sun.
Some asteroids travel in eccentric, elliptical orbits which cross the orbit of the Earth.
Asteroidal companions provide vital information about asteroids that has been difficult to obtain.
Asteroidal material is exceptionally good ore requiring a minimum of processing.
Asteroidal material is most economical.
Asteroidal material is put in the tank and heated.
Asteroidal material is relatively easy to process in space.
Asteroidal resources are unique and diverse.
Asthe temperatures cool in late summer, the fungus starts growing again.
Asthenosphere isa region.
Some asthenospheres are part of crust.
Some asthenospheres are part of lithospheres.
An asthma attack is a disease
Asthma attacks are episodic which is the feature that separates asthma from other similar diseases.
Asthma attacks are episodic, but airway inflammation is chronically present.
Asthma attacks are hard work.
Asthma attacks are illnesses.
Asthma attacks are more common in winter, especially among children.
Asthma attacks are real.
Asthma attacks are scary.
Asthma attacks are the most common cause of chronic emergency hospital visits by children.
Asthma attacks are the most common cause of hospitalizations of school age children.
Asthma attacks are typically episodic.
Asthma attacks are usually short-lived, but the condition can exist for a lifetime.
Asthma attacks are when the bronchial tubes tighten and a lake of breath occurs.
Asthma attacks can also result in a lack of sleep, which can also contribute to lethargy.
Asthma attacks can be frightening for parent and child alike.
Asthma attacks can be life threatening.
Asthma attacks can be mild or severe.
Asthma attacks can be mild, moderate, or severe.
Asthma attacks can be very frightening and there is often panic.
Asthma attacks can come suddenly or gradually, last for minutes or go on for days.
Asthma attacks can last a few minutes or a few days.
Asthma attacks can occur anywhere at anytime.
Asthma attacks can occur at variable intervals.
Asthma attacks can occur quickly and vary in severity.
Asthma attacks can occur very suddenly and often involve gasping, wheezing and coughing.
Asthma attacks can range from mild to life-threatening.
Asthma attacks can range from very mild to life-threatening.
Asthma attacks can strike without warning and last from minutes to days.
Asthma attacks can vary from mild symptoms to serious, life-threatening episodes.
Asthma attacks come and go, with wide variation in the symptoms at different times.
Asthma attacks occur at varying intervals, and the seriousness of the attacks can vary.
Every asthma attack has the potential to suffocate.
Most asthma attacks are mild.
Most asthma attacks happen in the spring or fall.
Most asthma attacks start slowly.
Some asthma attacks are just a bother, while others quickly become life-threatening.
Some asthma attacks are mild and others can quickly become life threatening.
Some asthma attacks are mild.
Some asthma attacks can get very serious.
Some asthma attacks get very serious.
Asthma death occurs in patients.
Asthma educators are available for school and workplace education.
Asthma inhalers can be hard to use.
Asthma management can become a low priority as the teenager is very concerned to be 'normal'.
Asthma management includes one or several things that can be done.
Asthma medication is addictive.
Asthma medication is dangerous.
Asthma medications are important in reversing asthma episodes and preventing recurrence of symptoms.
Asthma medications are readily available to students with asthma.
Asthma medications are safe if taken as prescribed.
Asthma medications are safe when taken as directed.
Asthma medications bring things to another level.
Asthma medications can cause shakiness and abnormal heart rate.
Asthma medications can complicate treatment.
Asthma medications come in many forms, including liquids, pills, powders, aerosols, and injections.
Asthma medications come in three different forms.
Asthma medications face tests.
Most asthma medication is delivered using an inhaler device.
Most asthma medications are safe for mother and baby during pregnancy.
Some asthma medications have side effects that cause problems with learning and behavior.
Some asthma medications use the principle of delivering a beneficial drug in a fine inhaled aerosol.
Asthma patients have symptoms.
Asthma accounts for more childhood hospitalizations than any other childhood disease.
Asthma accounts for one in six of all pediatric emergency visits in the United States.
Asthma advances of the decade.
Asthma affects bronchi.
Asthma affects bronchioles.
Asthma causes airway inflammation.
Asthma causes breathing problems.
Asthma causes chronic inflammation of the lungs.
Asthma causes inflammation in the lungs which can result in scarring.
Asthma causes inflammation of the airways.
Asthma causes inflammation.
Asthma causes more deaths than ever.
Asthma causes recurring episodes of coughing, wheezing, chest tightness, and difficult breathing.
Asthma causes wheezing, coughing, and shortness of breath.
Asthma changes progressively during the lifetime of someone who has it.
Asthma crimps family plans.
Asthma developing late in life tends to be nonallergic without positive skin tests.
Asthma differs greatly from person to person.
Asthma has (part) coughs.
Asthma is a disease
Asthma is caused by exposure.
Asthma is diseases.
Asthma is respiratory diseases.
Asthma isa disease.
Asthma lives in the cities , researchers say.
Asthma occurs in African-American children at three times the national rate.
Asthma presents as a spectrum of severity rather than in discrete severity groups.
Asthma produces chronic inflammation of the airways with progressive airway remodeling.
Asthma ranks among the most common chronic conditions in Canada.
Asthma ranks among the top ten reasons for visiting a doctor.
Asthma runs in families because it has a genetic component.
Asthma runs in families to some extent.
Asthma starts as nocturnal asthma, but becomes persistent.
Asthma strikes only a fraction of workers.
Asthma tends to occur in families where others have asthma, hay fever, or eczema.
Asthma tends to occur in families.
Asthma tends to occur within families.
Asthma tends to run in families with asthma, hayfever or eczema.
Asthma tends to run in families.
Most asthma affects bronchi.
Most asthma affects bronchioles.
Most asthma causes airway inflammation.
Most asthma causes inflammation.
Most asthma is caused by exposure.
Some asthma affects humans.
Some asthma is also non-allergy related, called intrinsic asthma.
Asthmatic children are especially at risk.
Asthmatic children are especially powerless over their exposure to secondhand smoke.
Asthmatic children have a certain power over their parents.
Many asthmatic children wheeze soon after they get coughs and colds.
More asthmatic children are overweight or obese than their peers.
Some asthmatic children are extremely sensitive.
Many asthmatic medications are nervous system stimulants and are known to produce hyperventilation.
Some asthmatic medications can produce hyperventilation.
Asthmatic patients are also at higher risk of sinusitis.
Asthmatic patients are especially at risk.
Asthmatic patients are very allergic to tainted air.
Most asthmatic patients know the hazards of breathing cold air, particularly during exercise.
Asthmatic people respond to substances in the environment called triggers.
Asthmatic problems are typically more frequent and more severe at night.
Asthmatic sufferers breathe easier.
Asthmatic swimmers are similarly more susceptible to respiratory infection.
Asthmatic symptoms can occur, especially in patients with nasal polyps.
An asthmatic is a person
Asthmatics appear to be at particular risk for pulmonary effects.
Asthmatics are also more susceptible to pneumonia and other respiratory infections.
Asthmatics are at greater risk of developing irreversible airway damage from smoking.
Asthmatics are especially sensitive.
Asthmatics are often short of breath and have a feeling of tightness in the chest.
Asthmatics are particularly sensitive to infection, weather, exercise, irritants and allergens.
Asthmatics are particularly vulnerable to viruses because steroids suppress the immune system.
Asthmatics are people.
Asthmatics are perhaps the most affected by periodic wood smoke exposure.
Asthmatics are usually allergic to inhaled allergens, which act as an attack trigger.
Asthmatics are usually low in Magnesium and Magnesium relaxes spasms of the bronchial passages.
Asthmatics can continue their medication.
Asthmatics can do a number of things to help themselves, though.
Asthmatics can expect to hear more about IgE in the near future.
Asthmatics can experience three separate airway difficulties .
Asthmatics can experience wheezing, a hallmark of an asthma attack.
Asthmatics can find some relief by avoiding humid conditions.
Asthmatics commonly experience acute asthma at times of emotional reactions.
Asthmatics have bronchial airway obstruction, some more than others.
Asthmatics have higher risk of heart disease, study finds.
Asthmatics have to fight to exhale.
Asthmatics monitor their own lung function and adjust their steroid dose accordingly.
Asthmatics rely on drugs to prevent or reverse their disease.
Asthmatics suffer from narrowing of the bronchial tubes.
Asthmatics tend to have markedly high leukotriene levels.
Asthmatics always have sensitive, and swollen or inflamed airways, even when there are no symptoms.
Asthmatics sometimes go from wheezing to apneic remarkably quickly.
Every asthmatic also needs a rescue inhaler for acute bronchoconstriction.
Every asthmatic has to first get off dairy to help their condition.
Every asthmatic is alittle different.
Many asthmatics also react to insecticide.
Many asthmatics are allergic to certain dusts or to microorganisms in fur or feathers.
Many asthmatics are particularly sensitive to sulfur dioxide.
Many asthmatics benefit from tuition in proper breathing techniques.
Many asthmatics feel better if they change their place of living.
Many asthmatics smoke or are engulfed in smoke in their own household.
Many asthmatics suffer from viral infections in the respiratory airways.
Most asthmatics are take medications to prevent an attack from happening.
Most asthmatics have a small amount of inflammation in the airways all of the time.
Some asthmatics are very sensitive to weather changes.
Some asthmatics cough and wheeze, others only cough.
Some asthmatics develop exaggerated responses.
Some asthmatics have problems when they breathe too deeply.
Most astigmatic corneas have two curves a steeper curve and a flatter curve.
Astigmatic corrections are cylindrical and are added to any prescription for myopia or hyperopia.
Astigmatic eyes have toric or football-shaped corneas.
Astigmatism is disability
Astigmatism tends to run in families.
Some astigmatism lowers the contrast here.
Astilbe foliage varies from dark green to bronze.
An astilbe is a herb
Astilbes also make wonderful cut or dried flowers.
Astilbes also vary greatly in height.
Astilbes are great perennials for shady areas in the landscape.
Astilbes are herbs.
Astilbes are perennials.
Astilbes are plants.
Astilbes are tremendous weapons in the fight against rugs and dumplings.
Astilbes are useful additions to the summer border or for massing in the shaded garden.
Astilbes come in a variety of colours to suit all borders.
Astilbes have beautiful spike-like clusters of flowers that sway gracefully in the wind.
Astilbes look their best when grown in large clumps.
Astilbes perform best in moist, well-drained soils.
Astilbes prefer moist, rich soil that is well-drained in winter.
Astilbes provide dramatic color displays in the spring woodland garden.
Astilbes shine when many other shade loving perennials are waning.
Astilbes thrive in moist shade.
ASTL constraints are all in the form of backward-chaining constraints.
Aston students are involved with pupil, from infant schools right up to Sixth form colleges.
Astonish cleaner works like magic and is recommended for use on all vitreous enamel surfaces.
Some astonish results attract attention.
Astonished critics wonder if the creatures are real.
Astonishing looks are the job description.
Astonishing things happen.
Astonishment crosses the students' faces.
Astonishment exists in the old world.
Astonishment here is highly prized, and utter poverty essential.
Astonishment is desirable.
Astonishment is feeling
Astonishment is feelings.
Astonishment is no more in hand or shoulder, But darkens, and dies out from kiss to kiss.
Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
Astonishment isa feeling.
Astonishment reveals stupidity And envy is a low, vile sentiment.
Astoria soils are clayey.
Astoria soils are silty clay or clay and lack hard rock fragments.
Astragalus phoenix has a very limited distribution, any loss of habitat is critical.
An astragalus is a bone
Astragalus adsurgens var.
Astragalus also benefits the immune system.
Astragalus also have positive effects on heart function.
Astragalus appears to restore T-cell counts to relatively normal ranges in some cancer patients.
Astragalus begins to build up the immune system to provide support on a long-term basis.
Astragalus boosts the immune system.
Astragalus can potentially help boost the immune system.
Astragalus consists of flavonoids, polysaccharides, glycosides, amino acids , and trace minerals.
Astragalus contains immune enhancing polysaccharide.
Astragalus enhances immune function and are good for cold and flu symptoms.
Astragalus enhances T cell function.
Astragalus gypsodes .
Astragalus has an immune stimulating effect.
Astragalus has no known harmful side-effects.
Astragalus has no known side effects when used as recommended.
Astragalus helps bone marrow and lymphatic tissue form immune cells.
Astragalus helps to restore a normal immune function.
Astragalus helps to revive strength and normalize vitality.
Astragalus increases energy safely and improves nutrient absorption.
Astragalus is a Chinese tonic herb, known as huang qi.
Astragalus is a general immune booster, very mild and easy to use.
Astragalus is a good source of the essential trace mineral selenium.
Astragalus is a large genus in the pea family, some species of which are toxic to live stock.
Astragalus is a major stamina builder among athletes.
Astragalus is a wonderful herb for treating many immune system problems, including allergies.
Astragalus is also popularly used for the prevention and treatment of colds and flus.
Astragalus is an exciting and potentially promising herb.
Astragalus is an herb native to northern China.
Astragalus is an herb that is part of the legume family.
Astragalus is an immune system stimulant.
Astragalus is available in many forms.
Astragalus is considered a warming herb in Chinese medicine suitable only for cold conditions.
Astragalus is considered an immune stimulation herb.
Astragalus is known for preventing and treating colds and other respiratory related conditions.
Astragalus is sometimes available in a dried, shredded form.
Astragalus is taken in China by cancer patients to boost immunity after drug or radiation treatment.
Astragalus is the herb of choice for deep immune building during non-acute phases.
Astragalus is used to prevent colds and flu and to restore immune strength once an illness is over.
Astragalus is useful in strengthening the immune system.
Astragalus magdalenae var.
Astragalus prefers sun and a deep, sandy, well-drained, somewhat alkaline soil.
Astragalus promotes generation and maturation of various kinds of cells including blood cells.
Astragalus provides immune support on a long-term basis.
Astragalus provides what is known as deep immune support.
Astragalus reduces autoimmune response such as that caused by rheumatoid arthritis and lupus .
Astragalus serves to enhance non-specific immune resistance.
Astragalus shows support for peripheral vascular diseases and peripheral circulation.
Astragalus stimulates the immune system, increases energy and promotes tissue regeneration.
Astragalus stimulates virtually every phase of immune system activity.
Astragalus strenghtens the immune system.
Astragalus strengthens the immune system.
Astragalus toquimanus is a sensitive species, and is currently a priority for field surveys.
Astragaluses are plants.
Astral bodies drip like wine.
Astral energies are energies in the state of formation.
Astral entities live in their own world on the astral plane.
Astral playground is where it goes.
Astral projection is another interesting topic that offers a wide range of information.
Astral projection is perhaps the most dynamic use of aether.
Astral projection is the ability for one's consciousness to leave one's body.
Astral projection is the ability of the soul to travel outside of the body.
Astral rays extend from the centriole.
Astral shells are odic astral bodies that have been discarded by their inhabitants.
Astral travel offers many possibilities.
Astral worlds are typically clean, pure and well organized.
An astringency is contractility
Astringencies are contractility.
Astringencies are taste.
Astringency is a sensation or feeling, a dry, puckery feeling in the mouth.
Astringency is a tough one, and, of course, viscosity and the thickness.
Astringency is lost readily.
Astringency is removed by cooking, and choke cherries make tasty pie-fillings, sauces and wine.
An astringent is medicine
Astringent exhibits both tonic and diuretic properties.
Astringents alleviate the pruritus, irritation and pain produced by haemorrhoids.
Astringents also help in binding up loose bowels in diarrhea.
Astringents are antiseptic and help shrink swollen tissue.
Astringents are medicine.
Astringents are usually for oily skin and are often designed to fight acne or control oil.
Most astro art depicts the goat high in the peaks, or as a centaur archer pulling the bow.
Astro flight has nothing to do with magic.
Many astro geeks prefer the latter.
Many astro geeks use news to communicate with each other.
All astro machines are in the astro.gla.ac.uk mail domain, and already use an equivalent mail core.
Astro match is primary.
Many astro students spend a considerable amount of time at observatories doing research or lab work.
Astrobiology addresses three basic questions, which have been asked in some form for generations.
Astrobiology embraces the big scale of astronomy and the small scale of biology.
Astrobiology is a forum for lifelong learning.
Astrobiology is a growing field right now with the possibility of looking for life on other planets.
Astrobiology is a new field of science that is actually growing up on the Internet.
Astrobiology is a new field of study.
Astrobiology is a new scientific field for the study of the possibilites of extraterrestrial life.
Astrobiology is a spectrum of sciences focused on learning more about life both on Earth and off.
Astrobiology is biology
Astrobiology is biology.
Astrobiology is concerned with the origin, distribution, and destiny of life in the universe.
Astrobiology is here .
Astrobiology is multidisciplinary.
Astrobiology is the search for the origin, evolution and destiny of life in the universe.
Astrobiology is the study of Earth science, space science and evolutionary biology.
Astrobiology is the study of life in a cosmic context.
Astrobiology is the study of life in space.
Astrobiology is the study of life in the cosmos.
Astrobiology is the study of life in the universe.
Astrobiology is the study of life on the moons and planets of the stars.
Astrobiology is the study of the origin, distribution and limitations of life in the cosmos.
Astrobiology is the study of the origin, distribution, and destiny of life in the universe.
Astrobiology is the study of the origin, evolution and destiny of life in the universe.
Astrobiology is the study of the origin, evolution, dispersion and future of life in the universe.
Astrobiology is the study of the origin, evolution, distribution and future of life in the universe.
Astrobiology is the study of the possibility of life other than on the earth.
Astrobiology is tremendously exciting.
Astrobiology remains a science with no data to support it.
An astrocyte is a glial cell
Astrocytes also take up various extracellular ions.
Astrocytes are accessory cells found in the nervous system.
Astrocytes are also important for maintaining proper ionic balance in the extracellular fluid.
Astrocytes are important for regulation of metabolic activities of neurons.
Astrocytes are key players in the cellular response to injury in the nervous system.
Astrocytes are star-shaped cells that provide the scaffolding upon which neurons can grow.
Astrocytes are the most plentiful and diverse of the glial cells.
Astrocytes can take up neurotransmitters, and even possess neurotransmitter receptors.
Astrocytes contain many intermediate filaments suggesting they provide structural support .
Astrocytes create the blood-brain barrier that keeps unwanted substances out of the brain tissue.
Astrocytes express functional chemokine receptors.
Astrocytes form scar tissue in the form of astoglial fibers.
Astrocytes generate isoprostanes in response to trauma or oxygen radicals.
Astrocytes have a complex morphology with numerous fine processes that ensheath synapses.
Astrocytes have elaborate processes that extend between blood vessels and neurons.
Astrocytes have numerous filaments within their cell bodies and processes.
Astrocytes have other functions.
Astrocytes participate in maintenance of brain homeostasis and disease pathogenesis.
Astrocytes play a central role in maintaining brain homeostasis.
Astrocytes represent the most abundant cell type of the adult nervous system.
Astrocytes then cause the toxic effects on the motor neurons .
Astrodynamic specialty is in high demand, but hard to get.
Astroglial cells are the most common cells in brain tissue.
AstroGLU functionality is constructed around the main dictionary.
An astrolabe is a sextant
Astrolabes are disks marked along the edges with degrees of the circle and with movable pointers.
Astrolabes are scientific instruments used for reckoning time and for observational purposes.
Astrolabes show how the sky looks at a specific place at a given time.
An astrologer is a soothsayer
Astrologer predicts the end of the world.
Astrologers also compute the distance between planets, using a variety of degrees.
Astrologers are in error and are condemned.
Astrologers are now aware of the precession.
Astrologers are the forward observers.
Astrologers are under the same obligation.
Astrologers behave like psychologists when they make predictions about someone's life.
Astrologers behave like sophists.
Astrologers believe higher spiritual laws explain the success and value of astrology.
Astrologers believe that all things in our universe are intimately and deeply connected.
Astrologers believe that the basis behind astrology is, as above, so below .
Astrologers call an already-peaked aspect on that is separating, meaning it is on the decline.
Astrologers can accurately predict future events.
Astrologers can do a bit of everything, because they can offer insight into anything.
Astrologers can focus on different areas based on their inclinations and their clients' needs.
Astrologers consider Mars and the moon to be male and female respectively.
Astrologers consider the moon to be the personality and the sun to be the individuality.
Astrologers determine tendancies and predispositions of characteristics of persons and events.
Astrologers divide a year into twelve equal sections called the zodiac.
Astrologers do it with heavenly bodies.
Astrologers generally consider Venus to be the planet of love.
Astrologers have no way of knowing the exact future.
Astrologers inspire self-awareness and spiritual growth.
Astrologers learn more about astrology through the study of the charts of famous individuals.
Astrologers learn to interpret a chart by first memorizing .
Astrologers love to debate house systems.
Astrologers place different attributes under the headings of the various planets and Zodiacal signs.
Astrologers plot the state of the heavens at someone's birth on what they call a natal chart.
Astrologers read the fate of individuals and nations in the signs of the zodiac.
Astrologers read the truth sketched out in the conformation of heavenly bodies.
Astrologers say each sign of the zodiac is an extreme reaction against the preceding sign.
Astrologers spend years studying and developing their craft.
Astrologers tend to believe that their clients are satisfied because astrology is accurate.
Astrologers use a representation of the zodiac to draw a chart called a horoscope.
Astrologers use astrology to see patterns of time and meaning that subtly shape reality.
Astrologers use several techniques to look at upcoming trends in a person's life.
Astrologers use the South Node to describe where a person came from in the previous life.
All astrologers have clients who want their future foretold.
Many Astrologers believe in a natural synchronicity between the stars and events.
Many astrologers currently use both systems simultaneously.
Many astrologers doubt the value of personality tests.
Many astrologers find Eclipses to be a useful tool.
Many astrologers have their own personal collection of data and charts, often in thousands.
Many astrologers interpret house cusps very precisely.
Many astrologers love to study eclipses and their work has been published through the ages.
Many astrologers offer tape-recorded readings, another option to consider.
Many astrologers seem to be uncomfortable displaying their own charts.
Many astrologers use one or more other techniques beside astrology.
Most astrologers are capable of working with a number of different systems.
Most astrologers develop their intuitive insights through study and practice.
Some astrologers believe that there is a correlation between earthquakes and sharp market drops.
Some astrologers call it an earthquake chart.
Some astrologers claim that astrology is a science.
Some astrologers claim the chart can take hold a few months prior to the birthday.
Some astrologers consider rectified times more accurate than birth times.
Some astrologers do, particularly eastern astrologers, who are fatalistic.
Some astrologers imagine that eclipses are bad omens.
Some astrologers insist that hand calculation is the best way to do it.
Some astrologers link it to negative karma.
Some astrologers only focus on the spiritual aspects of astrology.
Some astrologers refer to the fifth as the party house, and it's an apt description.
Some astrologers tend to put too much emphasis on the retrogression phenomenon.
Astrological charts predict a person's predisposition toward acting in a certain manner.
Astrological charts serve as a reminder of when myth and magic governed our lives.
Most astrological charts are a geocentric chart, which is an earth-centered chart.
Astrological consultations are also available.
Astrological enthusiasts can view the stars at night following the performances.
Some astrological events are a lot more unusual than others.
Astrological forecasts are ploys to get users to reveal their birth dates.
Some astrological indicators seem fail proof.
Astrological influences indicate ambient magical atmosphere for workings.
Astrological interpretation requires a perceptual shift, a kind of metaphoric knowing.
Astrological interpretations can reveal unknown or unseen character traits.
Astrological interpretations indicate our inclinations and tendencies.
Astrological language is that of imagination and the arts rather than science.
Astrological match is also available.
Many astrological questions belong to the why category.
Astrological reports make great gifts, especially for birthdays.
Astrological research is a fascinating and often controversial area.
Astrological signs have no relation to planet activity in the named constellations.
Astrological signs play a part in how Sims interact with each other.
Astrological speculations dominate several papers.
More astrological symbols are in the lefthand corner.
Astrological Terms Sign up for our monthly e-newsletter.
An astrologist is a soothsayer
Astrologists do it on the cusp.
Astrologists say that stubborness can be a trait, and they tend to cherish material goods.
Astrologists frequently worry about the position of Jupiter relative to the Earth.
Astrology is belief systems.
Astrology is pseudoscience
Astrology is pseudoscience.
Astrology Provides daily horoscopes, numerology, tarot, and related astrological information.
Astrometric analysis refers to the precise calculation of position and velocity.
Astrometric measures are of fundamental importance in many areas of astronomical study.
Astronaut safety is our number one concern.
Astronaut training is difficult.
Astronaut training is hard work.
An astronaut is a traveler
Astronaut isa traveler.
Astronaut isa traveller.
Astronauts add a corrective optics system to fix the telescope's myopic vision.
Astronauts adopt a workaday attitude toward life in outer space.
Astronauts also experience bone loss, muscle atrophy and other physiological alterations.
Astronauts also experience the discomfort of a swollen head.
Astronauts also report sleeping difficulties in space.
Astronauts also wear fine-fabric gloves inside the outer glove units for comfort.
Astronauts are a little taller in space than on Earth.
Astronauts are a select group of employees with unique occupational risks.
Astronauts are all experts in their fields.
Astronauts are also at risk.
Astronauts are also free to take photographs of any interesting or attractive scenes.
Astronauts are also vulnerable.
Astronauts are among the most enthusiastic boosters of such a nuclear-powered mission.
Astronauts are at much greater risk than crew of commercial aircraft.
Astronauts are books.
Astronauts are brave.
Astronauts are from America.
Astronauts are government workers.
Astronauts are humans.
Astronauts are like everybody else.
Astronauts are like modern-day knights in shining armor, suiting up to get the job done.
Astronauts are located in moons.
Astronauts are located in orbits.
Astronauts are located in space shuttles.
Astronauts are located in space stations.
Astronauts are located in spaceships.
Astronauts are notorious jury-riggers.
Astronauts are one type of person that goes into space.
Astronauts are out to launch.
Astronauts are people.
Astronauts are pilots or mission specialists.
Astronauts are real shutterbugs, never missing an opportunity to photograph the Earth from orbit.
Astronauts are safe so long as they avoid extra-vehicular activities.
Astronauts are scientists who work beyond the earth's atmosphere in the frontier of outer space.
Astronauts are skilled workers.
Astronauts are strapped into their sleeping bags.
Astronauts are taller in space because on earth they're bones are pushed closer together by gravity.
Astronauts are trained in use.
Astronauts are travelers.
Astronauts are used for weightlessness.
Astronauts are usually eligible for a flight assignment one year after completion of basic training.
Astronauts are very horny.
Astronauts are, by definition, superachievers.
Astronauts become a little taller in space.
Astronauts become shift workers to handle their myriad tasks.
Astronauts become very thirsty while working in space.
Astronauts begin waking for first full day of return trip.
Astronauts bring their own snacks and lunches.
Astronauts brush their teeth just like they do on Earth.
Astronauts brush their teeth, take sponge baths, and go to the bathroom in space.
Astronauts can also be strapped onto cycling and rowing machines.
Astronauts can also browse the Internet and email family members.
Astronauts can be in big trouble.
Astronauts can be pilots or have military flight training.
Astronauts can brush in space thanks to a very clever invention.
Astronauts can even invent food games.
Astronauts can grow an inch in a few days.
Astronauts can lose bone density while in zero-gravity conditions for extended periods.
Astronauts can now send and receive e-mail in space.
Astronauts can see meteors burn up in the atmosphere.
Astronauts can sleep standing up, upside-down, or even in the air.
Astronauts can then adjust their techniques to improve results.
Astronauts can thus sleep in any sort of position regardless of where they are.
Astronauts can use a treadmill as a form of resistance exercise.
Astronauts carry a limited water supply.
Astronauts claim that after travelling into space their view of Earth has changed.
Astronauts complete food frequency questionnaires to determine nutrient intake.
Astronauts consume calories.
Astronauts consume energy.
Astronauts consume enough energy.
Astronauts consume sufficient calories.
Astronauts continue to be privy to sensational views of the auroras.
Astronauts continue to break new aeronautic barriers.
Astronauts deal with the challenges of working in a spacesuit.
Astronauts deal with the harsh realities of survival in space.
Astronauts depend on special gases to detect leaks in their space equipment.
Astronauts do experiments.
Astronauts do get one break.
Astronauts do special exercises while they are in space to keep from losing bone mass.
Astronauts do what they do because they're trained to go up there and do it.
Astronauts dock with the station and transfer more supplies for the upcoming inhabitants.
Astronauts don their flight suits.
Astronauts eat food from plastic bags by squeezing it out.
Astronauts eat food.
Astronauts eat freeze-dried foods and drink though straws when they are in space.
Astronauts Eat in orbit.
Astronauts eat meals.
Astronauts eat moist food.
Astronauts eat slowly though, just like on Earth, as work schedules permit.
Astronauts encounter similar risks because air pressure in a spacesuit is lower than normal.
Astronauts even experience space-sickness.
Astronauts exercise their arms by pushing upward on the bar while walking.
Astronauts experience weightlessness.
Astronauts experiencing high g forces on liftoff weigh more than their normal weight.
Astronauts explore a new planet in Interstellar.
Astronauts feel and even look somewhat different.
Astronauts feel body weight.
Astronauts feel weight.
Astronauts feel weightless when they are in outer .
Astronauts feel weightless, by comparison.
Astronauts find themselves in a pickle when they discover the spare in the trunk is flat.
Astronauts float around weightless, sleep standing up and take sponge baths instead of showers.
Astronauts float too.
Astronauts fly to various destinations to conduct research and experiments.
Astronauts gain an inch or two in height and even the face changes quite a bit.
Astronauts generally are specialists in at least one field of study and knowledgeable in several.
Astronauts get to fly for an initial taste of weightlessness.
Astronauts go out into space.
Astronauts go to Mars and set up biospheres.
Astronauts go to school to learn what to do in space and how to act in emergencies.
Astronauts have (part) arms.
Astronauts have (part) body substances.
Astronauts have (part) cell membranes.
Astronauts have (part) cells.
Astronauts have (part) corpi.
Astronauts have (part) cytoplasm.
Astronauts have (part) heads.
Astronauts have (part) human bodies.
Astronauts have (part) legs.
Astronauts have (part) material bodies.
Astronauts have (part) necks.
Astronauts have (part) nuclei.
Astronauts have (part) personality.
Astronauts have (part) plasma membranes.
Astronauts have (part) sections.
Astronauts have (part) vacuoles.
Astronauts have a lot of trouble scratching their noses and ears during a space walk.
Astronauts have a reduced red blood cell mass after exposure to space.
Astronauts have acceleration.
Astronauts have college degrees in science or engineering.
Astronauts have cumulative legal limits of radiation that they can be exposed to.
Astronauts have homes.
Astronauts have nothing on powder hounds.
Astronauts have some changes in their bones when they're up in space.
Astronauts have the same problems as sailors, but for a different reason.
Astronauts have to be fit, fast thinking and able to work well in a team.
Astronauts have to be fit, fast thinking and be able to work well in a team.
Astronauts have to bring in the mail, too.
Astronauts have to exercise at least two hours every day in space.
Astronauts have to helped out of the capsule - get orthostatic symptoms.
Astronauts have to pass a complete physical.
Astronauts have to pilot the spacecraft and also do servicing.
Astronauts have to spit into a washcloth.
Astronauts have to take out the garbage, too.
Astronauts have to work throughout the night to fix email and internet problems.
Astronauts install two new science instruments.
Astronauts join crews.
Astronauts journey to the outer planets in hibernation to preserve resources.
Astronauts keep daily journals of their time in space.
Astronauts laugh a lot.
Astronauts launch into third.
Astronauts like to do launch.
Astronauts like to have fun too.
Astronauts lose a lot of bone density in space due to the absence of gravity.
Astronauts lose life.
Astronauts lose their sense of knowing exactly where they are.
Astronauts make appearances.
Astronauts make big wobbly drops of water float around in a space-craft.
Astronauts now have all different backgrounds.
Astronauts open their food with scissors and use forks and spoons to eat right out of the package.
Astronauts pass on alien DNA in sleazy sequel.
Astronauts perform maintenance.
Astronauts perform routine maintenance.
Astronauts plan to join their structure with a Russian component already in orbit.
Astronauts planning a space walk can stay indoors until the danger passes.
Astronauts practice underwater to learn how to work in the weightlessness of space.
Astronauts prepare to take off.
Astronauts receive psychological and physical training for space flight.
Astronauts receive velcroed slippers and gloves.
Astronauts regularly talk to their families and school children while in orbit.
Astronauts rehearse their mission many times before liftoff.
Astronauts report it feels good.
Astronauts report that it is an unbelievable view even after having seen many pictures and movies.
Astronauts return to earth.
Astronauts say it's what they do in their spare time onboard.
Astronauts see earth.
Astronauts sign up for a tour of duty, much as someone who joins a branch of military service.
Astronauts sleep in bags that are attached to one of the sides of the ship.
Astronauts sleep only six hours each night, on average.
Astronauts spend a lot of time training for each voyage.
Astronauts spend long spans of time in space, and they have to eat.
Astronauts spend more time in simulators than in space.
Astronauts suit up inside the shuttle.
Astronauts surprise recipients at their desks or work spaces while other employees gather around.
Astronauts swear that the view is never dull.
Astronauts take actions.
Astronauts take medicine to alleviate the pain or discomfort caused by the body's adaption to space.
Astronauts tend to sleep poorly.
Astronauts to eat food.
Astronauts to orbit earth.
Astronauts toss and turn restlessly in orbit.
Astronauts train for years in order to explore space.
Astronauts train on simulators before actual missions.
Astronauts travel into space aboard space shuttles.
Astronauts travel into space and they use the Earth's gravity to orbit around it.
Astronauts unite space modules.
Astronauts use a device that resembles a toilet seat.
Astronauts use bright lights to signal day and red goggles to signal night to their bodies.
Astronauts use devices.
Astronauts use flush toilets.
Astronauts use hand holds to pull themselves along.
Astronauts use knife, fork, and spoon.
Astronauts use machines.
Astronauts use only straws to eat.
Astronauts use special instruments to observe the earth, the stars, and the sun.
Astronauts use special kinds of soap and shampoo.
Astronauts use the fast two-seater to keep up on their flying skills.
Astronauts use the handrails to pull themselves through the space station.
Astronauts use the treadmill or exercise bike and bungee cord themselves in place.
Astronauts use toilets.
Astronauts use tools.
Astronauts use two-hand controllers to manage the movement of the robotic arm.
Astronauts use workout machines.
Astronauts wear business attire under their spacesuits.
Astronauts wear spacesuits when they fly in the space shuttle , rockets , or space stations .
Astronauts wear spacesuits when they fly in the space shuttle, rockets, or space stations.
Astronauts wear special helmets for space travel.
Astronauts wear suits in outer space because humans can only exist in a certain atmosphere.
Astronauts wear underwear lined with water tubes to keep cool.
Astronauts wear various types of clothing for all aspects of a mission to space.
Astronauts withstand enormous deceleration during re-entry, but for only a matter of seconds.
Astronauts work for the federal government.
Astronauts write a one minute speech that supports another Mars mission.
Astronauts often choose strong-tasting food to combat the loss of taste.
Astronauts often experience weakening of their hearts and blood vessels in space.
Astronauts usually get along.
All astronauts are very well-educated and in top physical condition.
All astronauts have some special skills, either as pilots or scientists.
All astronauts lose some calcium and bone mass.
Many astronauts apply more than once.
Many astronauts are mission specialist astronauts .
Many astronauts celebrate their first trip into orbit by losing their lunch.
Many astronauts describe feelings of wonder upon viewing the earth from space.
Many astronauts experience motion sickness, at least for a while.
Many astronauts find it difficult to stand without fainting immediately after their return to Earth.
Many astronauts get queasy at the sight of food after even short space flights.
Many astronauts have advanced degrees.
Many astronauts have doctoral degrees.
Many astronauts have multiple degrees in different fields and many are pilots.
Many astronauts have trouble adjusting to zero gravity.
Many astronauts kneed the container to distribute the water more evenly throughout the container.
Many astronauts say the same.
Many astronauts spend weeks or even months in space at a time.
Most astronauts are pretty good about signing their books.
Most astronauts are trained in use.
Most astronauts consume calories.
Most astronauts consume enough energy.
Most astronauts consume sufficient calories.
Most astronauts do experiments.
Most astronauts eat food.
Most astronauts eat meals.
Most astronauts eat moist food.
Most astronauts experience weightlessness.
Most astronauts feel body weight.
Most astronauts feel weight.
Most astronauts find it hard to stand during their first days back on Earth.
Most astronauts have acceleration.
Most astronauts have graduate degrees plus some experience.
Most astronauts have homes.
Most astronauts have very hard heads.
Most astronauts join crews.
Most astronauts lose life.
Most astronauts make appearances.
Most astronauts perform maintenance.
Most astronauts perform routine maintenance.
Most astronauts report having difficulty sleeping in microgravity.
Most astronauts return to earth.
Most astronauts see earth.
Most astronauts sleep for just six hours.
Most astronauts take actions.
Most astronauts train for two to ten years before their first space mission.
Most astronauts use devices.
Most astronauts use flush toilets.
Most astronauts use machines.
Most astronauts use toilets.
Most astronauts use tools.
Most astronauts use workout machines.
Some astronauts announce versions.
Some astronauts are doctors.
Some astronauts are little affected, while others have severe symptoms.
Some astronauts are pilot astronauts .
Some astronauts are still in the military and are paid by their military branch.
Some astronauts arrive on Mars to discover why colleagues from earlier missions have gone silent.
Some astronauts become experts in several support or operational areas.
Some astronauts become ill while traveling in space, their ailment being similar to car sickness.
Some astronauts experience vision problems.
Some astronauts find it difficult to float in sleeping bags.
Some astronauts find possums.
Some astronauts get flight.
Some astronauts get into trouble.
Some astronauts have degrees in physics.
Some astronauts have weight.
Some astronauts learn to drive the space shuttle because they practiced and practiced.
Some astronauts lose weight.
Some astronauts now bungee themselves to a wall, or just float free in the cargo area.
Some astronauts participate in missions.
Some astronauts prefer more privacy on longer missions.
Some astronauts rely on inertia.
Some astronauts require consideration.
Some astronauts require special consideration.
Some astronauts say that adaptation to space gets easier with each mission they fly.
Some astronauts sleep in sleeping bags that are velcroed into one of the walls in the shuttle.
Some astronauts stay in space, six months or more, testing equipment and solitude.
Some astronauts take steps.
Some astronauts use a meal tray to hold the food containers.
Some astronauts walk in space, while others stay inside.
Some astronauts watch scenes.
Astronautical engineers have the potential of working all across the globe.
Astronavigation is a company that manufactures all-analog audio products.
Astronavigation is navigation
Astrong relationship exists between spectral reflectance and the amount of green vegetation .
An astronomer is a physicist
Astronomer isa scientist.
Astronomers act as children.
Astronomers adapt the Earth's orbit to make a huge rangefinder.
Astronomers add a slit, which focuses the colors of starlight into a band.
Astronomers adopt a classroom and visit the same students at least four times during the year.
Astronomers advocate lighting that is shielded with reflectors.
Astronomers aglow about infrared maps .
Astronomers aim for shortest submillimeter wavelengths.
Astronomers already know that the early history of the universe was very dynamic.
Astronomers also categorize galaxies by how much energy they produce in their cores.
Astronomers also hope to see jets of dust emerging from the comet's nucleus.
Astronomers also hope to use the solar corona studies to better understand other stars.
Astronomers also measure distances, but they are on a different scale from the ones noted above.
Astronomers also refer to a certain kind of variable star as an eclipsing binary.
Astronomers also study stars by passing their light through a glass prism or a diffraction grating.
Astronomers also suspect that many galaxies have extremely massive black holes at their centers.
Astronomers also use another unit for measuring the distance to other parts of the Milky Way Galaxy.
Astronomers analyze spectra and images of a celestial body to get a complete picture.
Astronomers announce discoveries.
Astronomers answer questions about the Sun and the solar eclipse.
Astronomers apply the laws of spectroscopy in analyzing radiation from beyond Earth.
Astronomers appreciate functions.
Astronomers are a lot easier.
Astronomers are able to calculate past and future passes of comets based on present behavior.
Astronomers are able to gage the mass of the planets if they have an idea of how far away they are.
Astronomers are able to look back in time, by observing galaxies at ever greater distances.
Astronomers are able to look in detail only at the sun's closest neighbors.
Astronomers are also eager to study sources that are small, faint and complex.
Astronomers are always on the look out for new members of the solar system.
Astronomers are artwork.
Astronomers are both elated and perplexed by the new discovery.
Astronomers are content to solve such profound questions incrementally, one discovery at a time.
Astronomers are convinced it was the visible portion of the event that created the gamma ray signal.
Astronomers are dishonest - publishing theories already known to be false in peer reviewed journals.
Astronomers are eager for observations of the sun's corona, or outer atmosphere.
Astronomers are especially interested in the voids between the superclusters.
Astronomers are especially keen to predict destructive solar storms.
Astronomers are excited about discovering and studying brown dwarfs.
Astronomers are experts on the properties of light.
Astronomers are finally able to start testing their ideas about how planets form.
Astronomers are in the hard sciences and earn a nice living.
Astronomers are interested in pulsars for a number of reasons.
Astronomers are just shadows and voices in the darkness.
Astronomers are keen to point out that to observe sunspots care is needed.
Astronomers are likely to know more about astronomy and technology.
Astronomers are no exception.
Astronomers are people who watch and study the sky.
Astronomers are physicists.
Astronomers are present during all observing sessions and available for informal discussions.
Astronomers are pretty sure in general how stars form.
Astronomers are queer ducks.
Astronomers are scientists that use remote sensing to study the stars.
Astronomers are scientists.
Astronomers are scientists.
Astronomers are skeptics at heart.
Astronomers are still uncertain about how the Earth s atmosphere formed.
Astronomers are still uncertain about how the Earth's atmosphere formed.
Astronomers are still uncertain as to where our sun's magnetic field comes from.
Astronomers are unsure about the composition of the darker materials.
Astronomers are unsure what's happening.
Astronomers are very good at digging weak signals out of hugely noisy backgrounds.
Astronomers are workers.
Astronomers are wrong about the distances to stars and galaxies.
Astronomers assert that some stars are a million light-years from the earth.
Astronomers attempt to understand the origins and shape of the universe.
Astronomers base their studies on research and observation.
Astronomers begin by constructing an HR-diagram of all the stars in the cluster.
Astronomers believe a star forms from a rotating cloud of dust and gas.
Astronomers believe black holes hold the answer.
Astronomers believe some twenty thousand billion billion stars exist in the universe.
Astronomers believe that a single set of equations governs the structure of all stars.
Astronomers believe that black holes emit strong amounts of x-rays.
Astronomers believe that both types of quasars are fueled by massive black holes.
Astronomers believe that Eugenia's companion is a chip of the old block.
Astronomers believe that many black holes are to be found in the Milky Way.
Astronomers believe that Mars once sustained life.
Astronomers believe that most comets eventually just disintegrate and disappear.
Astronomers believe that most galaxies harbor massive black holes at their centers.
Astronomers believe that planets form from the swirling debris around nascent stars.
Astronomers believe that radio telescopes offer the best way to find intelligent life in space.
Astronomers believe that seven binary star systems they have observed probably contain black holes.
Astronomers believe that supernovas occur in our galaxy roughly once every hundred years on average.
Astronomers believe that the atmosphere is being driven by heat flowing from the interior.
Astronomers believe that the lightning observed in Saturn is the strongest ever seen .
Astronomers believe that the lightning observed in Saturn is the strongest ever seen.
Astronomers believe that there is a vast amount of dark matter surrounding our galaxy.
Astronomers believe that Titan's atmosphere resembles Earth's, with clouds and rain.
Astronomers believe the Kuiper Belt is filled with hundreds of thousands of small, icy objects.
Astronomers believe there's no air on there because they've never tryed to breathe up there.
Astronomers believe they are primordial remnants, left over from the birth of the Milky Way.
Astronomers believe they are volcanic vents, which are a scant few million years old.
Astronomers believe they have calculated the age of the cosmos more accurately than ever before.
Astronomers bring out there scopes and vendors bring their wares to sell.
Astronomers calculate orbits based on multiple observations of an object's exact position.
Astronomers calculate size.
Astronomers calibrate new telescopes with an image of a point source.
Astronomers call apparent magnitude m.
Astronomers call for confirming data .
Astronomers call for confirming data.
Astronomers call it a near conjunction.
Astronomers call it a symbiotic star.
Astronomers call it 'Seeing'.
Astronomers call it solar max.
Astronomers call it the opposition effect .
Astronomers call it the 'photosphere'.
Astronomers call it the photosphere.
Astronomers call small stars dwarfs.
Astronomers call such a spectacular stellar suicide a supernova.
Astronomers call such comets short period comets.
Astronomers call such periods meteor showers.
Astronomers call such star and disk systems proplyds.
Astronomers call the idea absurd.
Astronomers call the resulting quantity the bolometric flux.
Astronomers can also calculate Earth's mass by observing the motion of orbiting satellites .
Astronomers can be very determined people.
Astronomers can clear see the effects of winds and radiation on the nebula.
Astronomers can determine the lambda max of the spectra.
Astronomers can discover some black holes and neutron stars because they are sources of x-rays.
Astronomers can download archived data via Internet and analyze it from anywhere in the world.
Astronomers can easily determine the first number.
Astronomers can estimate that time by measuring how fast the universe is expanding now.
Astronomers can estimate the age of the universe by studying globular clusters.
Astronomers can examine the skies constantly and without atmospheric interference.
Astronomers can explore the global cosmological structure of the universe.
Astronomers can get sharper pictures.
Astronomers can learn a lot from a spectrum.
Astronomers can learn the most about the distant universe from rare and unusual objects.
Astronomers can look at starlight and tell what the star is made of.
Astronomers can measure a cluster's age by analyzing the light of the stars within it.
Astronomers can measure stars by the amount of energy that they transmit.
Astronomers can measure the recession speed fairly accurately.
Astronomers can nevertheless find their analogues among more recent stars.
Astronomers can nevertheless study the Venusian surface with radar telescopes.
Astronomers can now measure differences as small as one-hundredth of a magnitude.
Astronomers can now study the violent X-ray producing regions of the universe in much finer detail.
Astronomers can prove that neutron stars exist, because they give off a unique distress signal.
Astronomers can see for the first time intricate structure in the dust clouds.
Astronomers can see the dwarf after the nebula has dissipated.
Astronomers can tell stars are ringing when their brightness varies in characteristic ways.
Astronomers can tell the mixture of elements in a star from the colour of the light it emits.
Astronomers can then separate stars from quasars by their distinctive colors.
Astronomers can trace the X-ray jet all the way into the neutron star.
Astronomers can use a filter on their telescopes to block that color of light.
Astronomers can use telescopes to look at very distant galaxies .
Astronomers can use telescopes to look at very distant galaxies.
Astronomers can watch the same phenomena on the sun.
Astronomers catch glimpses.
Astronomers caution observers to never look directly at the sun, including during a solar eclipse.
Astronomers challenge aspects.
Astronomers characterize the morphology of a globular cluster by means of standard radii.
Astronomers choose a fixed point on that circle and measure the motion of the sun from there.
Astronomers claim there is a limit to our universe.
Astronomers classify asteroids into two broad groups based on their composition.
Astronomers classify comets based on the durations of their orbits around the sun.
Astronomers classify galaxies according to their shape and appearance.
Astronomers classify galaxies into three major categories.
Astronomers classify most galaxies by shape as either spiral galaxies or elliptical galaxies.
Astronomers come from many backgrounds and countries and include both women and men.
Astronomers commit to make at least four visits to the same one or two classrooms.
Astronomers commit to visiting the classroom at least four times during the school year.
Astronomers compete annually for observing time on Hubble.
Astronomers consider any chemical element heavier than hydrogen a metal.
Astronomers consider types.
Astronomers construct hypotheses called cosmological models that try to find the answer.
Astronomers continue to monitor the comet's fate.
Astronomers count the galaxies that are most easy to see.
Astronomers create diagrams.
Astronomers deal with quantities ranging from the truly microcosmic to the macrocosmic.
Astronomers deal with some of the largest numbers.
Astronomers decry excessive light levels for obstructing the view of the skies.
Astronomers define the reflectivity of an object in space using a term called albedo.
Astronomers demonstrate existence.
Astronomers describe how most asteroids orbit in a belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Astronomers describe how to calculate the age of the universe.
Astronomers describe motion.
Astronomers describe positions.
Astronomers detect gamma-ray bursters almost every day.
Astronomers detect new long-period comets at the rate of about one per month.
Astronomers detect redshift of distant objects by looking at the spectra.
Astronomers determine ages.
Astronomers determine conditions.
Astronomers determine orbits.
Astronomers determine the distance to a faraway object by measuring the object's red shift.
Astronomers discover a dust disk surrounding a nearby star.
Astronomers discover about ten supernovas in distant galaxies each year.
Astronomers discover bursting pulsar .
Astronomers discover chemical elements.
Astronomers discover dark stellar companions using the light curve of the star.
Astronomers discover elements.
Astronomers discover evidence of black hole spinning like top .
Astronomers discover hundreds of quasars, radio galaxies, and active galaxies.
Astronomers discover intelligent life on new planets.
Astronomers discover nebulas.
Astronomers discover rings around Uranus, making Saturn no longer the only planet with rings.
Astronomers discover rings around Uranus.
Astronomers discover several new planets orbiting neighboring stars.
Astronomers discover unique link between stellar death and birth .
Astronomers divide stars into different spectral types .
Astronomers do it all night long.
Astronomers do it all night.
Astronomers do it in clusters.
Astronomers do it in the dark .
Astronomers do it in the dark.
Astronomers do it in voids.
Astronomers do it on mountain tops.
Astronomers do it orbitally.
Astronomers do it parabolically.
Astronomers do it spectroscopically.
Astronomers do it telescopically.
Astronomers do it under the stars.
Astronomers do it universally.
Astronomers do it variably.
Astronomers do it while gazing at Uranus.
Astronomers do it with binaries.
Astronomers do it with dwarfs.
Astronomers do it with giants.
Astronomers do it with lenses.
Astronomers do it with light.
Astronomers do it with lights out.
Astronomers do it with long tubes.
Astronomers do it with mirrors.
Astronomers do it with sextants.
Astronomers do it with stars.
Astronomers do it with Uranus.
Astronomers do it with young stars.
Astronomers do something similar when they study the stars.
Astronomers do the same sort of thing using the inverse square law of light.
Astronomers do the same thing for stars.
Astronomers do too.
Astronomers don t look through the telescope.
Astronomers draw knowledge.
Astronomers employ methods.
Astronomers employ scientific methods.
Astronomers encounter statistical issues frequently during their research.
Astronomers enjoy books.
Astronomers enjoy visiting exotic locations.
Astronomers establish existence.
Astronomers estimate circumferences.
Astronomers estimate that the universe is billions of years old.
Astronomers estimate that there are millions of cold clouds in the Milky Way.
Astronomers estimate that within that distance the sky holds roughly a million sun-like stars.
Astronomers estimate the speed at which a galaxy is moving away by measuring the galaxy's red shift.
Astronomers estimate there are approx.
Astronomers estimate there are roughly a trillion galaxies.
Astronomers examine clouds.
Astronomers examine molecular clouds.
Astronomers examine the positions, motions, and properties of celestial objects.
Astronomers expect more fireworks to come.
Astronomers expect the comet to be as bright as the brightest stars when it passes Earth.
Astronomers expect the northern half of the moon to be a richer red than the southern half.
Astronomers expect the supernova remnant to become strong source of radio and X-ray emission.
Astronomers expect to be astonished.
Astronomers expect to release the full set of data during the next five years.
Astronomers expect to release the full set of data over the next five years.
Astronomers expect to see details as small as four miles across with Hubble.
Astronomers explain how the strength of spectral lines is related to stellar temperatures.
Astronomers explain the composition of meteorites and various theories about their origin.
Astronomers explain the solar nebula theory that explains how our solar system was formed.
Astronomers express distance in terms of redshift.
Astronomers express the brightness of celestial objects in terms of units called magnitudes.
Astronomers face a simple problem.
Astronomers face the same problem, seeing the forest for the trees, or the galaxy for the stars.
Astronomers fall in two classes - professionals and amateurs.
Astronomers feel that astrology is a delusion.
Astronomers finally have one of the most powerful explosions in the universe on film.
Astronomers find a new face in the crowd.
Astronomers find aspects.
Astronomers find clumps of galaxies tied together by loose bonds of gravitation.
Astronomers find comets fascinating, too.
Astronomers find evidence.
Astronomers find examples.
Astronomers find forms of the cycloidal curves in various coronas.
Astronomers find interesting things all the time.
Astronomers find key to X-ray mystery of black holes .
Astronomers find long-period planet.
Astronomers find missing type of quasa .
Astronomers find missing type of quasar .
Astronomers find myriads of like systems sprinkled throughout the depths of space .
Astronomers find negative images easier to work with.
Astronomers find new class of asteroid.
Astronomers find no evidence for a systematic rotation of the universe.
Astronomers find perhaps the best proof yet of a super-massive black hole at our galaxy's core.
Astronomers find planetary system.
Astronomers find proof of a black hole's existence.
Astronomers find Saturn-sized planets in other solar systems.
Astronomers find sun's coolest neighbors.
Astronomers find the atmosphere a pesky thing.
Astronomers function like detectives, looking for clues to solve mysteries.
Astronomers gain an understanding of current issues in science education.
Astronomers generally believe that Jupiter's core was formed by the accumulation of icy volatiles.
Astronomers get images.
Astronomers go home and take a well-deserved, and permanent, rest.
Astronomers go on attacks.
Astronomers go to the Canary Islands and to Chile, to use the most powerful telescopes.
Astronomers go up into the stratosphere and make sure their instruments work right.
Astronomers have (part) arms.
Astronomers have (part) body substances.
Astronomers have (part) cell membranes.
Astronomers have (part) cells.
Astronomers have (part) corpi.
Astronomers have (part) cytoplasm.
Astronomers have (part) heads.
Astronomers have (part) human bodies.
Astronomers have (part) legs.
Astronomers have (part) material bodies.
Astronomers have (part) necks.
Astronomers have (part) nuclei.
Astronomers have (part) personality.
Astronomers have (part) plasma membranes.
Astronomers have (part) sections.
Astronomers have (part) vacuoles.
Astronomers have a lot to look forward to in the coming years.
Astronomers have a model of stars as giant nuclear reactors that burn hydrogen to make helium.
Astronomers have a number of ways to measure the distance to stars.
Astronomers have a perspective larger than that of most debaters on the subject.
Astronomers have different ideas.
Astronomers have difficulty studying the structure of the Milky Way Galaxy.
Astronomers have evidence of erosion on many parts of Mars.
Astronomers have explanations.
Astronomers have ideas.
Astronomers have issues.
Astronomers have long dreamt of a pristine observing sight with no air turbulence or pollution.
Astronomers have more than saros periods with which to count.
Astronomers have no control over the events that they study.
Astronomers have observations.
Astronomers have several coordinate systems and several time measurement systems to choose from.
Astronomers have some answers, but many questions remain.
Astronomers have space telescopes.
Astronomers have telescopes.
Astronomers have the following game statistics.
Astronomers have the same task when classifying stars.
Astronomers have the unique ability to look back in time as they look far out into space.
Astronomers have their organizations as well.
Astronomers have to be stubborn in order to be the proper advocates of different ideas.
Astronomers have to infer what the interior is like.
Astronomers have to tax their intellect to justify their value to society.
Astronomers have wide-ranging opinions on the existence of extraterrestrial intelligent life.
Astronomers help citizen scientists.
Astronomers help scientists.
Astronomers hope someday to detect signals from an extraterrestrial civilization.
Astronomers hope to have distance and revised speed estimates available within a few days.
Astronomers hope to learn more about comets through several spacecraft.
Astronomers hope to use it for detecting habitable, Earth-like planets orbiting other stars.
Astronomers hypothesize that the flare was generated by activity beneath the brown dwarf's surface.
Astronomers identify numerous types of dwarf galaxies, based on their shape and composition.
Astronomers identify the presence of elements millions of light years away by their spectra.
Astronomers identify the presence of elements millions of light years distant by their spectra.
Astronomers ignore it.
Astronomers intend to revisit the locations of previous gamma-ray bursts.
Astronomers is a specialty of Physicists .
Astronomers is a specialty of Physicists.
Astronomers judge it to be a moderately active star-forming region.
Astronomers keep a master list of asteroids with well-determined orbits.
Astronomers keep adding to the list of molecules found in interstellar space.
Astronomers keep record of their observations.
Astronomers know of only two in our Milky Way galaxy.
Astronomers know of several variations of supernovas, but they all fall into one of two main types.
Astronomers know pretty accurately how fast galaxies are moving by their color.
Astronomers know that the more massive a star is the more rapidly it evolves.
Astronomers know that younger stars are typically hotter and brighter than older stars.
Astronomers know the universe is awash with the stuff of life.
Astronomers know they exist by the boatload.
Astronomers land major satellite observing program .
Astronomers learn about interest phenomena.
Astronomers learn about phenomena.
Astronomers learn about the final evolutionary paths of massive stars from supernovas.
Astronomers learn ringing truths about the sun.
Astronomers learn to be problem solvers and pick up lots of math and computer skills.
Astronomers like to measure angles in seconds of arc.
Astronomers list several theories for the eruption.
Astronomers live in a peculiar world.
Astronomers locate stars by reference to the constellations.
Astronomers look for new moons, asteroids and comets by tracking their motion.
Astronomers look for the bright stars that orbit dark partners in the same way.
Astronomers love to talk about their hobby and are normally happy to explain things at length.
Astronomers make calculations based on the sky as it is by observation at the present time.
Astronomers make calculations.
Astronomers make computer models of the evolution of stars.
Astronomers make contributions.
Astronomers make discoveries.
Astronomers make important discoveries.
Astronomers make mistakes too.
Astronomers make observations.
Astronomers make progress.
Astronomers make total meteorite-mass measurements in a variety of ways.
Astronomers measure brightness in units of magnitude.
Astronomers measure brightness.
Astronomers measure it from the south point, navigators from the north point.
Astronomers measure the angle of stars in the sky throughout the year.
Astronomers measure the brightness of stars by their apparent magnitudes .
Astronomers measure the brightness of stars in Magnitudes.
Astronomers measure the distance from the sun to each planet in astronomical units.
Astronomers measure the parallax of a star using Earth's orbital diameter as a baseline.
Astronomers measure the resolving power of a telescope in terms of degrees.
Astronomers monitor patterns.
Astronomers monitor weather patterns.
Astronomers name some stars by the constellation they are in and their position or brightness.
Astronomers need backgrounds.
Astronomers nevertheless use a zero-year for some of their calculations.
Astronomers normally try to use the largest aperture they can to capture as much light as possible.
Astronomers note it all the time when observing pulsars.
Astronomers now believe that a nova consists of two stars in tight orbits around each other.
Astronomers now believe that blue stragglers are created by the merger of two low-mass stars.
Astronomers now believe that the source is a cloud of gas from between the stars.
Astronomers now believe that two are really one great belt filled with particles.
Astronomers now estimate that there are tens of billions of galaxies in the observable universe.
Astronomers now exploit wide regions of the full electromagnetic spectrum.
Astronomers now hope for an uneventful launch, routine operations, and spectacular discoveries.
Astronomers now know the asteroid's orbit precisely.
Astronomers now know the orbits of nearly half a million individual asteroids in the asteroid belt.
Astronomers now see engineering as a crucial component of making advances in knowledge.
Astronomers now seem to confirm the threat.
Astronomers now study comets from a scientific viewpoint.
Astronomers now think that planets form readily, grow quickly, and for the most part, die young.
Astronomers now think that there is 'something' which inhibits internal convection in Uranus.
Astronomers now think that when a galaxy has a quasar , the quasar changes the galaxy .
Astronomers now think that when a galaxy has a quasar, the quasar changes the galaxy.
Astronomers now use the constellations mainly as a convenient way to name regions of the sky.
Astronomers observe comets in different spectrums in order to measure their chemical content.
Astronomers observe dramatic changes in the system during the months before and after periastron.
Astronomers observe evidence.
Astronomers observe the apparent magnitude of the stars.
Astronomers observe the locations and motions of heavenly bodies.
Astronomers observing directly overhead do so through a known, and very thin, atmospheric layer.
Astronomers officially recognize nine major planets.
Astronomers pass a milestone in the search for new worlds.
Astronomers pick up the radio waves only when the pulsar's beam sweeps across the Earth.
Astronomers plan projects, make observations, study results, and figure out theories.
Astronomers plan to produce an extremely detailed three-dimensional map of the Southern heavens.
Astronomers plan to resume celestial observations in about two weeks.
Astronomers play active roles.
Astronomers play roles.
Astronomers play significant roles.
Astronomers point telescopes.
Astronomers possess ability.
Astronomers promise a particularly outstanding spectacle.
Astronomers provide evidence.
Astronomers publish paper.
Astronomers putting together color images face the same problem.
Astronomers rate the size of sunspots in terms of millionths of the sun's earth- facing hemisphere.
Astronomers reach consensus.
Astronomers realize results.
Astronomers realize that they have hit a cosmological brick wall.
Astronomers receive information from the sky.
Astronomers recognize four basic types, each produces under different astrophysical conditions.
Astronomers record eclipse.
Astronomers refer to such couplings of bright planets as conjunctions.
Astronomers refer to the aging process as heat death.
Astronomers refer to Venus as Earth's sister planet.
Astronomers repeat calculations.
Astronomers reply upon atomic physics in order to dig information out of solar and stellar spectra.
Astronomers report witnessing the largest explosion ever recorded in the universe.
Astronomers sample part of the sky to count the number of stars in the whole sky.
Astronomers say it is a once in a decade event.
Astronomers say it is raising many questions about the still poorly understood, extinct volcano.
Astronomers say it is the most crowded galaxy in our part of the universe.
Astronomers say it's actually a regular occurrence as the Earth travels through the comet's tail.
Astronomers say such a move is overdue.
Astronomers say that makes it worth seeing.
Astronomers say that nothing similar has ever been seen before.
Astronomers say the best is yet to come.
Astronomers say the chances of it brown dwarf are slight.
Astronomers say the darkest skies in the world occur in the Australian Outback.
Astronomers say the difference between planets and brown dwarfs is based on how they formed.
Astronomers say the find is raising fundamental questions about the origins of planet-size objects.
Astronomers say they are mainly made of iron and stony materials.
Astronomers say they can see evaporating gaseous globules, or EGGs, inside the pillars.
Astronomers say they represent a rich harvest for future discoveries.
Astronomers say they're also worried about an angry sun.
Astronomers search the skies for many things.
Astronomers see evidence of first light in Universe .
Astronomers see it as a mere optical illusion, proof of the power of human imagination.
Astronomers see results.
Astronomers see stars form, because star formation is an ongoing process.
Astronomers see the channels as evidence of liquid water erosion.
Astronomers see the emitted radio waves as radio pulses.
Astronomers see violence on a, well, astronomical scale.
Astronomers seek ever-larger mirrors to increase the power and efficiency of telescopes.
Astronomers seek the recipe of stars, galaxies, and other celestial objects through spectroscopy.
Astronomers seem to think it does.
Astronomers simplify their timekeeping by simply counting the days.
Astronomers speak of two kinds of zeniths, astronomical zeniths and geocentric zeniths.
Astronomers speculate that the dust nearer to the star has been largely consumed in making planets.
Astronomers spend most of their lives in the dark.
Astronomers spend weeks or months or years analyzing their data using computers.
Astronomers stand at the gateway to worlds beyond our own.
Astronomers stay on the mountain for the length of time they are using a telescope.
Astronomers still debate the existence of black holes, but evidence mounts in their support.
Astronomers still don t understand the origins of gamma ray bursts.
Astronomers still use the same principle today to find out how far away stars are from the earth.
Astronomers study black holes by investigating X-rays coming from binary systems.
Astronomers study different phenomena.
Astronomers study movement.
Astronomers study multiple wavelengths in order to learn more about the objects of the universe.
Astronomers study phenomena.
Astronomers study sources.
Astronomers study the light emanating or reflected from distant objects .
Astronomers study the spectrum of the Sun to determine it's chemical composition.
Astronomers study the stars, the planets, and everything else in our universe.
Astronomers study the sun and other stars using telescopes.
Astronomers study the sun, moon, planets, stars, and galaxies.
Astronomers study time to seek out the answer.
Astronomers suggest the supermassive black holes are the remains of fossil quasars.
Astronomers suspect it did.
Astronomers suspect that it conceals liquid water and thus, ideal conditions for primitive life.
Astronomers take notes.
Astronomers talk about heat death when they discuss stars.
Astronomers tend to be somewhat conservative in changing traditional designations.
Astronomers tend to prefer full-frame devices.
Astronomers tend to work with industry to extract more from the available technology.
Astronomers theorize that the gaseous knots are the results of a collision between gases.
Astronomers there regard it as the best celestial globe ever produced in China.
Astronomers therefore make heavy use of physics, mathematics, and computer science.
Astronomers therefore recognize different kinds of year.
Astronomers therefore use a larger unit to measure stellar distances.
Astronomers think both types of quasars are powered by massive black holes.
Astronomers think it came from Mars after a giant asteroid or comet smashed into that planet.
Astronomers think most galaxies harbor a black hole at their centers.
Astronomers think of infrared in terms of exceedingly long-range signals.
Astronomers think quasars are powered by massive black holes.
Astronomers think that gravity does.
Astronomers think that massive stars end their existence in titanic explosions called supernovae.
Astronomers think that quasars are located in galaxies which have black holes at their centers.
Astronomers think that stellar black holes are what are left from a burned out star.
Astronomers think that the black hole glows in X-rays as it swallows nearby clouds of gas and stars.
Astronomers think that the elliptical galaxies are older than the spiral ones.
Astronomers think the rings are dark, because there is no dust for the sunlight to reflect off of.
Astronomers think the solar system is more than four billion years old.
Astronomers think there are a few times the mass of the Earth in rocky material deep down inside.
Astronomers think they are created during the universe's most cataclysmic events.
Astronomers think they know which star was seen in Bethlehem.
Astronomers think they understand how stars are born.
Astronomers thus use time to measure distances, and the scale is based on the speed of light.
Astronomers to compare patterns.
Astronomers to compare weather patterns.
Astronomers to gain knowledge.
Astronomers to measure characteristics.
Astronomers to study details.
Astronomers to study regions.
Astronomers to understand characteristics.
Astronomers try to measure it all the time.
Astronomers trying to track down the missing stuff call it dark matter.
Astronomers typically scan lists of openings worldwide.
Astronomers understand size.
Astronomers use a day called a sidereal day.
Astronomers use a distance unit called parsec .
Astronomers use a logrithmic scale for the brightness of stars called the magnitude system.
Astronomers use a special trick to keep bright flashlights from ruining their night vision.
Astronomers use a technique called blinking to find objects that move from one image to the next.
Astronomers use a technique called gravity lensing to search for black holes and neutron stars.
Astronomers use a technique called parallax to precisely measure to distance to stars in the sky.
Astronomers use an effect called parallax to measure distances to nearby stars.
Astronomers use an intercom in the control room to hear what's going on in the dome.
Astronomers use another method of determining the temperature more accurately.
Astronomers use cameras.
Astronomers use constellations like location names on the sky map.
Astronomers use degrees to give the relative placement of objects.
Astronomers use effects.
Astronomers use emission lines to identify the composition of stars.
Astronomers use extensive observations.
Astronomers use eyes.
Astronomers use huge telescopes in places called observatories for studying the stars.
Astronomers use instruments such as bolometers to detect it.
Astronomers use it to calculate the masses of stars in binary systems.
Astronomers use large telescopes.
Astronomers use lasers and computers to measure the amount of distortion.
Astronomers use light, which moves in straight lines.
Astronomers use magnetograms when they study sunspots.
Astronomers use magnitudes to describe the brightness of an object in the sky.
Astronomers use measurements of the red shift of stars and galaxies as a distance indicator.
Astronomers use measurements.
Astronomers use methods.
Astronomers use much the same measurements as do other scientists.
Astronomers use notation.
Astronomers use observations.
Astronomers use optical telescopes.
Astronomers use parallax to find the distances to remote planets or stars.
Astronomers use parallax when measuring the distances to the planets by triangulation.
Astronomers use physics and mathematics to learn about the universe and all it contains.
Astronomers use powerful telescopes.
Astronomers use radio telescopes.
Astronomers use scientific notation.
Astronomers use seconds to measure short periods of time.
Astronomers use similar coordinate systems to locate objects on the celestial sphere.
Astronomers use spectroscopes, which separate different wavelengths of light from a single source.
Astronomers use standard candles to measuring distances.
Astronomers use star charts to locate stars and other objects.
Astronomers use supernova data to estimate a distance to the supernova.
Astronomers use telescopes in space to record the gamma-ray bursts.
Astronomers use telescopes to collect radiation from astronomical sources.
Astronomers use telescopes to look at things that are far away and dim.
Astronomers use telescopes.
Astronomers use the difference between transmitted and reflected light to observe sunspots.
Astronomers use the magnitude scale for describing the brightness of stars.
Astronomers use the most convenient one depending on what they are trying to accomplish.
Astronomers use the parallax method.
Astronomers use the principle of parallax to measure distances to the closer stars .
Astronomers use the principles of physics and math to learn about the nature of the universe.
Astronomers use the same kinds of angular measurements to find the objects they want to observe.
Astronomers use the same principle to calculate the distances to the nearer stars.
Astronomers use the same technique to measure the distances to planets and stars.
Astronomers use the sidereal year for comparison purposes.
Astronomers use the technique in telescopes to grab ever-better photos of the heavens.
Astronomers use the technique of spectroscopy to analyse the light from individual stars.
Astronomers use the term zenith to describe the point directly overhead.
Astronomers use tools.
Astronomers use triangulation to determine distances within the solar system.
Astronomers use two basic techniques to measure distances.
Astronomers use very large telescopes to gather as much of light as they can.
Astronomers using the scrapbook can quickly sample data from several missions.
Astronomers visit observatories.
Astronomers win protection for key part of spectrum.
Astronomers wipe clean their cosmic window.
Astronomers wonder if the layout of our solar system is fairly common, or if it's a special case.
Astronomers work full time.
Astronomers work time.
Astronomers work with scientists.
Astronomers write lots of proposals for research grants and for telescope time.
Astronomers always try to make things as easy as possible for themselves.
Astronomers frequently overlook a critical revolution that has occurred in the last decade.
Astronomers often believe that the significance of their work is self-evident.
Astronomers often choose very faint objects in the sky to study.
Astronomers often refer to asteroids as minor planets .
Astronomers often refer to the light bucket of a telescope.
All astronomers can do is look at the light from stars and galaxies.
All astronomers look forward to the first glimpses of the massive bright nebula.
All astronomers watch the sky.
Any astronomer can apply for time on the telescopes.
Every astronomer competes with other astronomers to get time on telescopes.
Every astronomer knows the zodiac which astrologers use has moved one entire sign.
Many astronomers also have formal duties within another group.
Many astronomers are physicists.
Many astronomers are well-versed in both venues.
Many Astronomers believe it was a small comet.
Many astronomers believe our own Milky Way galaxy is the product of a merger.
Many astronomers believe quasars are a more energetic version of nearby active galaxies.
Many astronomers believe that the early solar system was a swirling cloud of dust and gas.
Many astronomers believe they are.
Many astronomers consider the turn of the millennium a golden age for X-ray astronomy.
Many astronomers now believe that mergers between galaxies are the prime suspect.
Many astronomers now believe that most galaxies have massive black holes at their centres.
Many astronomers specialise in particular areas of astronomy, called fields.
Many astronomers theorize that Jovian lightning is also created in clouds containing water ice.
Many astronomers think so, but no one has ever been able to prove it.
Many astronomers think that advanced life is widespread in our galaxy.
Many astronomers work at observatories and use powerful telescopes to study the universe.
Many astronomers work with the sole aim of improving scientific knowledge.
Most astronomers agree that the clocklike pulses are emitted from spinning neutron stars.
Most astronomers already know the story.
Most astronomers announce discoveries.
Most astronomers are creatures of the night.
Most astronomers are employed by colleges and universities.
Most astronomers are only able to obtain short observing runs on such instruments.
Most astronomers assume that the gas is heated by the magnetic field that pervades the corona.
Most astronomers believe black holes do exist and are really quite common.
Most astronomers believe that comets originated at the same time as the solar system.
Most astronomers believe that massive black holes power quasars.
Most astronomers believe that quasars are unrelated to the peculiar galaxies.
Most astronomers believe that, at the centre of an active galactic nuclei, lies a black hole .
Most astronomers calculate size.
Most astronomers challenge aspects.
Most astronomers consider types.
Most astronomers create diagrams.
Most astronomers demonstrate existence.
Most astronomers describe motion.
Most astronomers describe positions.
Most astronomers determine ages.
Most astronomers determine conditions.
Most astronomers determine orbits.
Most astronomers discover chemical elements.
Most astronomers discover elements.
Most astronomers discover nebulas.
Most astronomers draw knowledge.
Most astronomers employ methods.
Most astronomers employ scientific methods.
Most astronomers enjoy books.
Most astronomers establish existence.
Most astronomers estimate circumferences.
Most astronomers examine clouds.
Most astronomers examine molecular clouds.
Most astronomers find aspects.
Most astronomers find evidence.
Most astronomers find examples.
Most astronomers get images.
Most astronomers go on attacks.
Most astronomers have different ideas.
Most astronomers have explanations.
Most astronomers have ideas.
Most astronomers have issues.
Most astronomers have observations.
Most astronomers have quite a bit of freedom in planning their own research projects and approaches.
Most astronomers have space telescopes.
Most astronomers have telescopes.
Most astronomers help citizen scientists.
Most astronomers help scientists.
Most astronomers learn about interest phenomena.
Most astronomers learn about phenomena.
Most astronomers maintain an active list of their publications.
Most astronomers make calculations.
Most astronomers make contributions.
Most astronomers make discoveries.
Most astronomers make important discoveries.
Most astronomers make observations.
Most astronomers make progress.
Most astronomers measure brightness.
Most astronomers monitor patterns.
Most astronomers monitor weather patterns.
Most astronomers now believe it is made of mostly hydrogen, liquid inside and gas on the surface.
Most astronomers observe evidence.
Most astronomers play active roles.
Most astronomers play roles.
Most astronomers play significant roles.
Most astronomers possess ability.
Most astronomers provide evidence.
Most astronomers publish paper.
Most astronomers reach consensus.
Most astronomers realize results.
Most astronomers repeat calculations.
Most astronomers report their discoveries that way too.
Most astronomers see results.
Most astronomers study different phenomena.
Most astronomers take notes.
Most astronomers understand size.
Most astronomers use cameras.
Most astronomers use effects.
Most astronomers use extensive observations.
Most astronomers use eyes.
Most astronomers use large telescopes.
Most astronomers use measurements.
Most astronomers use methods.
Most astronomers use notation.
Most astronomers use observations.
Most astronomers use optical telescopes.
Most astronomers use powerful telescopes.
Most astronomers use radio telescopes.
Most astronomers use scientific notation.
Most astronomers use telescopes.
Most astronomers use tools.
Most astronomers visit observatories.
Most astronomers walk up to a telescope and use the existing equipment. . . .
Most astronomers work full time, and sometimes have to work irregular hours.
Most astronomers work full time.
Most astronomers work time.
Most astronomers work with scientists.
Some astronomers accept big bang theories.
Some astronomers accept theories.
Some astronomers become photographers.
Some astronomers believe that hundreds of thousands more exist in our Galaxy .
Some astronomers believe that the halo formed first.
Some astronomers build detectors.
Some astronomers calculate brightness.
Some astronomers come to earth.
Some astronomers commit suicide.
Some astronomers compare brightness.
Some astronomers consider the pair to be a double planet.
Some astronomers contribute to astronomical discoveries.
Some astronomers contribute to discoveries.
Some astronomers contribute to important discoveries.
Some astronomers contribute to many important astronomical discoveries.
Some astronomers create maps.
Some astronomers create plots.
Some astronomers define measurements.
Some astronomers define variation.
Some astronomers determine angular diameters.
Some astronomers determine brightness.
Some astronomers determine diameters.
Some astronomers develop alternative theories.
Some astronomers develop theories.
Some astronomers devise multiple ways.
Some astronomers devise ways.
Some astronomers die in prisons.
Some astronomers disagree with that idea.
Some astronomers discover concentration.
Some astronomers discover degrees.
Some astronomers discover rings.
Some astronomers draw attention.
Some astronomers enjoy adventures.
Some astronomers estimate ages.
Some astronomers estimate dimensions.
Some astronomers estimate the total number of stars in the cluster at one million.
Some astronomers even watch for meteorite impacts on our moon during meteor showers .
Some astronomers expect a tenth planet far beyond the others.
Some astronomers explain creations.
Some astronomers explain happening.
Some astronomers find shops.
Some astronomers focus their research on objects in our solar system, such as the sun or planets.
Some astronomers gather in the sand, under clear, bright skies to look at heavenly bodies.
Some astronomers give credit.
Some astronomers guess that comets have low densities, perhaps less than half that of water ice.
Some astronomers have civilizations.
Some astronomers have degrees.
Some astronomers have faculty positions.
Some astronomers have hints.
Some astronomers have missions.
Some astronomers have positions.
Some astronomers have to work in museums housing planetariums.
Some astronomers identify images.
Some astronomers identify optical images.
Some astronomers learn evolution.
Some astronomers learn types.
Some astronomers look at positions.
Some astronomers make advancement.
Some astronomers make breakthroughs.
Some astronomers make measurements.
Some astronomers measure size.
Some astronomers point out rings.
Some astronomers predict existence.
Some astronomers reject the idea of design.
Some astronomers rely on techniques.
Some astronomers say releasing their discoveries quickly and openly is critical.
Some astronomers say that comets bombarding the early Earth provided atmospheric gases too.
Some astronomers say they are the result of black holes gobbling up their companion stars.
Some astronomers specialize further into other subfields.
Some astronomers suggest presence.
Some astronomers think it's time to get out and meet the neighbors.
Some astronomers think so.
Some astronomers think that a gravitational or magnetic disturbance causes the nebula to collapse .
Some astronomers use computers.
Some astronomers use emissions.
Some astronomers use horizons.
Some astronomers use indexes.
Some astronomers use kinds.
Some astronomers use satellites.
Some astronomers use software.
Some astronomers use sophisticate software.
Some astronomers use style.
Some astronomers work full time in observatories.
Some astronomers work in business or private industry.
Some astronomers work in offices.
Some astronomers write paper.
Many astronomical applications use relatively low magnifications.
Many astronomical assumptions are like a house of cards.
All astronomical catalogs have a different format and list different observables.
Astronomical coordinates mean only is stored.
Astronomical cycles is a more reputable way of saying astrological cycles.
Most astronomical databases are single-table catalogs describing sky objects and their properties.
Astronomical dawn is that point in time at which the sun starts lightening the sky.
Some astronomical detectors work better at cold temperatures.
Astronomical distances can be mind boggling.
Astronomical distances vary by many orders of magnitude.
Astronomical events are caused by motion.
Most astronomical events are caused by motion.
Some astronomical events provide explanations.
Some astronomical events provide partial explanations.
Astronomical honeymoon continues as X-ray observatory marks first anniversary.
Astronomical images are data-intensive.
Astronomical images are large.
Most astronomical images are now digital.
All astronomical measurements take place against some background.
Astronomical objects emit energy over a broad spectrum.
Astronomical objects emit radiation at all wavelengths.
Astronomical objects have an annoying complusion to slowly move across the sky, or at least seem to.
Astronomical objects have no end in the uncollapsed wavefunction.
Most astronomical objects give off thermal radiation.
Most astronomical objects look flat and two dimensional.
Most astronomical objects orbit some body that it is more massive than it is.
Some astronomical objects exhibit rapid fluctuations in their outputs of radiation.
Astronomical observation is for the whole family.
Astronomical observations begin early next spring.
Astronomical observations demonstrate that the universe began to exist.
Astronomical observations reveal a wealth of information about the universe.
Astronomical observations show that there is more matter in existence than has yet been seen.
Astronomical observations suggest zero or close to zero space-time curvature.
Some astronomical observations disprove ideas.
Some astronomical observations use light.
Astronomical observatory is open to the public and offers group tours.
Astronomical phenomena occurs at a specific date and time all over the Earth at once.
Astronomical projects are fun projects to take on with the students and with other teachers.
Astronomical records confirm the eclipse.
Astronomical research assists the nation, directly and indirectly, in achieving societal goals.
Astronomical research stimulates new advances in computing.
Astronomical scopes differ from ordinary spotting scopes used for nature study or target spotting.
Astronomical searchers are underway to look for evidence of wormholes , but nothing has been found.
Astronomical sites are among the most popular science destinations on the Web.
Most astronomical software understands about FITS files.
Most astronomical spectrographs use diffraction gratings rather than prisms.
Astronomical spectrometers use what is called diffraction grating.
Most astronomical stuff takes a while.
Astronomical talks begin right after the performance.
An astronomical telescope is scope
Astronomical telescopes are telescopes.
Astronomical telescopes display things upside down, unlike the typical sporting telescopes.
Astronomical telescopes make upside-down images .
Every astronomical telescope is different for very good reasons.
Astronomical terminology refers to a number of great circles in the sky.
Astronomical theories are interpretations of the data.
Astronomical time counts from noon to noon, civil from midnight to midnight.
Astronomical time is based on the rate of rotation of the earth.
Astronomical time is based on the rate of rotation of the Earth.
Astronomical time is important for the application of ideal to real.
Astronomical tradition dictates that discoverers get first crack at naming a celestial object.
Astronomical twilight is when it gets dark enough to observe even the faintest objects.
Astronomical unit is the mean distance between the Earth and the Sun.
Astronomical watches are made by several manufacturers .
Astronomical watches are made by several manufacturers.
Astronomical Web resources One of the most exhaustive sites available on the Net.
Astronomical work is now a significant and high-visibility part of their business.
Astronomical yearbooks give the position of the prime meridian for each day.
Astronomize website opens All astronomy programs for the Psion listed under new website.
Astronomy classes experience a model of a large, mountaintop observatory.
Astronomy clubs hold parties.
Many astronomy clubs have a regular observing site and welcome newcomers.
Most astronomy clubs have such a person.
Most astronomy clubs have websites.
Most astronomy clubs hold parties.
Most astronomy clubs hold single night star parties on a regular basis.
Astronomy education is a partnership.
Astronomy magazine has some very good advice for first time telescope buyers.
Astronomy magazine is available every month from any good bookshop.
Astronomy magazine is considered by many to be an excellent introductory publication.
Many astronomy magazines carry ads for solar filters.
Astronomy textbooks have lists.
Astronomy already enjoys great public interest.
Astronomy also exists as a school-based syllabus.
Astronomy also offers a good introduction to some areas of atmospheric phys ics and meteorology.
Astronomy also provides a grand view, a sweeping venue that can be exploited.
Astronomy applies techniques.
Astronomy becomes the march of worlds and world systems.
Astronomy brings all the different sciences together.
Astronomy brings the whole universe into perspective, giving the latest theories on how it began.
Astronomy brings to bear the knowledge of the physicist, mathematician, and chemist.
Astronomy can also play an important role in science education.
Astronomy can be a life long pleasure, with the right equipment.
Astronomy can be a maddening past-time.
Astronomy can be both a wonderful and a frustrating hobby.
Astronomy comprises the study of all extraterrestrial objects.
Astronomy continues to study the cosmology, stars, solar system, and extraterrestrial life.
Astronomy courses with a focus on the methods of space exploration and the solar system.
Astronomy covers planetary astronomy, sun, moon, planets, asteroids and comets.
Astronomy dances to the music of the stars.
Astronomy deals with features.
Astronomy deals with positions.
Astronomy deals with the facts of planetary and cosmic placements and positions.
Astronomy demands precise clockwork motion of a telescope.
Astronomy excites the imagination.
Astronomy explains facts.
Astronomy focuses attention on the cosmic pattern without.
Astronomy focuses on observations.
Astronomy generates fundamental knowledge needed for many future technological advances.
Astronomy goes into everything.
Astronomy has much yet to contribute to human knowledge and progress.
Astronomy has significant impact on science in general as well as on public imagination.
Astronomy investigates the stars.
Astronomy is a beautiful magazine for high school students and adults interested in basic astronomy.
Astronomy is a branch of fundamental physics.
Astronomy is a competitive, high-pressure profession.
Astronomy is a complex subject.
Astronomy is a cultural activity.
Astronomy is a different animal.
Astronomy is a fascinating lifetime hobby enjoyed by young and old.
Astronomy is a fast-growing interest at the South Pole.
Astronomy is a favorite subject.
Astronomy is a field that almost everyone enjoys.
Astronomy is a good example of the change in Glasgow.
Astronomy is a good way to do that.
Astronomy is a great hobby and is a great way to spend warm summer nights.
Astronomy is a learning hobby.
Astronomy is a lot like that.
Astronomy is a participatory science.
Astronomy is a patient hobby.
Astronomy is a physics
Astronomy is a popular hobby in Finland.
Astronomy is a precise, mathematically oriented science.
Astronomy is a rapidly changing field.
Astronomy is a rapidly growing science.
Astronomy is a science and follows the scientific method.
Astronomy is a science of nature and an experimental science.
Astronomy is a science that uses physics to interpret astronomical events.
Astronomy is a science, and has been for thousands of years.
Astronomy is a science, while astrology has no scientific basis.
Astronomy is a science, while astrology is described generously as an art.
Astronomy is a science.
Astronomy is a subfield of physics.
Astronomy is a very diverse field.
Astronomy is a very large subject with many different things to study.
Astronomy is a very visual science.
Astronomy is a wonderful family activity.
Astronomy is about the sky and what's in it.
Astronomy is accessible.
Astronomy is actually an area of specialization within physics.
Astronomy is alive and well in western North Carolina.
Astronomy is already the first fully digital science and becoming more so.
Astronomy is also a good hobby to enjoy with a friend or family member.
Astronomy is also a lot more than a professional science.
Astronomy is also central to different cultures.
Astronomy is always interesting.
Astronomy is an ancient science and perhaps, an even more ancient hobby.
Astronomy is an ancient science but also one of the most modern.
Astronomy is an ancient science, but also one of the most modern.
Astronomy is an easy road into science.
Astronomy is an essential part of the educational system and of an advanced society.
Astronomy is an evolving science.
Astronomy is an exact science, however, so some quantitative investigations are required.
Astronomy is an excellent subject to learn how science works .
Astronomy is an excellent way of exposing young minds to the thrill of scientific discovery.
Astronomy is an exciting field that most people have at least some interest in.
Astronomy is an ideal subject for employment of new technology and new teaching aids.
Astronomy is an important parameter.
Astronomy is an observational science that requires obtaining, reducing, and analyzing data.
Astronomy is an observational science.
Astronomy is an outdoor nature hobby.
Astronomy is another subfield of physics.
Astronomy is arguably the oldest science.
Astronomy is at the forefront of contemporary intellectual activities.
Astronomy is at the same time one of the oldest and one of the most dynamic areas of science.
Astronomy is beautiful in so many ways.
Astronomy is beautiful.
Astronomy is called the oldest of the sciences.
Astronomy is certainly a fun and interesting science.
Astronomy is considered a science and astrology as foolishness.
Astronomy is considered an earth science, too.
Astronomy is considered much less of a priority and less necessary than other sciences.
Astronomy is considered to be perhaps the most ancient of sciences.
Astronomy is considered to be top-science in The Netherlands.
Astronomy is cool.
Astronomy is easily accessible to all.
Astronomy is especially adaptable to primary school science.
Astronomy is everywhere, even on vacation in sunny Florida.
Astronomy is far more interesting than astrology.
Astronomy is fortunate in producing some of the most compelling images of any science.
Astronomy is fun and exciting for all ages.
Astronomy is fun for the whole family, educational and VERY relaxing.
Astronomy is fun for the whole family.
Astronomy is hobbies.
Astronomy is in many ways an interdisciplinary study.
Astronomy is interdisciplinary.
Astronomy is intrinsically attractive to children and forms a logical setting for learning.
Astronomy is just one field in which trigonometry plays an important part.
Astronomy is just one of their hobbies.
Astronomy is lights in the sky.
Astronomy is like no other science.
Astronomy is merely one of many applied branches of basic physics.
Astronomy is more hands-on and practical.
Astronomy is no different.
Astronomy is no exception.
Astronomy is now the science of studying space using a logic-based scientific platform.
Astronomy is observed here with spectacular views of the night sky.
Astronomy is offered to students who have completed the required courses in physics.
Astronomy is often an entry point for young people who are becoming interested in science.
Astronomy is often in the news and it certainly captures the imagination.
Astronomy is old enough to illustrate how science matures and is self-correcting.
Astronomy is one area of science where amateurs regularly contribute to the body of knowledge.
Astronomy is one area which has fascinated all mankind from the beginnings of history.
Astronomy is one of Australia's scientific strengths.
Astronomy is one of the most fascinating subjects to citizens of all backgrounds in our country.
Astronomy is one of the most popular sciences on college campuses.
Astronomy is one of the most relaxing and almost effortlessly educational hobbies there is.
Astronomy is one of the most universal of sciences.
Astronomy is one of the most visible sciences, and regularly captures the public s attention.
Astronomy is one of the most visible sciences, and regularly captures the public's attention.
Astronomy is one of the oldest human endeavors and it is considered to be the oldest science.
Astronomy is one of the oldest of sciences.
Astronomy is one of the oldest sciences.
Astronomy is one subject which produces geniuses and can be considered mother of all sciences.
Astronomy is open and is the only active link.
Astronomy is part of the seventh grade science curriculum.
Astronomy is perhaps the most rapidly changing and evolving of all the sciences.
Astronomy is physics.
Astronomy is presented as a hobby as well as a basic science.
Astronomy is presented as a vital, expanding endeavour with live frontiers.
Astronomy is probably the most accessible and photogenic of the sciences.
Astronomy is really a people game.
Astronomy is said to excite the imagination in ways that no other area in science can.
Astronomy is science.
Astronomy is the branch of science concerned with objects beyond Earth.
Astronomy is the earliest of the scientific disciplines.
Astronomy is the first science.
Astronomy is the meeting-place of all the arts and sciences.
Astronomy is the most ancient and honorable of the physical sciences.
Astronomy is the most attractive physical science to the general public.
Astronomy is the most observational of all the physical sciences.
Astronomy is the most widely read English-language magazine for astronomy enthusiasts.
Astronomy is the next study.
Astronomy is the oldest of all sciences.
Astronomy is the oldest of sciences.
Astronomy is the oldest of scientific endeavors.
Astronomy is the oldest of the natural sciences .
Astronomy is the oldest of the physical sciences.
Astronomy is the oldest of the sciences and every body can take an interest in it.
Astronomy is the oldest of the sciences.
Astronomy is the oldest science and one of the few sciences that welcomes amateurs.
Astronomy is the oldest science.
Astronomy is the only science that can really travel in the past.
Astronomy is the organized study of the universe above the Earth's atmosphere.
Astronomy is the perfect course to be taught over the Web.
Astronomy is the queen of sciences.
Astronomy is the science in which Australia has the greatest impact on the world stage.
Astronomy is the science in which the entire universe is studied.
Astronomy is the science most directly related to studying the universe.
Astronomy is the science of celestial bodies, their composition and their motions.
Astronomy is the science of the nature and motions of celestial bodies.
Astronomy is the science with the broader horizons full of new tech gizmo.
Astronomy is the scientific study of stars, planets and cosmic forces.
Astronomy is the scientific study of the stars and planets and their movements.
Astronomy is the scientific study of the stars, planets and the other celestial bodies.
Astronomy is the second class today where stuff was actually taught, the first being calculus.
Astronomy is the study of all that is found in space.
Astronomy is the study of comets, meteors, galaxies, planets, stars and other objects in space.
Astronomy is the study of planets, stars and other objects in space.
Astronomy is the study of the celestial bodies and their compositions, motions, and origins.
Astronomy is the study of the entire universe and everything in it.
Astronomy is the study of the planets and outer space.
Astronomy is the study of the planets, stars and galaxies that make up our universe.
Astronomy is the study of the planets, stars, and universe.
Astronomy is the study of the principles and development of the solar system and the galaxies.
Astronomy is the study of the stars and planets.
Astronomy is the study of the stars, of which the sun is one.
Astronomy is the study of the stars, solar system, stars, nebulae, etc.
Astronomy is the study of the universe and what it beholds.
Astronomy is the study of the universe with particular reference to celestial bodies.
Astronomy is the study of the universe.
Astronomy is the tip of the iceberg but also a major key in man's future survival.
Astronomy is the world's oldest science.
Astronomy is thousands of years old, and began when the first human stared out into space.
Astronomy is to look in the sky and see the stars.
Astronomy is too difficult of a subject to study all at once just prior to an exam.
Astronomy is unique among the sciences in that amateurs can and do play an important role.
Astronomy is up there, greenery is down here.
Astronomy is very similar to astrophysics.
Astronomy is written for astronomers.
Astronomy is, indeed, a family affair.
Astronomy isa science.
Astronomy lets eyes see what they never saw before, the heart feel what it never felt before.
Astronomy links Telescope reviews etc.
Astronomy locates our niche in space and time.
Astronomy Make sense of the Milky Way.
Astronomy needs large samples to derive statistically significant results.
Astronomy never gets boring.
Astronomy occupies most of the third floor of the building.
Astronomy offers a different set of challenges.
Astronomy offers great personal satisfaction.
Astronomy offers some hope.
Astronomy offers the possibility of discovery.
Astronomy permeates the history, philosophy, mythology and religion of every culture in Canada.
Astronomy places human development in context.
Astronomy progresses through information gathering and data analysis.
Astronomy provides a unique perspective on life which can be enriching at a very personal level.
Astronomy provides a unique perspective which can be enriching at a very personal level.
Astronomy provides many good examples to illustrate basic scientific principles.
Astronomy provides the evidence for the likelihood of sunlike stars.
Astronomy publishes programs from time to time.
Astronomy reaches an extraordinary audience of radio listeners.
Astronomy reflects eclipse.
Astronomy relies on principles.
Astronomy remains arguably the most vibrant of the physical sciences in the United States.
Astronomy reports Astrophysical journal Astrophysical journal.
Astronomy requires a mastery and proficiency in the physical sciences, mathematics and statistics.
Astronomy simply captures the imagination like few other topics.
Astronomy studies the flow of energy, and forces.
Astronomy teaches the correct use of the sun and the planets.
Astronomy tells a fascinating story.
Astronomy thus divides into fields such as astrophysics, celestial mechanics, and cosmology.
Astronomy turns out paper at an alarming rate.
Astronomy uses telescopes.
Astronomy using high energy gamma-radiation is an exciting and rapidly developing field.
Most astronomy applies techniques.
Most astronomy explains facts.
Most astronomy focuses on observations.
Most astronomy reflects eclipse.
Most astronomy relies on principles.
Most astronomy uses telescopes.
Some astronomy focuses on light.
Some astronomy focuses on motion.
Some astronomy has topics.
Some astronomy provides information.
Astrophysics combines the theories , observations, and experiments of astronomy and physics.
Astrophysics comprises of three focused and two cross-cutting programs.
Astrophysics deals with some of the most majestic themes known to science.
Astrophysics encompasses every conceivable scale that the universe has to offer.
Astrophysics has substantial data analysis programs with annual, fully open proposal solicitations.
Astrophysics Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Astrophysics investigates the physics of stellar evolution and cosmology.
Astrophysics is a difficult observational science.
Astrophysics is a fascinating field, but jobs are few, especially for a two-career couple.
Astrophysics is a perfect introduction and practice field for such skills.
Astrophysics is a science that applies principles of physics to many fields of astronomy.
Astrophysics is a spectator science.
Astrophysics is a very computational pursuit.
Astrophysics is also available as an elective.
Astrophysics is an area in which sense is one of the most important issues.
Astrophysics is at a disadvantage to the more terrestrial sciences.
Astrophysics is largely a male preserve.
Astrophysics is literally the physics of the many different types of stars.
Astrophysics is one of the most exciting fields of scientific research.
Astrophysics is that branch of astronomy dealing with the physical nature of heavenly bodies.
Astrophysics is the most interesting thing there is.
Astrophysics is the physics of celestial bodies.
Astrophysics is the science that applies principles of physics to many fields of astronomy.
Astrophysics is the study of how a star generates immense energy.
Astrophysics is the study of the physics of astronomy.
Astrophysics is the use of theories and ideas of physics in the study of space.
Astrophysics is transformed after neutrinos discovered to have mass.
Astrophysics preprint archive.
Astrophysics research to address the origin of the universe, galaxies and stars.
Astrophysics unveils new moons and planets in the universe.
Astrophysics works with the assumption that the laws of physics are the same everywhere.
Many astrophysical bodies are close to thermodynamic equilibrium.
Astrophysical constraints are rather crude.
Astrophysical observations indicate that most of the matter in the universe is invisible.
An astrophysicist is a stargazer
Astrophysicist explain how a star's life is a constant battle between pressure and gravity.
Astrophysicist sounds much more technical and impressive.
Astrophysicists are astronomers.
Astrophysicists believe they are cooked up in the jet by superfast particles.
Astrophysicists believe they understand the mechanism in complete detail.
Astrophysicists do it with large objects.
Astrophysicists do it with telescopes.
Astrophysicists generally agree that black holes exist.
Astrophysicists have little use for astrology, that wicked step-sister of astronomy.
Astrophysicists know that eight times as much dark matter exists in the universe.
Astrophysicists now state that extra dimensions of space and time exist.
Astrophysicists regard white dwarfs as a class of dying stars.
Astrophysicists respond in the negative.
Astrophysicists seek to understand the universe and our place in it.
Astrophysicists spend a great deal of time studying the properties of light.
Astrophysicists start giving more attention to the smallest of astronomical bodies - dust particles.
Astrophysicists study the physics of the universe.
Astrophysicists then respond with new insights about the early universe.
Astrophysicists use physics to explain what astronomers find and see .
Astrophysicists use physics to explain what astronomers find and see.
Astrophysicists value it as the true measure of energy emission as seen from the location of Earth.
Astute employers are accustomed to receiving counter-offers from prospective employees.
Astute growers are able to capture that extra income by selecting the variety best suited to their.
Astute investors can be on the lookout for compound words to compound their money.
Astute investors expect it.
Astute managers know that first impressions count.
Astute managers recognize that internal information has more management power.
Astute observers realise that the crisis has nothing to do with Asia.
Astute politicians keep ramshackle coalitions together by a combination of myths and lies.
Astute stewardship is required to make our finite resources last as long as possible.
Astute teachers realize that multi-modal teaching is a great way to deliver information to students.
Astute traders focus on daily stock charts for a clearer look at a stock's move.
Astute viewers can interpret the cryptic metaphors, or simply enjoy the opulent draftsmanship.
Astute viewers understand that it is time for the annual Real World Junket.
Asuka village is a very famous sightseeing place.
Asus boards have the best manuals.
ASUS cases are also a popular choice for our customers.
Aswini mudra is the name of the exercise.
Some asylum abuses are fine, as long as the applicant is a photogenic Cuban kid.
Most asylum cases rest on the credibility of the applicant.
Many asylum inmates claim to be celebrities or deities.
All asylum seekers can plead their cases before immigration authorities.
Many asylum seekers arrive without a valid passport.
Many asylum seekers have no documents or other evidence to prove their stories of terror.
Many asylum seekers have weak or fraudulent claims to protection.
Many asylum seekers pass from one European country to another before applying for asylum.
Most asylum seekers come from war-torn countries or are victims of political or ethnic persecution.
Most asylum seekers come here for purely selfish reasons - to escape death.
Most asylum seekers stay in London boroughs, or in south-east towns.
Most asylum seekers travel independently to Ireland to seek protection.
Some asylum seekers are refugees.
Some asylum seekers wait years for their appeals to be dealt with.
An asylum is a hospital
Asylums hire bounty hunters.
Asymmetric access is usually sufficient, given the nature of Net use.
Asymmetric algorithms are popular because the keys can be published.
Asymmetric algorithms are typically stronger than a short key length symmetric algorithm.
Asymmetric algorithms are used to distribute symmetric-keys at the start of a session .
Asymmetric algorithms are used to distribute symmetric-keys at the start of a session.
Asymmetric algorithms uses different keys for encryption and decryption.
Asymmetric arm pull, asymmetric kick, any kick other than a dolphin kick.
Asymmetric bars is the favorite apparatus, vaulting is least favorite.
Asymmetric carbons are colored red.
Asymmetric catalysis is an ideal way for synthesizing optically active compounds.
Asymmetric ciphers use a different strategy.
Asymmetric consistency is closely akin to reliability or reproducibility.
Asymmetric cryptography is harder to use.
Asymmetric cupping suggests glaucoma.
Asymmetric cut allows minimal sheet tending.
Asymmetric divisions are necessary and very important.
Asymmetric encryption allows for the secure transfer of data.
Asymmetric encryption eliminates the problem by using two keys, one public and one private.
Asymmetric encryption works a little differently.
Asymmetric extension is prevented by the design more so than with some conventional flaps.
Asymmetric information can also lead to selection problems.
Asymmetric information can cause a risk of delegation.
Asymmetric information is also a source of market failure.
Asymmetric key offers more flexibility but at lower performance.
Asymmetric keys are usually a set of related numbers.
Asymmetric lambda has the range .
Asymmetric lifts move back the center of gravity of the vehicle.
Asymmetric necklines are a new trend, baring one shoulder.
Asymmetric peaks can result from a number of other causes as well, i.e. large extra-column volumes.
Asymmetric power boosts extortion in an economic experiment.
Many asymmetric profiles have a single blueshifted peak with a red shoulder, rather than two peaks.
Asymmetric ribs are common.
Asymmetric routes mean that there is more than one way to reach the destination.
Asymmetric segregation is impaired in embryos mutant for the maternal effect gene nebel .
Asymmetric service is that in which the upstream and downstream channels have different bit rates.
Asymmetric spinnakers are much simpler and more powerful.
Asymmetric systems dedicate individual processors to specific tasks.
Asymmetric technologies deliver different speeds in each direction.
Asymmetric threats pose particular difficulties.
Asymmetric toes aid underwater swimming.
Asymmetric traffic flows requires separate management of downstream and upstream traffic.
Asymmetric unit contains four half molecules of the title compound.
Asymmetric unit contains one half of the anion and one cation.
Asymmetric unit contains two complete molecules, only one is shown in the plots here.
Asymmetric unit contains two molecules of the above compound.
Asymmetric warfare is nothing new.
Asymmetrical arches shape softly daylit interior.
Asymmetrical arrangements create an informal look by balancing the visual weight of the objects.
Asymmetrical balance is achieved by using irregular shapes.
Asymmetrical balance is dynamic.
Asymmetrical balance is more interesting.
Asymmetrical balance is random but stable.
Asymmetrical balance provides great individual latitude and variety, and so is used more often.
Asymmetrical balance tends to be more interpretive and less formal.
Asymmetrical breasts are very normal.
Asymmetrical compression means just the opposite.
Asymmetrical designs tend to be dynamic.
Asymmetrical display directs the eye, emphasizing an order for viewing items.
Asymmetrical lines are preferable to symmetrical ones.
Asymmetrical men are prone to having their women stolen by symmetrical ones.
Asymmetrical modems receive data faster than they can send it.
Asymmetrical movement overflow in children depends on handedness and task characteristics.
Asymmetrical outfits rule the day.
Asymmetrical shoes allow a more natural gait.
Asymmetrical table handle grip by the patient while pulling down and pushing up.
Asymmetrical vanes provide the lift required for flight.
Asymmetrical waistlines begin at the natural waistline and angle down to one side.
Asymmetrical warfare allows a weaker opponent to level the playing field by unorthodox means.
An asymmetry is a property
Asymmetries affect measurements.
Asymmetries can arise from stable, cross-competitive effects.
Asymmetries can be costly if they affect survival.
Asymmetries soon develop as the membrane rips apart, ejecting a directional spray from the surface.
Asymmetry balances the surface of the blade as it is pulled through the water.
Asymmetry decreases with increasing distance from nucleus.
Asymmetry isa property.
Asymmetry occurs but is usually mild.
Asymmetry suggests extraocular muscle pathology.
Most asymmetries affect measurements.
Some asymmetries lead to character displacement.
Some asymmetries lead to displacement.
Some asymmetry is left in the splotch.
Asymptomatic carriers are common.
Asymptomatic carriers are presumably the major source of transmission of pathogenic strains.
Asymptomatic carriers can introduce the organism into new populations.
Asymptomatic carriers can still, however, infect other people with the virus.
Asymptomatic carriers exist.
Asymptomatic carriers pass cysts in the faeces.
Asymptomatic carriers play a role in transmission, particularly during outbreaks.
Asymptomatic deer excrete infectious prions in faeces.
Asymptomatic gallstones have no mortality.
Asymptomatic hemorrhoids are normal and usually they are harmless.
Asymptomatic hyperglycemia is a significant public health problem.
Asymptomatic illness is rare.
Asymptomatic infection can occur.
Asymptomatic infection is also common.
Asymptomatic infection is frequent.
Asymptomatic infection is probably common.
Asymptomatic infection is probably quite widespread.
Asymptomatic infections are more common in women and chlamydia is a very common coinfection.
Asymptomatic infections are the most common in healthy adults.
Asymptomatic infections can also occur.
Asymptomatic infections can occur most notably in children.
Asymptomatic infections can occur.
Asymptomatic infections occur in both sexes.
Asymptomatic infections occur sometimes with long-term shedding of virus from the pharynx or gut.
Asymptomatic infections occur.
Asymptomatic intervals vary but tend to become shorter as the disease progresses.
Asymptomatic patients maintain a small population of cells active against the virus.
Many asymptomatic patients have abnormal imaging study.
Asymptomatic people are infectious.
Asymptomatic periods allow it to do more damage.
Asymptomatic stones are common.
Asymptomatic variation tends to receive less examination.
An asymptote is a straight line
Asymptotes are lines on a graph which the graph gets very close to, but never touches.
Asymptotes therefore dictate the shape of the graph.
Asymptotic analysis has a role to play in parallel program design.
Asymptotic analysis reveals that the algorithm requires time on processors.
Asymptotic analysis shows how the run time grows as a function of the input size.
Asymptotic curves contain phases that are increasing and nearly linear.
Asymptotic efficiencies remain bounded away from zero even for fine-grain distributions.
Asymptotic efficiency is another desirable property then considered.
Asymptotic freedom gives it the rich and changeable characteristics of being both weak and strong.
Asymptotic freedom means that quarks interact more weakly the closer they are together.
Asymptotic normality is established for estimators of the wavelet covariance and correlation.
Asymptotic parallels approach each other in the direction of parallelism.
Asynchronious version is available in sources.
Asynchronous bandwidth is allocated using an eight-level prio rity scheme.
Asynchronous calls can be with or without reply.
Asynchronous circuits contain fine grain, dynamic power management due to the handshake protocols.
Asynchronous circuits distribute their power consumption across time and frequency.
Asynchronous circuits operate correctly only under timing assumptions.
Asynchronous classes have no class meetings.
Asynchronous classes have no lectures.
Asynchronous classes let students work at their own pace.
Asynchronous communication can involve group learning.
Asynchronous communication changes the dynamics of work and how people contribute.
Asynchronous communication emphasizes individual learning.
Asynchronous communication has a lot of potential applications for peer review.
Asynchronous communication is a necessity for the field salesperson.
Asynchronous communication is a protocol for coordinating serial data transfers.
Asynchronous communication is supported by the integrated message and e-mail tools.
Asynchronous communication is the prevailing standard in the personal computer industry.
Asynchronous communication is used for several reasons.
Asynchronous communication means that communication is delayed.
Asynchronous communication provides control and flexibility.
Asynchronous communication provides scope for new talents.
Asynchronous conversations cross communication boundaries of other kinds.
Asynchronous courses allow for communication only through email or even snail mail.
Asynchronous culture is discussed in class.
Asynchronous data is anti-alias filtered.
Asynchronous data is multiplexed using positive bit stuffing.
Asynchronous data is packaged within start and stop bits.
Asynchronous delivery allows students to determine their own times for instruction.
Asynchronous design has some potential benefits in areas like performance, power, and productivity.
Asynchronous devices transmit characters individually with arbitrary time intervals in between.
Asynchronous dialogue allows students and their teachers to manage their own learning times.
Asynchronous discussion takes place within the discussion window.
Asynchronous discussions don t require that everyone is online at the same time.
Asynchronous events can change execution order.
Asynchronous instruction is more flexible than synchronous instruction.
Asynchronous integration ensures guaranteed data delivery independent of two-phase commit logic.
Asynchronous interaction is convenient for most people.
Asynchronous libraries are automatically threadable.
Asynchronous message passing allows more parallelism.
Asynchronous message passing introduces several problems.
Asynchronous messaging allows developers to build simpler, richer client environments.
Asynchronous mode applies when service requests are issued asynchronous with normal processing.
Asynchronous notifications inform the user of energy exhaustion and computation termination.
Asynchronous processing is much more complex.
Asynchronous processing is necessary and requires modifications to the normal type of HTML requests.
Asynchronous programs are more flexible and handle conditionals more efficiently.
Asynchronous signals are independent of the program.
Asynchronous transmission is used for applications with low-speed terminals or pcs.
Asynchronous transmission is used for low speed transmission.
Asynchronous transport is the traditional computer memory-mapped, load and store interface.
An at is an unit
ATs rely on the focus.
Atactic polypropylene is an elastomer.
Atactic polystyrene is a hard plastic, and completely amorphous.
Atactical level is incorporated via combat, which operates rather like a poor man's Myth.
Atari fans hold conventions all across the country.
Atauro material is scarce and very rare to the market.
An atavism is a recurrence
Atavism kills, and that is India's damning sin as a nation.
Some atavistic chaos endures.
Some ataxia patients improve dramatically.
Atcota g is clotha.
ATE students enroll in four interrelated courses taken simultaneously during the semester.
ATE students participate in state-approved testing and certification of skill standards.
Atec employees enjoy a flexible benefit plan featuring the following core and optional benefits.
Atecnic staff consists of highly qualified engineers, skilled technicians and other experts.
An atelectasis is pathology
Atelectasis is a collapse of airways or an airless region of the lung.
Atelectasis is a common cause of severe hypoxemia that develops during mechanical ventilation.
Atelectasis is a shrunken and airless state of the lung, or portion of it.
Atelectasis is collapse of lung or part of it.
Atelectasis is demonstrated.
Atelectasis occurs when the obstruction becomes complete and trapped air is absorbed.
Atelectasises are diseases.
Atelectasises are pathology.
Some atelectatic lung is seen adjacent to the descending aorta.
An atelier is a studio
Atelier is an independent voluntary association continuing in the tradition of culture avant-garde.
Atelier is both sexy and stylish with two busy rooms of music to choose from.
Atemi competitions are essentially self defence competitions.
Athabasca lake is igsm.
Athabascan culture is highly individualized.
Athabascan girls are especially broad-hipped, but have virtually no buttocks at all.
Most atheism sites are heavy with anti-christian hate.
Atheism comes in many forms, both secular and religious.
Atheism destroys the sacredness and obligation of an oath.
Atheism inspires a devotion which is religious in itself.
Atheism is a lack of belief in god.
Atheism is a non prophet organisation.
Atheism is a non- prophet organization.
Atheism is a non-profit organization.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
Atheism is a nonprophet organization.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Atheism is a philosophy spawned in settings where people are surrounded by what they have built.
Atheism is a powerful tool for enhancing faith, if used wisely, lovingly, and with preparation.
Atheism is a rather extreme position to take with regard to religious belief.
Atheism is a rather hollow position.
Atheism is a religion that believes the universe is the product of natural forces.
Atheism is a religion.
Atheism is a religious institution.
Atheism is a self-reliant philosophy.
Atheism is a system of sin denial.
Atheism is a world-view, with profound implications.
Atheism is always with respect to a certain, defined god.
Atheism is beliefs.
Atheism is content
Atheism is death.
Atheism is defensible and logical.
Atheism is different .
Atheism is fact like evolution is fact.
Atheism is important because it is reasonable, and reason is of crucial importance in human affairs.
Atheism is incredibly perverse.
Atheism is much more compatible with a universe infinite in time and space.
Atheism is negligible.
Atheism is non-belief in a deity.
Atheism is non-science just as theism is.
Atheism is nothing new.
Atheism is older than America, of course.
Atheism is science Atheist philosophy is science philosophy.
Atheism is sin.
Atheism is songless.
Atheism is song-less.
Atheism is such a simple concept.
Atheism is supportive.
Atheism is tabu or ignored in all important Norwegian political parties.
Atheism is thus merely Oedipal wish fulfillment.
Atheism is too barren, too pessimistic and too morally bankrupt to live with very long.
Atheism is unbelief.
Atheism is unprovable, so uninteresting.
Atheism ranges from strong to weak.
Atheism renders the human experience absurd, meaningless and empty.
Atheism requires, at the ultimate level, mindlessness or absence of intelligence.
Atheism still prevails among all classes of society.
Atheism thus becomes a belief system like any other religion.
Atheism turns out to be too simple.
Atheist beliefs differ widely.
Atheist couple have a large family.
Atheist ideologies are like a sort of mysticism which wants to free people.
An atheist is an unbeliever
Atheists also complain about the 'hypocrisy' seen in the religious world.
Atheists also exist.
Atheists are a mixed lot, just like any other group in society.
Atheists are arrogant.
Atheists are comfortable and content with a life-style free from theism.
Atheists are communists.
Atheists are content with their life-style.
Atheists are for total religious liberty.
Atheists are generally good-hearted people, just like theists generally are.
Atheists are immoral and evil.
Atheists are in a distressing fog as to the nature of human destiny.
Atheists are in for a surprise.
Atheists are just as stupid as tub-thumping fundamentalists.
Atheists are located in foxholes.
Atheists are nearly as open-minded about religion as muslims in fact.
Atheists are nonconformist individualists who think for themselves.
Atheists are now at the head of the hit list.
Atheists are people of all persuasions.
Atheists are people.
Atheists are quite varied.
Atheists are rational.
Atheists are right only in pointing out the existence of evil.
Atheists are stoopid.
Atheists are theists and theists are atheists.
Atheists are up in arms, and civil libertarian groups are threatening to sue.
Atheists are wise in their own conceits.
Atheists argue differently depending on what it is that grounds their unbelief.
Atheists believe that our destiny is in our hands.
Atheists believe that the roots in our tree model provide everything needed for survival.
Atheists can be Moral, Too.
Atheists can do good works.
Atheists can have joy, peace, happiness, patience, etc.
Atheists can never say it is wrong to kill.
Atheists claim to trust science, reason and critical thinking.
Atheists come in all political persuasions.
Atheists come in many varieties and shades, but have certain qualities in common.
Atheists declare that it was superstition and ignorance.
Atheists deny the existence of gods, but the gods don t deny the existence of atheists.
Atheists deserve respect.
Atheists disbelieve that one too.
Atheists do it all the time.
Atheists do it.
Atheists do tend to congregate there.
Atheists easily condemn the meaningless rituals of religious people.
Atheists feel free because atheism is based upon the recognition of the freewill of man.
Atheists gather early in the morning on the snowy meadows.
Atheists have no idea of any purpose for life.
Atheists have no invisible means of support.
Atheists have no one to talk to at orgasm.
Atheists have rights, too.
Atheists have spiritual concerns just like everyone else.
Atheists know nothing of their origin.
Atheists know that ethics and morality have nothing to do with religious systems.
Atheists know that rationalization of basically false dogmas is futile.
Atheists know that there are lots of difficult problems facing mankind.
Atheists lag behind blacks and gays in terms of political appeal at the ballot box.
Atheists leave that logical mistake to theists.
Atheists now understand that the law of probability is against evolution.
Atheists oppose any public funds going to the support of any church or religious program.
Atheists plead an empty cause.
Atheists promote free thought and the separation of church and state.
Atheists receive the lowest ratings of all.
Atheists refuse to have an Umpire.
Atheists regard worship as a human fantasy.
Atheists reject superstition and prejudice along with the irrational fears they cause.
Atheists seem to have nothing else to do.
Atheists simply lack a god belief.
Atheists simply reject that last one as well.
Atheists stay atheists and religious people stay religious.
Atheists think it is dishonest to go further than reason.
Atheists trust in the ability of people to find solutions to their problems.
Atheists worship at the altar of logic.
Atheists frequently disagree among themselves.
Atheists often use a similar argument to undermine theism.
All atheists are bad people.
All atheists are dumb.
All atheists are eligible to participate.
All atheists hold a materialist worldview.
Every atheist is an atheist among other things.
Many atheists demand that others stop misrepresenting atheism.
Many atheists deny that there is such a thing as a valid definition for theism.
Many atheists seem to think so.
Many atheists subscribe to it as well.
Many atheists think that because almost everyone swears in on the Bible, that it is law to do so.
Most atheists are still in the closet.
Most atheists profess only to believe in what can be scientifically proven.
Some atheists are anarchists.
Some atheists are fundamentalists about it.
Some atheists assert that no god-claim is understandable because all are illogical.
Some atheists feel obligated to profess atheism because sophistication demands cynicism.
Some atheists get wind of the tragedy and they filter it through their viewpoint.
Some atheists think the universe has always been here.
Atheistic civilization is the civilization of free, equal and moral people.
Atheistic evolution says that it's all a matter of chance.
Atheistic evolutionists have difficulty accounting for altruism.
Atheistic humanism is so dangerous, as dangerous as communism.
Atheistic materialism is the logical outcome of scientific knowledge gained over the centuries.
Atheletic contests are fairly common.
Atheletic experience is helpful.
Athematic verbs have a full grade root under stress, but a zero grade when the ending is stressed.
Athene employees take the auditions seriously.
Athenian democracy develops.
Athenian democracy is overthrown, and Athens is forced to surrender to Sparta as a subject state.
Athenian trade is destroyed.
Atheological education is fundamental to the chief advocates of the church growth movement.
An atheroma is fat
Atheroma tends to develop in the abdominal aorta and at the origins of major branches.
Atheromatous plaque is a swelling on the inner surface of an artery produced by lipid deposit.
Atherosclerosis affects all arteries.
Atherosclerosis affects different arteries at different rates in different people.
Atherosclerosis affects large and medium-sized arteries.
Atherosclerosis affects medium and large sized arteries in the body.
Atherosclerosis affects the heart, brain etc.
Atherosclerosis also raises blood pressure.
Atherosclerosis begins in childhood.
Atherosclerosis begins when insulin resistance begins.
Atherosclerosis begins when something injures the lining of an artery.
Atherosclerosis begins with the accu mulation of fatty streaks on the inner arterial walls.
Atherosclerosis build up af fat and cholesterol deposits within the wall of an artery.
Atherosclerosis can affect flow to the brain, heart.
Atherosclerosis can also upset the delicate balance of blood clots.
Atherosclerosis can cause a heart attack or stroke.
Atherosclerosis can cause two kinds of blockages.
Atherosclerosis can lead to an increased risk of heart attack or stroke.
Atherosclerosis can lead to heart attack.
Atherosclerosis can lead to heart attacks and strokes or poor circulation in the legs and feet.
Atherosclerosis can lead to heart disease and strokes.
Atherosclerosis can occur in any artery in the body.
Atherosclerosis can take a toll through other mechanisms as well however.
Atherosclerosis can ultimately lead to a heart attack.
Atherosclerosis causes decreased blood flow.
Atherosclerosis causes more deaths from heart disease than any other single condition.
Atherosclerosis causes the arteries in the legs to become narrow.
Atherosclerosis Define the systemic risk factors for atherosclerosis.
Atherosclerosis develops over years.
Atherosclerosis gets progressively worse with increasing age.
Atherosclerosis has a higher incidence in people who have diabetes.
Atherosclerosis has many features in common with chronic inflammatory processes.
Atherosclerosis has the characteristic of a lesion, or atheromatous plaque.
Atherosclerosis increases the risk of heart attack, stroke and heart disease.
Atherosclerosis invades both the superficial and deep layers of the vessel walls.
Atherosclerosis involves a buildup of rough, fatty deposits on the blood vessel walls.
Atherosclerosis is a buildup of fatty deposits within the walls of the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a buildup of fatty deposits.
Atherosclerosis is a buildup of material called plaque on and in the wall of an artery .
Atherosclerosis is a chronic accumulation of fat deposits within the wall of an artery.
Atherosclerosis is a chronic illness that develops over decades.
Atherosclerosis is a common disorder of the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a condition affecting the circulatory system .
Atherosclerosis is a condition in which fatty deposits build up on the inside of the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a condition of plaque build-up in the medium and larger sized arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a degenerative disease that results in narrowing of the coronary arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a disease affecting the arterial blood vessel.
Atherosclerosis is a disease caused by faulty or incomplete lipid metabolism.
Atherosclerosis is a disease condition that can occur throughout the arterial circulation.
Atherosclerosis is a disease of large and medium-sized arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a disease of the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a disease process that occurs over years.
Atherosclerosis is a disease that develops over several decades.
Atherosclerosis is a form of arteriosclerosis, or hardening of the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a form of heart disease .
Atherosclerosis is a form of heart disease.
Atherosclerosis is a healing process.
Atherosclerosis is a leading cause of death in the United States.
Atherosclerosis is a major contributor to coronary heart disease and stroke.
Atherosclerosis is a major risk factor for heart attack.
Atherosclerosis is a narrowing of the arteries caused by plaques on the inner lining.
Atherosclerosis is a narrowing of the arteries from plaques on the inner lining.
Atherosclerosis is a predisposing condition for heart attack and stroke.
Atherosclerosis is a problem that tends to compound itself.
Atherosclerosis is a progressive condition leading to arterial blockage and reduced blood flow.
Atherosclerosis is a progressive disease and can develop in any artery in the body.
Atherosclerosis is a progressive problem that, in some people, begins early in life.
Atherosclerosis is a result of long-term high blood cholesterol levels.
Atherosclerosis is a sequence of events.
Atherosclerosis is a silent killer.
Atherosclerosis is a silent, painless process that results in reduced blood flow.
Atherosclerosis is a thickening or hardening of the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is a type of arteriosclerosis that primarily affects the inner lining of the artery.
Atherosclerosis is a type of arteriosclerosis, but the two words are often used interchangeably.
Atherosclerosis is a type of arteriosclerosis.
Atherosclerosis is accelerated by high blood pressure.
Atherosclerosis is accelerated in diabetics.
Atherosclerosis is also a factor in causing arrhythmia.
Atherosclerosis is also a leading cause of many deaths from heart attack and stroke.
Atherosclerosis is also available to view by clicking on the highlighted word.
Atherosclerosis is arteriosclerosis.
Atherosclerosis is atherosclerosis.
Atherosclerosis is basically a two-step process.
Atherosclerosis is caused by high cholesterol and smoking.
Atherosclerosis is caused by the adherence of platelets to the arterial walls.
Atherosclerosis is caused by the deposit of substances in the artery s inner lining.
Atherosclerosis is characterized by plaque accumulation in arteries that begins in early adulthood.
Atherosclerosis is characterized by reduced elasticity of vessels and arteries.
Atherosclerosis is characterized by the buildup of cholesterol in the walls of arteries.
Atherosclerosis is characterized by the build-up of cholesterol in the walls of arteries.
Atherosclerosis is classified as an ageing disease.
Atherosclerosis is collected fatty deposits and cholesterol in the arterial walls.
Atherosclerosis is common in patients who are of middle or old age.
Atherosclerosis is described as degenerative changes in the walls of the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is essentially a chronic form of inflamation.
Atherosclerosis is generally worse at the beginning of an artery where turbulence is greater.
Atherosclerosis is illnesses.
Atherosclerosis is induced by the combined effects of genetic and environmental factors.
Atherosclerosis is induration
Atherosclerosis is known to cause heart attacks and strokes.
Atherosclerosis is measured by ultrasonography.
Atherosclerosis is more common as people get older and gets worse over time.
Atherosclerosis is more common in men of all age groups.
Atherosclerosis is one of the known precursors to heart attack.
Atherosclerosis is one of the major cardiovascular diseases.
Atherosclerosis is one of the nation's most significant health problems.
Atherosclerosis is one of the ways of accelerating the hardening process.
Atherosclerosis is pathologically similar to a chronic inflammatory response.
Atherosclerosis is probably the result of the action of many genes.
Atherosclerosis is rapid in the diabetic kidney.
Atherosclerosis is responsible for most cardiovascular disease.
Atherosclerosis is the build up of cholesterol deposits, or plaque, in the lining of the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is the build-up of cholesterol and inflammatory cells in the walls of arteries.
Atherosclerosis is the build-up of fatty substances on the inside of the artery walls.
Atherosclerosis is the build-up of plaque in the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is the commonest cause of obstruction.
Atherosclerosis is the disease process that can lead to heart disease and stroke.
Atherosclerosis is the gradual buildup of fat and cholesterol deposits in the arteries.
Atherosclerosis is the leading cause of angina.
Atherosclerosis is the leading cause of both brain attack and heart attack.
Atherosclerosis is the leading cause of death in Europe and North America.
Atherosclerosis is the leading cause of death in the developed world.
Atherosclerosis is the leading cause of heart attacks.
Atherosclerosis is the major form of heart disease in Western countries.
Atherosclerosis is the most common arterial disease.
Atherosclerosis is the most common cause of abdominal aortic aneurysms.
Atherosclerosis is the most common cause of coronary artery disease in lupus.
Atherosclerosis is the most common cause of coronary heart disease, including heart attacks.
Atherosclerosis is the narrowing of the arteries caused by plaque accumulation.
Atherosclerosis is the narrowing of the coronary arteries.
Atherosclerosis is the underlying cause of heart attacks or stroke.
Atherosclerosis is the underlying process that causes heart attacks and most strokes.
Atherosclerosis is the underlying process that causes most heart disease.
Atherosclerosis is usually progressive and frequently leads to complications.
Atherosclerosis is, by far, the most common cause.
Atherosclerosis isa sclerosis.
Atherosclerosis leads to heart disease, strokes and other forms of vascular disease.
Atherosclerosis leads to ischemic strokes by making arteries narrow, rough, stiff and weak.
Atherosclerosis leads to strokes, heart attacks, and other serious health problems.
Atherosclerosis means less blood is flowing through the arteries.
Atherosclerosis narrows the blood vessels and thus decreases blood flow to the kidneys.
Atherosclerosis occurs over time as the arteries gradually narrow because of buildup of plaque.
Atherosclerosis occurs when deposits, called plaque, collect on the inside walls of arteries.
Atherosclerosis refers to the accumulation of fatty streak lesions in the coronary arteries.
Atherosclerosis remains a common and significant cause of morbidity and mortality in our society.
Atherosclerosis shows no symptoms until a complication occurs.
Atherosclerosis significantly increases the risk of heart disease and stroke.
Atherosclerosis starts early.
Atherosclerosis starts in childhood, and is accelerated in some individuals.
Atherosclerosis takes many years, even decades to develop.
Atherosclerosis tends to collect near branching points in the arteries.
Atherosclerosis usually indicates hypertension or high blood pressure.
Atherosclerosis usually involves the proximal ICA and carotid bulb.
Some atherosclerosis affects hearts.
Some atherosclerosis leads to attacks.
Some atherosclerosis leads to heart attacks.
Atherosclerotic lesions are perhaps a prerequisite for the development of such aneurysm.
Atherosclerotic plaque damages the lining of an artery.
Atherosclerotic plaque is formed when damage occurs to the lining of an artery.
Atherosclerotic plaques can cause cracks or fissures in the vessel wall.
Atherosclerotic plaques cause clinical disease by three mechanisms.
Atherosclerotic plaques cause narrowing of the arteries, and lead to heart attacks and strokes.
Atherosclerotic plaques continue to grow for many years.
Atherosclerotic plaques rupture and expose tissue factor-rich plaque contents to blood.
Some atherosclerotic plaques are relatively stable, and relatively unlikely to cause heart attacks.
Most athlete agents provide valuable services which are greatly needed by student athletes.
Athlete attendance is compulsory.
An athlete is a contestant
Athlete ambulates without aids.
Athlete becomes a provisional qualifier.
Athlete comes to town.
Athlete does well.
Athlete ends up without a pro career or a college degree.
Athlete extends their dominant arm, shoulder, and fingers above their head and touches the board.
Athlete gets big contract.
Athlete is another possible profession.
Athlete is usually out from six weeks to six months.
Athlete is usually out from three weeks up to twelve months depending upon course of treatment.
Athlete isa individual.
Athlete isa person.
Athlete isa somebody.
Athlete isa someone.
Athlete prepares for dog-sled ride.
Athlete sits with knee bent and foot flat on table.
Athlete wins national honor Woman kicker wins two awards.
Athletes achieve peak performance by training and eating a variety of foods.
Athletes add mass.
Athletes also attend several invitational meets each season.
Athletes also benefit from Friday Night at the Fountain.
Athletes also can attend a year of prep school to void a letter of intent.
Athletes also can run into trouble by ignoring usage directions for medications.
Athletes also employ biomechanics in their training.
Athletes also find that the injectable version is far superior to the oral.
Athletes also have rights.
Athletes also have the ability to be leaders and help out the younger campers.
Athletes also have to coordinate drink and nourishment breaks in the longer events.
Athletes also learn how to shake hands after a game, regardless of the winner or loser.
Athletes also participate in a weight lifting program to develop strength and conditioning.
Athletes also participate in many leadership activities on campus.
Athletes also psyche themselves up before performing.
Athletes also receive verbal feedback of their results on the day the assessment is performed.
Athletes also vary in how they manifest stress.
Athletes are a docile lot.
Athletes are a group who have special dietary needs because of their level of physical activity.
Athletes are a reflection of the coach.
Athletes are a special breed and deserve specialized care.
Athletes are a surefire way to create a passionate, high-energy and fun work environment.
Athletes are able to leave a testing site with test results that they can understand.
Athletes are able to ski and swim in the same day.
Athletes are aggressive.
Athletes are also able to seek out tutors for their individual classes.
Athletes are also at high risk of low iron levels.
Athletes are also better at reducing loss of sodium through the kidneys.
Athletes are also superstitious, searching for ways to control games that are inherently chaotic.
Athletes are also terrified of being excommunicated from the group.
Athletes are always in the best shape.
Athletes are an easy target.
Athletes are at high risk because they have low body fat.
Athletes are at risk because they use their joints so much.
Athletes are at their most vulnerable when dealing with the media.
Athletes are athletes, but they have to be exposed to good competition and good coaching.
Athletes are athletes.
Athletes are basically vocational students.
Athletes are better prepared for higher level competitions.
Athletes are bigger, better, and more talented today.
Athletes are bigger, faster and stronger than ever.
Athletes are both fierce competitors and close friends.
Athletes are capable of play sports.
Athletes are capable of sprints.
Athletes are certainly due some compensation.
Athletes are certainly welcome to do that or a combination of both.
Athletes are contestants.
Athletes are creatures of habit.
Athletes are delighted at the prospect of having a permanent training and competition site.
Athletes are different in every sport.
Athletes are different.
Athletes are eligible for an athletic scholarship in combination with an academic award.
Athletes are eligible only if they fit within the parameters.
Athletes are experts at delaying gratification.
Athletes are extraordinary performers, often nothing more.
Athletes are far more likely to strain back muscles as they grow older.
Athletes are financially responsible for lost books.
Athletes are generally fairly happy and focused.
Athletes are generally handsomer, stronger and more attractive.
Athletes are greedy.
Athletes are human.
Athletes are idols and role models for some.
Athletes are impressionable, and they want to be wowed.
Athletes are like a porch light turned on in the middle of the night in the middle of the summer.
Athletes are like bars of soap.
Athletes are located in locker rooms.
Athletes are located in sporting events.
Athletes are located in stadiums.
Athletes are marketable products.
Athletes are mercenary.
Athletes Are More Likely to Use Contraceptives.
Athletes are most concerned with how to better their performance.
Athletes are no different in that respect.
Athletes are no strangers to pressure.
Athletes are notoriously clannish.
Athletes are now celebrities, and celebrities play by a different set of rules.
Athletes are often concerned with the loss of electrolytes from sweat.
Athletes are often over weight.
Athletes are often reluctant to discuss ergogenic supplement use with their physicians.
Athletes are often the targets of business con games because they are assumed to be rich, but naive.
Athletes are often unprepared, mentally, emotionally, and financially.
Athletes are one such group.
Athletes are only entertainers.
Athletes are particularly at risk because the ankle sprain is the most common injury in sports.
Athletes are particularly vulnerable.
Athletes are people.
Athletes are people.
Athletes are popular and heroic figures on the campus and sometimes in the nation.
Athletes are power conscious.
Athletes are powerful individuals in our society.
Athletes are remarkably unique in their talents and abilities.
Athletes are responsible for all bike repairs while on the course.
Athletes are responsible for all housing, meal and transportation costs.
Athletes are responsible for all work missed.
Athletes are responsible for keeping up with the actual time table of events.
Athletes are responsible for providing their own housing and meals.
Athletes are responsible for their equipment, food, and drinks.
Athletes are responsible for their fans.
Athletes are responsible for their own injuries.
Athletes are responsible for their own meals and accommodation.
Athletes are responsible to pay for any lost or damaged equipment.
Athletes are role models.
Athletes are second only to parents as people kids look up to.
Athletes are skilled warriors and often showcase dangerous feats of skill and strength.
Athletes are so visible and everyone knows who they are.
Athletes are students first.
Athletes are students, just like everyone else.
Athletes are subject to specific criteria in each sport.
Athletes are susceptible to every pitfall out there.
Athletes are the best models for sculpture.
Athletes are the first people that get looked to when it comes to drug testing.
Athletes are the heroes of our youth.
Athletes are the most common people to visit a doctor with some sort of knee problem.
Athletes are to be respectful to all administrators, coaches, game officials and teachers.
Athletes are to be supervised at all times during practices, games, and in the locker rooms.
Athletes are to meet in the atrium.
Athletes are to report to the athletic training room to get appropriate care after school.
Athletes are to report to the high school gym.
Athletes are to sit in the North bleachers.
Athletes are ultimately responsible for any prescription drugs, supplements, etc.
Athletes are USA team members unless otherwise noted.
Athletes are usually pretty healthy people.
Athletes are very disciplined.
Athletes are very special people with very special needs.
Athletes are very visible and vulnerable to criticism from fans, coaches, and teammates.
Athletes are visible representatives of the university.
Athletes are welcome at all levels, from beginners to national competitors.
Athletes are, because of their exposure to the public, ambassadors of the School District.
Athletes are, by and large, superpeople, they're so focussed in their lives.
Athletes aspire to their ultimate challenge.
Athletes assume certain risks when they play sports.
Athletes attend school.
Athletes become as large as life itself.
Athletes become champions for themselves.
Athletes become eligible five years after graduation.
Athletes become eligible three years after retirement.
Athletes become heros.
Athletes become our idols.
Athletes begin at the top of a ramp, which they descend while pedaling and being pulled by gravity.
Athletes begin careers.
Athletes begin professional careers.
Athletes begin their creatine process with a loading phase of twenty grams per day for five days.
Athletes benefit from their association with the Olympics, which in turn reflects on their sponsors.
Athletes benefit most when they take full advantage of opportunities to recharge during recovery.
Athletes benefit physically, mentally, socially, and spiritually.
Athletes benefit through decreased recovery time and a boost in overall wellness.
Athletes binge more often than the general population and drink harder when they choose to imbibe.
Athletes bring so much to the school, and they give up so much of their time.
Athletes bring students, families, and the community together.
Athletes build up their physical strength through frequent workouts.
Athletes burn up more of certain nutrients than people with more sedentary occupations or hobbies.
Athletes can actually choose a decent sport diet at most places if they make wise choices.
Athletes can also benefit from using a little common sense.
Athletes can also enter online.
Athletes can also purchase participation Medals.
Athletes can also qualify to participate in additional Skyrunning events.
Athletes can also register as a three-person relay, with each person doing one portion of the race.
Athletes can also seek the services of a qualified sport psychologist.
Athletes can also sip carbohydrate-loaded drinks during exercise.
Athletes can also suffer greatly from anxiety and stress.
Athletes can also wear a device in the vagina such as a tampon or pessary.
Athletes can be a real pain in the arse sometimes.
Athletes can be very selfish in building up an empire around their own physical achievements.
Athletes can compete in singles or doubles.
Athletes can do all three or register as a part team.
Athletes can donate as regularly as anyone else.
Athletes can double the amount of glycogen their muscle can hold.
Athletes can double the amount of glycogen their muscles can hold.
Athletes can enhance performance and speed recovery time by educated use of food and supplements.
Athletes can enter personal data about their sports performance for coaches to consider.
Athletes can enter races of varying distances and complete as individuals or teams.
Athletes can especially benefit from proper stretching, both before and after exercise.
Athletes can expect to return to competition nine to twelve months after surgery.
Athletes can find articles, training programs, products, and other great tools on the site.
Athletes can find sticker paper that covers the sporting thematic.
Athletes can fly directly to Beijing from many major cities around the world.
Athletes can get bigger, stronger and faster, with less effort than previous.
Athletes can go through slumps, where their scores are less than they are capable of.
Athletes can import firearms for use in competitions without paying duty and taxes.
Athletes can learn perfect technique on skills in a fraction of the normal training time.
Athletes can learn the importance of team work and everyone gets rewarded.
Athletes can learn to think very clearly in physical activity.
Athletes can lift weights and do other things to get themselves in shape.
Athletes can lose four to six pounds of water an hour during heavy exercise.
Athletes can make verbal commitments before signing day, but they are non-binding.
Athletes can make wonderful role models for kids in the community.
Athletes can only compete in one division.
Athletes can only participate in one sport.
Athletes can perform better and our bodies just function better.
Athletes can play in singles, pairs and teams competitions.
Athletes can play on a team or do the Individual Skills Competition.
Athletes can post a picture and a profile for college coaches to review.
Athletes can race in local, regional, and national competitions.
Athletes can reduce their suspensions by completing a counseling program at a treatment facility.
Athletes can register as a team or as an individual.
Athletes can register for free to help get a rowing scholarship.
Athletes can rent cage by the half-hour or hour.
Athletes can rest and recoup by participating in karaoke, bingo, ring toss, a dunk tank and more.
Athletes can return to activity gradually, usually wearing a brace or orthotics in their shoes.
Athletes can serve as role models and spokespersons.
Athletes can sign their names and write personal messages to their teammates.
Athletes can sign up individually or as a four person team.
Athletes can still give joy, excitement, and hope to millions of youngsters.
Athletes can t get a legit part time job, off season, to make ends meet.
Athletes can take part in events on a year round basis.
Athletes can then train sooner and harder.
Athletes can train beginning at age six and enter competitions at age eight.
Athletes can train their muscles to store more glycogen and to use their limited supply sparingly.
Athletes can train to improve individual performance in local, regional and national competitions.
Athletes can use the money to supplement a partial athletic scholarship.
Athletes can wait until they turn pro to earn a steady income.
Athletes celebrate victories with cigars, and so do presidents.
Athletes cheat for the money and social status that comes from success.
Athletes cheer each other on and congratulate the winners.
Athletes choose a sport that matches their interests and abilities.
Athletes claim homecourt advantage makes a big difference in baseball, football and basketball.
Athletes combine skill with physical abilities.
Athletes come and go.
Athletes come from countries.
Athletes come from eastern countries.
Athletes come from european countries.
Athletes come from other countries.
Athletes come from other eastern european countries.
Athletes come in all shapes, sizes and orientations.
Athletes command astronomical salaries and are heroes to many kids.
Athletes comment over and over again about how helpful and enthusiastic our volunteer race crew is.
Athletes compete according to their classification in the events.
Athletes compete as individuals and as a part of a team.
Athletes compete at age and ability level in a variety of athletic type sports.
Athletes compete at their own ability.
Athletes compete at various skill levels.
Athletes compete for an assortment of prizes.
Athletes compete for conference, regional and national honors.
Athletes compete for height.
Athletes compete for personal glory or for national honor.
Athletes compete in a difficult swim, bike and road race.
Athletes compete in a division determined by their body mass .
Athletes compete in a single-elimination tournament to determine the gold and silver medallists.
Athletes compete in a sitting position while seated on a chair equipped with two skis.
Athletes compete in an effort to challenge themselves and their fellow competitors.
Athletes compete in events such as golf, tennis, track and field, basketball, bowling and swimming.
Athletes compete in individual and team events on regional, state, and international levels.
Athletes compete in reverse order than entry is received.
Athletes compete in shooting, fencing, swimming, riding and running.
Athletes compete in sports.
Athletes compete in team sports.
Athletes compete in the event suited for their age group.
Athletes compete in the scholastic, open or masters divisions.
Athletes compete representing their company.
Athletes compete with the same equipment as able-bodied fencers.
Athletes competing in armed forces events often qualify for international military competitions.
Athletes complain of pain in the achilles tendon with activity.
Athletes concentrate their efforts on the execution of their sport.
Athletes consume calories.
Athletes consume carbohydrate meals.
Athletes consume meals.
Athletes consume proteins.
Athletes contend for medals in international and national competitions including the Olympic Games.
Athletes continue to the medical questionnaire for varsity athletes .
Athletes crash into one another on the playing field.
Athletes deny themselves all sorts of things.
Athletes depicted are trained professionals or skilled amateurs.
Athletes describe a meditative peace arisen from the subtle rhythms of the body's movements.
Athletes describe it as being in the zone.
Athletes develop fitness, skills and learn rules and strategies from their coaches.
Athletes devote enormous time and energy to achieve skill.
Athletes differ from the normal population in a number of ways.
Athletes discipline themselves so they can win a race.
Athletes discover more endurance and energy.
Athletes discover more endurance and strength.
Athletes discuss quasi-political causes in public at their peril.
Athletes display qualities of leadership and help to motivate their peers to do the same.
Athletes display some of the wonderful shows of force that the human body is capable of performing.
Athletes display talent.
Athletes do a complete mental run through of the key elements of their performance.
Athletes do activities.
Athletes do anything from sleeping with their bats to changing their jock straps.
Athletes do as well on supposedly bad days as they do on supposedly peak days.
Athletes do have problems, but that is also a byproduct of society.
Athletes do have some advantages, of course.
Athletes do have special nutrient needs.
Athletes do have to work hard to succeed professionally.
Athletes do indeed, have special sodium requirements.
Athletes do it all the time, and so can business professionals.
Athletes do it because they do what it takes to win.
Athletes do it.
Athletes do make more money than the average people.
Athletes do mental and physical exercises to prepare themselves for the big day.
Athletes do regular workouts.
Athletes do well when they feel the love from the fans.
Athletes do workouts.
Athletes drag their feet along the ground during the throw.
Athletes dress formally in white.
Athletes drink special beverages to replenish the Potassium lost in perspiration.
Athletes drink water.
Athletes earn their money just as honestly as everyone else.
Athletes eat carbohydrates.
Athletes eat diets.
Athletes eat food.
Athletes eat more bananas than most people.
Athletes eat proteins.
Athletes encounter the world with their bodies, with their feet and hands and hearts and lungs.
Athletes enjoy considerable personal time and the freedoms only exorbitant wealth can bring.
Athletes enjoy full stands because it contributes to the excitement of the event.
Athletes enjoy pizza and coke before going to the football games.
Athletes enjoy status in the school.
Athletes enjoy the conpetition.
Athletes enjoy the opening ceremony show.
Athletes enter the league too young and unpolished to develop properly.
Athletes eventually stop seeming famous after a while.
Athletes excel in competition.
Athletes excel when they devote themselves to their chosen sports.
Athletes exercise regularly to increase the blood flowing to their muscles.
Athletes exercise, their energy is depleted, they sweat.
Athletes experience workouts.
Athletes face enormous pressure to excel in competition.
Athletes face the same challenges as anyone, but their lives are on display for all to see.
Athletes fall into a slightly different category than the typical non-exerciser.
Athletes feel effects.
Athletes feel peer pressure and subtle school coach pressure to train year round.
Athletes feel the energy and feed off of it.
Athletes fence each competitor with epee swords during a one-minute time limit.
Athletes fill slots in rank order of ability.
Athletes find an all-around quality program here, complete with winning athletics and academics.
Athletes find food.
Athletes find out very quickly that their desires are similar.
Athletes find solid food.
Athletes first find the zone, then find peak performances.
Athletes focus on strength and conditioning year-round and receive individual attention.
Athletes gain experience in the rigors of winning and losing.
Athletes gain mass.
Athletes gain most from the amount of carbohydrates stored in the body.
Athletes gain muscle mass.
Athletes generally have denser bones than the population at large.
Athletes generally start new exercises at one-half maximum intensities.
Athletes get a free breakfast and lunch.
Athletes get an adrenaline rush when they hear encouragement from fans.
Athletes get an exceptional education, as they play competitive athletic teams.
Athletes get benefits.
Athletes get enough protein in their normal diet to allow for muscle growth.
Athletes get just as many colds as everyone else.
Athletes get old.
Athletes get one point for each rung of the ladder they are able cross.
Athletes get points for the position they finish in each event .
Athletes get points for the position they finish in each event.
Athletes get to where they are by working hard.
Athletes get two race runs down the whitewater slalom course.
Athletes get younger and younger it seems.
Athletes give the fascia a good workout and are especially prone to plantar fasciitis.
Athletes go through a series of drills and some game play.
Athletes go to the hospital in groups of three or four and spend time with the children there.
Athletes graduate from college every year.
Athletes have (part) arms.
Athletes have (part) body substances.
Athletes have (part) cell membranes.
Athletes have (part) cells.
Athletes have (part) corpi.
Athletes have (part) cytoplasm.
Athletes have (part) heads.
Athletes have (part) human bodies.
Athletes have (part) legs.
Athletes have (part) material bodies.
Athletes have (part) necks.
Athletes have (part) nuclei.
Athletes have (part) personality.
Athletes have (part) plasma membranes.
Athletes have (part) sections.
Athletes have (part) vacuoles.
Athletes have a desire to compete.
Athletes have a duty to make restitution for lost or stolen equipment.
Athletes have a great opportunity to gain knowledge from watching the Olympics.
Athletes have a high visibility and a high profile and they are considerably black.
Athletes have a lower lifetime occurrence of breast cancer and cancers of the reproductive system.
Athletes have a responsibility to be true to their fans.
Athletes have a responsibility to the public.
Athletes have a special place in society.
Athletes have additional coverage through an athletic policy at no cost to the student.
Athletes have additional coverage through an athletic policy at no fee to the student.
Athletes have advantage.
Athletes have breaks.
Athletes have coaches, business executives have mentors, and presidents have cabinets.
Athletes have concern.
Athletes have dietary proteins.
Athletes have different massage needs at different times.
Athletes have discovered, caffeine is a stimulant that enhances circulation.
Athletes have have great success.
Athletes have have success.
Athletes have huge egos and no longer listen to their coaches.
Athletes have it all now.
Athletes have it relatively easy.
Athletes have limitations.
Athletes have many constraints on their time.
Athletes have much to teach businesses about the secrets of achieving top performance.
Athletes have no greater protein requirement than the average individual.
Athletes have notice.
Athletes have options determined by their ability and interest.
Athletes have performance advantage.
Athletes have personal coaches and training plans in all of the various event areas.
Athletes have physiological limits.
Athletes have predisposition.
Athletes have prerogative.
Athletes have proteins.
Athletes have success.
Athletes have superior physical ability which can mask health problems.
Athletes have support every step of the way.
Athletes have teams to play on.
Athletes have the best living arrangements on campus.
Athletes have the convenience of services and facilities in one location.
Athletes have the opportunity to advance to state and national senior game competitions.
Athletes have the opportunity to expand their cultural horizons while playing the game they love.
Athletes have the same basic nutritional needs as other healthy people.
Athletes have to be more careful in their actions than any other student.
Athletes have to be sincere when dealing with the fans.
Athletes have to go through the same financial aid process as everyone else.
Athletes have to go very fast to get winded.
Athletes have to keep competition in perspective.
Athletes have to learn to balance their academic, athletic and social lives.
Athletes have to make the effort to start relationships outside of their sport.
Athletes have to realize they are accountable for their actions.
Athletes have to resist certain excessive social behaviour patterns which are accepted as the norm.
Athletes have to take beautiful models on chartered plane trips to Las Vegas.
Athletes have to train almost constantly.
Athletes have to withstand a lot of pain and drain in order to win.
Athletes have two types of strength, functional strength and absolute strength.
Athletes have unlimited access to cold water and can partake after each play, if they wish.
Athletes have very short shelf lives.
Athletes help universities establish a web of donations and alumni that support the school.
Athletes here make up such a small percentage of the real student population.
Athletes here receive a bible teaching as part of their visit.
Athletes hide small bottles containing clean urine samples.
Athletes imagine running the race and breaking the finish-line tape.
Athletes improve iron status.
Athletes improve status.
Athletes include gymnasts.
Athletes include rhythmic gymnasts.
Athletes involve in sports.
Athletes involve in team sports.
Athletes involved in all sports are welcome.
Athletes just dribble a ball down the court and put it in a hoop like atheletes.
Athletes just starting a pool-training program especially covet it.
Athletes know all about the pressures of competition.
Athletes know how much easier it is to play a game on the home court.
Athletes know that fueling the body is as important as training it.
Athletes know that our revolutionary three-inch knitted waistband is the foundation of comfort.
Athletes know that single-minded focus often spells the difference between victory and defeat.
Athletes know that training at altitude can enhance performance at sea levels.
Athletes know the price they have to pay reach their goals.
Athletes know what they're doing.
Athletes know, sport is cruel.
Athletes learn about determination, goal setting, achievement, dedication and commitment.
Athletes learn about nutrition.
Athletes learn breathe patterns.
Athletes learn by watching, listening, and practicing.
Athletes learn commitment and self-discipline as part of a team striving toward a common goal.
Athletes learn patterns.
Athletes learn teamwork while improving their athletic ability.
Athletes learn to challenge, to strive, and to persevere.
Athletes learn to fall, and devotees of the martial arts, and so do dancers and rock climbers.
Athletes learn to win, to lose, to handle pressure and to co-operate.
Athletes leave the Healthy Athletes program with gear they can keep.
Athletes lift weights, chemists think about chemical structure and chemical reactions.
Athletes like to play in new facilities.
Athletes like to talk it up.
Athletes like to use trash talk to distract players from the opposing team.
Athletes lose a main source of their self-esteem and identity when they face a serious injury.
Athletes lose electrolytes.
Athletes lose large quantities of fluids through sweat.
Athletes lose magnesium through sweat and urine.
Athletes lose potassium in sweat in greater amounts during the summer.
Athletes lose salt.
Athletes love to run with a tailwind.
Athletes make effort.
Athletes make great volunteers as they know what the athletes are going through.
Athletes make three shooting stops, shooting four arrows at each.
Athletes may have advantage.
Athletes meet so many writers and remember so few.
Athletes misuse anabolic steroids to increase strength and performance.
Athletes mix in different types of exercise, keeping their muscles and minds fresh.
Athletes move through a series of five adjacent shooting stations.
Athletes need calories.
Athletes need extra fuel.
Athletes need fuel.
Athletes need intake.
Athletes need nutrients.
Athletes need proteins.
Athletes needs to remain healthy in order to train for performance and competition.
Athletes never feel they perform well enough.
Athletes never lose the joy.
Athletes normally have a five-year period to use their four years of eligibility.
Athletes notice a difference within an hour and excel with greater endurance.
Athletes notice how much less than their maximum they usually row at.
Athletes notice that their fatigued muscles recover from exercise more quickly.
Athletes now are so much bigger and faster.
Athletes obtain advice.
Athletes obtain medical advice.
Athletes only do it for a few seconds.
Athletes only have time for one racing team - cross country skiing.
Athletes participate because they want to be there.
Athletes participate in a battery of tests to identify strengths and weaknesses.
Athletes participate in activities.
Athletes participate in competitive sports events on an amateur or professional basis.
Athletes participate in specific weight classifications.
Athletes participate in sports.
Athletes participate programs all year round.
Athletes pay attention.
Athletes pay dividends based on their performance.
Athletes perform better when apparently no conscious thoughts are involved.
Athletes perform constant repetition numbers in decreasing time periods.
Athletes perform each set when their muscles are rested and recovered from the previous one.
Athletes perform increasing repetition numbers over increasing time periods.
Athletes perform two eight-skill routines.
Athletes perform two routines, a compulsory and a voluntary.
Athletes place all their race gear at their bike.
Athletes placing in the top five in each age group and weight class receive medals.
Athletes placing in the top four in each division earn medals.
Athletes play for a particular team.
Athletes play in a world turning at a different rate.
Athletes play sports.
Athletes play their whole careers, hoping, dreaming of that feeling.
Athletes play with controlled speed, where acceleration, agility and power are the main factors.
Athletes pop it before big games, students before tests.
Athletes possess ability.
Athletes possess physical stamina.
Athletes possess superior ability.
Athletes practice a minimum of one time per week each sport season.
Athletes practice perfect motor unit contraction and relaxation sequences at increasing intensities.
Athletes prefer over any other gum.
Athletes prepare for the contest ahead with a mental process called imagery.
Athletes purchase food and prepare meals for the guests at the home using house equipment.
Athletes qualify by reaching the automatic and provisional standards established for each event.
Athletes qualify for the Junior Olympics through association and regional competitions.
Athletes quit working out.
Athletes race a little over a mile through the nearby campground.
Athletes rang in age from their early teens to mid-sixties and represent diverse backgrounds.
Athletes range from recreational to Olympic team members.
Athletes realize the importance of stretching muscles before and after performances.
Athletes receive a Games uniform, medals and more.
Athletes receive exceptional training.
Athletes receive feedback of the results in two ways.
Athletes receive oral screenings and individualized oral hygiene instructions.
Athletes recognize USET as the organization that addresses their needs.
Athletes record their performance to keep track of the effects of various training techniques.
Athletes recovering from injuries face a number of psychological obstacles as well.
Athletes rely on fast food.
Athletes rely on food.
Athletes report muscle cramping.
Athletes report that they have discovered a new edge in their sport.
Athletes represent a special group of people who are keenly aware of their nutritional requirements.
Athletes require about the same amount of dietary protein as non-athletes or a little bit more.
Athletes respond to different coaching techniques.
Athletes respond to encouragement.
Athletes rest and heal between games and during the off-season.
Athletes retire all the time.
Athletes return to action sooner through aggressive treatments.
Athletes risk dehydration because of excessive sweat loss.
Athletes risk physical injury.
Athletes risk stress fractures, blisters, heat exhaustion and other pains to run races.
Athletes routinely remain symptomatic unless they abstain from symptom-producing activities.
Athletes routinely roll into Tampa and leave with numbers listed below their mug shots.
Athletes run first, bike second and run once more.
Athletes run our schools.
Athletes sacrifice a lot, but that helps in life.
Athletes scream obscenities at officials ruling foul behavior.
Athletes see how quickly they can return to enjoying their favorite exercise.
Athletes seek advice.
Athletes seek medical advice.
Athletes serve as role models for children and youth.
Athletes set-up their bike and transition supplies at the bike rack for their age group.
Athletes share stories.
Athletes shoot from a variation of international shooting positions to accommodate the disability.
Athletes show values.
Athletes sigh out gear prior to practice and return it after pratice for laundering.
Athletes sneak away with the cookie, get a slap on the wrist and continue on their merry way.
Athletes spend a great deal of time training.
Athletes spend far more time with the conditioning coach than with the head coach or the assistants.
Athletes spend hours physically practicing to get an edge on the competition.
Athletes spend large amounts of time practicing and competing and they deserve our support.
Athletes spend so much time physically practicing to get an edge on the competition.
Athletes stay with a teammate in a host family's home.
Athletes still get major privileges.
Athletes still have to train and compete.
Athletes strictly discipline themselves.
Athletes strive for a level of achievement and gain a lifelong bond with their teammates.
Athletes study their opponents to find weaknesses and discover ways to counter their strong points.
Athletes take a great deal of pride in what they do.
Athletes take average and above average courses.
Athletes take clenbuterol to bulk up their muscle mass.
Athletes take creatine supplements to boost body mass and increase muscle strength .
Athletes take creatine supplements to gain extra energy, train longer and harder - and bulk up.
Athletes take ginseng to increase both endurance and strength.
Athletes take growth hormones.
Athletes take hormones.
Athletes take human growth hormones.
Athletes take human hormones.
Athletes take it in large doses to enhance their performance.
Athletes take it to improve performance and stamina and some as an immune system strengthener.
Athletes take nutrients.
Athletes take one shot at each of five targets.
Athletes take their competitions very seriously, please respect their careers.
Athletes take up the sport for many reasons.
Athletes taking placebo for steroids improve.
Athletes tend to abuse alcohol.
Athletes tend to be very superstitious.
Athletes tend to have greater bone mass than non-athletes.
Athletes tend to have greater muscle mass and tend to be more dehydrated.
Athletes tend to horde the kegs and girls usually drink the fruity jungle juice.
Athletes tend to specialize in what they are good at.
Athletes tend to think that more is better.
Athletes tend to train in three-week cycles because of their body's natural biorhythms.
Athletes then head towards the chutes and water for the swim start.
Athletes think with their bodies.
Athletes to achieve maximum performance.
Athletes to achieve performance.
Athletes to meet requirements.
Athletes train and compete in track and field, swimming, weightlifting, and boccia.
Athletes train and practice in order to be the best in their sport.
Athletes train best at sea level where there is plenty of oxygen to sustain high intensity workouts.
Athletes train daily.
Athletes train diligently in four-year cycles.
Athletes train during the year for seasonal activities.
Athletes train every day.
Athletes train for a minimum of eight weeks before competing.
Athletes train near their maximum, so they can tell when they recover faster and do more work.
Athletes train on their own time and at their own expense.
Athletes train so they can perform for a longer period of time and at higher intensities.
Athletes train their bodies and prepare the appropriate muscles for their athletic event.
Athletes train to push themselves to new limits.
Athletes train with qualified coaches a minimum of eight weeks prior to competing.
Athletes trigger imitative behavior, especially in young people.
Athletes troop by to watch the videos and trade names and stories.
Athletes typically have higher red blood cell counts, hemoglobin readings, and hematocrits.
Athletes typically stay in quad occupancy rooms with other athletes.
Athletes undergo a complete evaluation to determine their level of function.
Athletes undergo exertion.
Athletes undergo intense exertion.
Athletes undergo intense physical exertion.
Athletes undergo physical exertion.
Athletes understand benefits.
Athletes understand how the game is played.
Athletes understand the consequences from using a drug better than non-athletes.
Athletes understand the importance of visualization and the power of positive thinking.
Athletes undertake at least three formal sessions per week.
Athletes undress in locker rooms.
Athletes use coaches to maximize performance because coaching works.
Athletes use drugs for many reasons.
Athletes use floating for optimal performance, visualization and injury healing.
Athletes use food.
Athletes use ginseng to increase strength and endurance.
Athletes use heads.
Athletes use hGH to increase lean body mass and strength.
Athletes use honey as a concentrated source of energy.
Athletes use imagery to enhance their performance.
Athletes use It for several reasons.
Athletes use it to improve exercise endurance.
Athletes use it to increase muscular vigor, energy and stamina.
Athletes use it to promote stamina and endurance.
Athletes use it.
Athletes use massage so they can perform better and have less chance of injuries.
Athletes use mental exercises to run better.
Athletes use proteins.
Athletes use steroids because they promote muscle growth and they are used by men and women.
Athletes use steroids to enhance their already impressive muscles.
Athletes use steroids.
Athletes use sticks to push a felt disc around the rink.
Athletes use sticks to push a rubber-coated felt doughnut around the rink.
Athletes use the threat to re-negotiate a contract.
Athletes use their legs and hips to generate the power to sprint around the track.
Athletes use wood or fiberglass poles without blades for their sticks.
Athletes using drugs let their sports down.
Athletes using drugs let their teammates down.
Athletes using their good looks and sex appeal to transcend the games they play is nothing new.
Athletes value their personal space.
Athletes vary in body fat depending on their sport.
Athletes view EDs as an essential component for success.
Athletes wear a chip either on their shoe or on an ankle band coded to their bib number.
Athletes wear a soft Velcro, adjustable ankle-band.
Athletes wear a soft-adjustable velcro band around their ankle.
Athletes wear an ankle band coded to their bib number.
Athletes wear it and claim a divine assist to their game.
Athletes wear special boots with high-tech bindings that allow flexibility at the ankle.
Athletes wear sports gear and have a lot of fun.
Athletes wear uniforms.
Athletes will have opportunity.
Athletes wishing to participate interstate can do so without registering in that State.
Athletes work and struggle constantly to achieve a few moments of glory on the playing field.
Athletes work hard to build their muscles and enhance performance.
Athletes work in strange and mysterious ways.
Athletes work on fundamental skills.
Athletes work up to varsity.
Athletes always deny, deny, deny.
Athletes always face the terror of being excommunicated from the group.
Athletes always practice with perfect motor unit contraction and relaxation sequences.
Athletes always show proper respect and sportsmanship.
Athletes frequently divide their creatine use into two phases.
Athletes frequently have such problems.
Athletes frequently wear sports uniforms and letter jackets.
Athletes often abuse anabolic steroids.
Athletes often ask how to improve their results, and reduce their competition times.
Athletes often attribute their losses to bad officiating.
Athletes often choose their college for reasons other than just money or the quality of competition.
Athletes often develop eating disorders.
Athletes often experience separation from families and friends.
Athletes often experience strains in the back or the hamstring.
Athletes often have fertility problems.
Athletes often have greater protein requirement than the average individual.
Athletes often have red auras as it's the colour of physical fitness.
Athletes often invite cynicism with their globetrotting.
Athletes often move to the place where their team is located.
Athletes often perceive their bodies as indestructible and invincible.
Athletes often speak of a game face.
Athletes often strain muscles while exercising.
Athletes often take bee pollen to help increase their strength, endurance, energy and speed.
Athletes often think of it as a torture room.
Athletes often train late into the evening, beyond food service hours.
Athletes often use a technique called guided imagery.
Athletes often use caffeine to enhance workouts.
Athletes often use that defence, but it has only ever been once proved successful.
Athletes often view disordered eating practices as acceptable and deny that they are a problem.
Athletes sometimes feel to stay competitive they have to use steroids.
Athletes sometimes get cramps in their muscles during strenuous activity.
Athletes sometimes take in attempt to stimulate muscle growth.
Athletes usually experiment with oral anabolics at first.
Athletes usually know when they are on the brink of achieving something memorable.
Athletes usually require more calories in their diets than nonathletes.
All athlete are ham actors.
All athletes are eligible to participate.
All athletes are responsible for bringing their own implements to the meet.
All athletes are responsible for entering correctly, according to their age and eligibility.
All athletes are responsible for housing and travel expenses.
All athletes are responsible for reporting injuries to the coach.
All athletes are responsible for the security of their personal property.
All athletes are responsible for their own eligibility.
All athletes are responsible for verifying their eligibility if challenged.
All athletes are subject to a review based on their level of performance over the years.
All athletes are to be properly attired in their club or school uniforms.
All athletes are to be treated equally so that they receive the same quality of care.
All athletes are welcome and are encouraged to attemd board meetings.
All athletes are welcome to enter.
All athletes are welcome to use the lounge area for studying, relaxing, or waiting for busses.
All athletes are welcome.
All athletes compete against other athletes of similar abilities.
All athletes completing in all three races are eligible for special series awards.
All athletes deserve rules they can understand and follow, rules that can be enforced.
All athletes do a Basic strength program that is mostly done to improve posture and trunk stability.
All athletes do.
All athletes experience fewer aches and pains.
All athletes feel tainted by allegations of drug cheating.
All athletes generally gather for the evening events.
All athletes get sore at one time or another.
All athletes have a coach.
All athletes have a good day and a bad day.
All athletes have moments of exhilaration when they feel the power and mastery of their game.
All athletes have their own personal thrills or cherished memories.
All athletes have to have a certain amount of arrogance.
All athletes have to watch their health and nutrition carefully.
All athletes know about the highs and lows of their sport.
All athletes learn that on the playing field, they are part of a much bigger picture.
All athletes lose it at one time.
All athletes make two attempts to get the greatest number of jumps completed.
All athletes receive a T-shirt.
All athletes report injuries to the appropriate people immediately.
All athletes see fewer injuries and experience faster recovery from injury.
All athletes see their training recovery time decrease, allowing a more rigorous schedule.
All athletes share the fluid goal of preventing dehydration.
All athletes train during the regular season.
All athletes vote on the awards.
Any athlete can expect a random blood test.
Any athlete contends with ups and downs.
Any athlete is human.
Any athlete is subject to be tested and at anytime.
Any athlete knows that alcohol has negative effects on performance.
Any athlete knows that winning the competition begins with training.
Any athlete needs to work.
Any athlete turning in a dramatic performance improvement faces the same suspicions.
Every athlete dreams about someday representing their country in the Olympics.
Every athlete exercises self-control in all things.
Every athlete has a different detailed program.
Every athlete has a different genetic potential for developing muscular size and strength.
Every athlete has a ritual before any athletic event.
Every athlete has a signature moment.
Every athlete has a state of mind that facilitates peak performance.
Every athlete has a success story to draw upon for daily motivation.
Every athlete has a unique body and way of moving.
Every athlete has their great times and low times.
Every athlete has to overcome injuries.
Every athlete is a goody two-shoes.
Every athlete is aware of the importance of protein supplementation.
Every athlete is determined to win a medal.
Every athlete is different, and every college coach is different.
Every athlete is different.
Every athlete is like their own fingerprint.
Every athlete is responsible for their own words and actions.
Every athlete is trained differently.
Every athlete knows that the key to a bigger and stronger body depends on protein intake.
Every athlete loves that.
Every athlete needs a jump rope.
Every athlete needs dependable representation.
Every athlete needs to play with emotion.
Every athlete recognizes the importance of fluid intake during both training and competition.
Every athlete wants to be the best in their given sport.
Every athlete wants to have a senior season to remember.
Every athlete wants to improve their skill level in order to compete at the highest possible level.
Every athlete wants to play.
Many athletes agree that playing sports teaches more than just physical skills.
Many athletes also engage in non-purging activities such as fasting and excessive exercise.
Many athletes are able to discard their crutches when they wear ankle boots.
Many athletes are concerned about adequate protein intake.
Many athletes are criminals.
Many athletes are disciplined students who take pride in academics.
Many athletes are more willing to listen to a coach than to their parents.
Many athletes are on strict programs to gain weight.
Many athletes believe magnetic therapy improves performance.
Many athletes believe that drugs are essential for optimum performance.
Many athletes believe the myth that speed is a gift they're either born with or without.
Many athletes can benefit from what dr.
Many athletes change to high-top leather sneakers for some additional support.
Many athletes choose bowling because it is a sport people enjoy for leisure as well as competition.
Many athletes claim to have had competitive success by using visualization.
Many athletes come into camp with too much adipose tissue.
Many athletes come to love the program, often finding inspiration in their own lives.
Many athletes competing in professional sports, and even in the Olympics, have asthma.
Many athletes contend they unknowingly ingested nandrolone through food supplements.
Many athletes develop diarrhea after running.
Many athletes directly challenge attempts to stop hazing.
Many athletes dissolve creatine in a warm beverage like tea.
Many athletes don t get any financial aid because of their family s earnings.
Many athletes eat perogies for carbo-loading.
Many athletes eat the same foods every day, day after day, week after week, year after year.
Many athletes eat to pass the time.
Many athletes enjoy using before practice, competition or during yoga.
Many athletes experience a certain exhaustion after a few laps.
Many athletes experience a high anxiety state during competition.
Many athletes feel androstene improves their workouts and like using it.
Many athletes feel that fat intake is the culprit to unwanted weight gain.
Many athletes feel that they are being treated as professionals rather than the amateurs they are.
Many athletes find pumps are better than injections for dealing with exercise.
Many athletes go on to play sports for the most competitive colleges in the country.
Many athletes go to extremes to avoid fat in their diets.
Many athletes have a confused relationship with salt.
Many athletes have a special food that they believe does the trick in enhancing performance.
Many athletes have a unique competitive edge when it comes to sports.
Many athletes have no clue who they are outside of their sport.
Many athletes have some physical problems.
Many athletes have their own web sites.
Many athletes have, and others express themselves through, haircuts, or lack thereof.
Many athletes live within strict social and dietary guidelines.
Many athletes make it a part of their workout program after regaining full health.
Many athletes make the mistake of loading up on sugar before intense exercise.
Many athletes make their money by endorsements and wanting more money.
Many athletes now maintain sites bearing their own name.
Many athletes now use the shots, which are easier to get down.
Many athletes only know how to or only enjoy recreating with sports.
Many athletes prefer sports bars, sports drinks, or gels, since they're so convenient.
Many athletes promote awareness of diseases.
Many athletes quit fights moaning.
Many athletes receive training in the technique of positive visualization.
Many athletes relax that foot and drive solely off of the front leg.
Many athletes say that there is nothing so satisfying as a cool brew after a hard workout.
Many athletes seem to feel if a little is good, more is better.
Many athletes select a sport based on what they enjoy doing and what they are good at.
Many athletes spend even more on personal trainers.
Many athletes strive to be extremely light and lean and are constantly dieting.
Many athletes suffer mild panic attacks when they are about to perform.
Many athletes take maca for peak performance.
Many athletes take their status and their paychecks for granted.
Many athletes think the cure for a poor race is to train harder and harder.
Many athletes think the extra electrolytes and sugar in sport drinks provide an edge in competition.
Many athletes thrive in the spotlight New York provides.
Many athletes try to come back from retirement.
Many athletes turn to steroids more often because they're cheaper then marijuana or cocaine.
Many athletes understand that they are role models to thousands of children.
Many athletes use bee pollen as an endurance food with amazing results.
Many athletes use hypnosis in one form or another to heighten their performance.
Many athletes use it, as it is said to enhance performance.
Many athletes use jump rope training to build agility, stamina and quickness.
Many athletes use protein supplementation with the expectation that it is an ergogenic aid.
Many athletes use the off-season to let nagging injuries heal.
Many athletes use visualization.
Many athletes utilize visioning to improve their performance.
Many athletes view a lack of a menstrual period as adequate training.
Many athletes wear the logo as a symbol of good luck.
Many athletes wonder why it's inappropriate to drink.
More athletes are from single-parent families.
More athletes mean more dollars to cover operating costs.
More athletes mean more volunteers.
Most athletes usually turn to commercial replacement drinks.
Most athletes add mass.
Most athletes already compete in a state of dehydration.
Most athletes are at a disadvantage against the greats.
Most athletes are concerned with the effects of aging on their own abilities to perform and compete.
Most athletes are goal-oriented.
Most athletes are modest and won t submit themselves.
Most athletes are very honest.
Most athletes become heros.
Most athletes begin careers.
Most athletes begin professional careers.
Most athletes can return to their chosen sport.
Most athletes come from countries.
Most athletes come from eastern countries.
Most athletes come from european countries.
Most athletes come from other countries.
Most athletes come from other eastern european countries.
Most athletes compete in sports.
Most athletes compete in team sports.
Most athletes consider themselves immortal.
Most athletes consume calories.
Most athletes continue to run after graduation.
Most athletes cool down, drive home, shower, and then wait for the next meal to ingest carbohydrate.
Most athletes demonstrate a high amount of respect and trust towards their coaches.
Most athletes display talent.
Most athletes do activities.
Most athletes do regular workouts.
Most athletes do workouts.
Most athletes drink water.
Most athletes eat carbohydrates.
Most athletes eat diets.
Most athletes eat food.
Most athletes eat proteins.
Most athletes eventually experience joint injury.
Most athletes expect to play injured because the injuries are orthopedic.
Most athletes feel effects.
Most athletes find food.
Most athletes find solid food.
Most athletes gain mass.
Most athletes gain muscle mass.
Most athletes get benefits.
Most athletes get enough protein in their diet.
Most athletes get to spend very little time speaking to their fans during training.
Most athletes go to a gym when they want to train.
Most athletes have advantage.
Most athletes have an array of tips, tricks and charms that they feel improves their performance.
Most athletes have concern.
Most athletes have dietary proteins.
Most athletes have egos.
Most athletes have enough motivation to drive themselves to train hard day after day.
Most athletes have limitations.
Most athletes have performance advantage.
Most athletes have predisposition.
Most athletes have proteins.
Most athletes have success.
Most athletes have that opportunity.
Most athletes have that.
Most athletes have the same basic fueling needs before a track meet starts.
Most athletes have to bear training expenses themselves.
Most athletes have to suffer for only a short period of time.
Most athletes improve iron status.
Most athletes improve status.
Most athletes involve in sports.
Most athletes involve in team sports.
Most athletes know how to stay well hydrated.
Most athletes learn about nutrition.
Most athletes learn breathe patterns.
Most athletes learn patterns.
Most athletes look forward to a taper as a break from the rigors of intense training.
Most athletes lose electrolytes.
Most athletes lose salt.
Most athletes make effort.
Most athletes make millions of dollars to play just a few months a year.
Most athletes obtain advice.
Most athletes obtain medical advice.
Most athletes opt out before they reach goal.
Most athletes participate in activities.
Most athletes participate in sports.
Most athletes pay attention.
Most athletes perform better at home than they do on the road.
Most athletes play sports.
Most athletes possess ability.
Most athletes possess superior ability.
Most athletes rely on fast food.
Most athletes rely on food.
Most athletes seek advice.
Most athletes seek medical advice.
Most athletes show values.
Most athletes spend their formative years training and preparing for their careers.
Most athletes take growth hormones.
Most athletes take hormones.
Most athletes take human growth hormones.
Most athletes take human hormones.
Most athletes take nutrients.
Most athletes think that the hard days are the most important.
Most athletes train severely one day and have one or two days of easy training to recover.
Most athletes travel by bus, on a road barely wide enough to accommodate a passing cyclist.
Most athletes try to follow a particular training plan in order to achieve personal goals.
Most athletes try to train with winning in mind.
Most athletes undergo exertion.
Most athletes undergo intense exertion.
Most athletes undergo intense physical exertion.
Most athletes undergo physical exertion.
Most athletes understand benefits.
Most athletes use a heart rate monitor to accurately measure their heart rate when training.
Most athletes use food.
Most athletes use heads.
Most athletes use heart rate to gauge their effort.
Most athletes use proteins.
Most athletes use some kind of apparatus to enhance their training.
Most athletes use steroids.
Most athletes wear uniforms.
Most athletes work on improving strength pre-season, and then add plyometrics.
Some athletes abuse anabolic steroids to enhance performance.
Some athletes add a bit of sugar and a bit of salt to their water.
Some athletes allow rivalries to become distractions.
Some athletes already try to communicate mainly from their sites.
Some athletes also have physical disabilities.
Some athletes also take drugs and human growth hormones.
Some athletes are affected by cardiovascular diseases.
Some athletes are affected by diseases.
Some athletes are afraid of the cholesterol in red meats.
Some athletes are also at risk.
Some athletes are an immediate success at what they do.
Some athletes are at their best signing autographs when the cameras are rolling.
Some athletes are better in a venue.
Some athletes are fearful of that.
Some athletes are just plain hard to please.
Some athletes are marginal students at best.
Some athletes are old-fashioned and stick to what previous legendary athletes and coaches did.
Some athletes are parents themselves by the time they arrive on campus.
Some athletes are quiet by nature, preferring to let their actions do their talking.
Some athletes avoid meats before competing, fearing digestion problems.
Some athletes become injuries.
Some athletes begin media training while still in school.
Some athletes believe that anabolic steroids increase lean muscle mass, strength and endurance.
Some athletes call it the zone.
Some athletes can actually buy their own franchises.
Some athletes can lose pounds easier and faster than others.
Some athletes can travel half the court with two pushes.
Some athletes carry a dread of winning because it means that they are superior to others.
Some athletes claim that bee pollen supplements improve their athletic performance.
Some athletes clear more quickly and can go back in to play.
Some athletes come here with no shoes.
Some athletes crave diets.
Some athletes create their own cause and run with it.
Some athletes die in sports.
Some athletes die of attacks.
Some athletes die of heart attacks.
Some athletes do better academically than students with more time on their hands.
Some athletes do better under the pressure of pre-competition anxiety, others thrive when relaxed.
Some athletes do receive massages but they do that on an individual basis.
Some athletes do use it, of course - and it's killed a few, too.
Some athletes do well at their sport but that's about as far as their good example goes.
Some athletes downplay injuries to avoid being benched.
Some athletes drink alcohol.
Some athletes drink fluid.
Some athletes drink large quantities of water hoping to avoid such effects.
Some athletes engage in events.
Some athletes engage in sprint events.
Some athletes excel because of natural talent whereas others excel because of hard work.
Some athletes excel individually, while others make their marks as part of a successful collective.
Some athletes exhibit maturation.
Some athletes feel a tremendous amount of energy, right away.
Some athletes feel completely dissatisfied with the support from the school towards their sport.
Some athletes feel that the requirements are already being met.
Some athletes fight the image building process.
Some athletes fight the image-building process.
Some athletes find being in unfamiliar surroundings very disruptive to their training.
Some athletes find it helpful to weigh themselves both before and after a workout.
Some athletes find it very difficult to play a sport and keep up their grades.
Some athletes find retirement so difficult they keep doing it until they get it right.
Some athletes follow a particular diet a week before the marathon.
Some athletes get plenty.
Some athletes get so excited before an event that it interferes with digestion.
Some athletes grow indignant.
Some athletes have a nervous stomach and find it hard to eat anything before competing.
Some athletes have a restless night of sleep before a race because of anxiety or anticipation.
Some athletes have abnormalities.
Some athletes have alcohol.
Some athletes have enough fuel.
Some athletes have fuel.
Some athletes have heart abnormalities.
Some athletes have higher amino acids requirements.
Some athletes have perspective.
Some athletes have problems with milk, eggs, apple and orange juice and apples.
Some athletes have ritual foods they consume for good luck.
Some athletes have vocabularies that are unique.
Some athletes help coaches.
Some athletes help skills.
Some athletes improve skills.
Some athletes induce the refractory period by warming up adequately prior to competition.
Some athletes just have a knack for coming up with the big play in crucial situations.
Some athletes know best results.
Some athletes know kings.
Some athletes know results.
Some athletes like to do the mental image exercise in the morning and evening.
Some athletes like to introduce a variety of stages of intensification during a competition.
Some athletes live to hoist a trophy or spray champagne.
Some athletes lose brothers.
Some athletes lose more salt in their sweat and urine than others.
Some athletes lose three to five liters of water a day.
Some athletes make diets.
Some athletes move forward while running in the water and actually do laps during their workouts.
Some athletes never do that.
Some athletes perform gymnastics.
Some athletes play more than one sport at a time and carry a full academic load.
Some athletes play to block out parental hurt.
Some athletes play to live out the dreams of their parents.
Some athletes play to prove they are grown.
Some athletes play to show up their Dads.
Some athletes prefer to achieve some of the loosening by way of calisthenics and stretching on deck.
Some athletes prefer to use a brace on their return to play.
Some athletes prefer to use several types of ginseng at once.
Some athletes promote products.
Some athletes purposely divert their attention in order to instill relaxation.
Some athletes pursue sports as a way to win and keep friends.
Some athletes qualify for special pricing on ski equipment purchased directly from the manufacturer.
Some athletes report increased results when taking vanadyl sulfate with creatine.
Some athletes resort to ingenious methods to get round the rules.
Some athletes retire because of their injuries.
Some athletes say they feel immortal.
Some athletes see reductions.
Some athletes sit on benches.
Some athletes spiral into a true psychological disorder whereby body image is distorted.
Some athletes start picking up media experience while still competing.
Some athletes still play for the love of the game.
Some athletes suffer from conditions.
Some athletes swear by it.
Some athletes take carnitine to improve performance.
Some athletes take creatine to improve strength and endurance.
Some athletes take drugs to improve performance.
Some athletes take salt tablets to replace the sodium the body secretes when it sweats.
Some athletes take testosterone.
Some athletes talk about being in the zone.
Some athletes tend to overdo on protein, while others barely meet their needs.
Some athletes think they are better than they are.
Some athletes train full time, while others work part time to support themselves.
Some athletes transcend sports.
Some athletes try to continue training a body part after it is injured.
Some athletes turn a negative into another negative.
Some athletes turn their pain into a weapon.
Some athletes turn to a powdered supplement for fast results.
Some athletes use combinations of drugs and other substances to avoid detection.
Some athletes use drugs.
Some athletes use floatation tanks to provide relaxation and sensory deprivation.
Some athletes use regular sessions as a means of increasing their stamina.
Some athletes use steroids to add muscle or to improve sports performance.
Some athletes use tricks.
Some athletes use wheelchairs and walkers.
Some athletes walk it off.
Some athletes wear bright orange jerseys reading 'blind skier' in bold black print.
Some athletes wear patches.
Some athletes wear personal armour such as helmets or American football body armour.
Some athletes work with fitness trainers.
Some athletes work with trainers.
Athletes foot can be hard to cure.
Athletes foot is a common name given to a fungus infection of the skin between the toes.
Athletes foot is very common with patients who suffer from hyperhidrosis.
Athletic abilities are the underlying parameters of being a skillful athlete.
Athletic ability appears to run in the family.
Athletic ability has absolutely no weight in determining financial assistance.
Athletic ability increases the longer the child takes lessons.
Athletic ability is very similar.
Athletic accomplishments enhanced by drugs are less admirable.
Athletic achievements point toward goal-directedness and a familiarity with sacrifice.
Athletic activities are a vital and strong part of the complete school program.
Athletic activities are cultural activities.
Athletic activities are student-organized and enthusiastically supported.
Athletic activity is generally a very good thing.
Any athletic activity has the potential for severe injury.
Many athletic activities are available on campus.
Athletic amenorrhea is caused by endurance training.
Athletic analogies help viewers visualise and remember the Power Position for use in any situation.
Athletic attire is required.
Athletic awards are also available for continuing students participating on an intercollegiate team.
Athletic awards are available to students participating in intercollegiate sports.
Athletic awards are awards.
Athletic awards are contingent upon the requirements and standards of that office.
All athletic awards are school property.
Some athletic camps use the courts for their program, making availability limited.
Athletic chefs dish out palatable alternatives to energy drinks, bars, and gels.
Athletic children have high energy and carbohydrate requirements.
Athletic clothing is required during sports practices.
Athletic clothing is worn in public only when the wearer is obviously engaged in athletic activity.
All athletic clothing is fine, as long as every player in a team wears the same colour.
Athletic clubs build athletes, and schools build scholars.
Athletic coaches are out to win.
Athletic coaches are.
Athletic colors are forest green and white.
Athletic colors are red and black.
Athletic competition builds character in our boys.
Athletic competition contains much of the drama of life-in many respects, it is a microcosm of life.
Athletic competition encourages cooperation, teamwork, dedication, self-sacrifice and commitment.
Athletic competition has the ability to both display and develop character.
Athletic competition is a contest
Athletic competition is a part of every cadet's life.
Athletic competition is an unpredictable way for either sex to earn a living.
Athletic competition is intrinsically good as it develops and preserves the body.
Athletic competition is offered for both boys and girls.
Athletic competition offers a definitiveness that eludes most other aspects of life.
Athletic competition offers a definitiveness that eludes most other aspects of our life.
Athletic competitions are only a part of the festivities.
Many athletic conferences have specific rules regarding competition following a bleeding incident.
Athletic coordination depends upon the proper use of the joints.
Athletic costs continue to grow.
Athletic cups are important for men, and breast protectors are essential for women.
Athletic demands are minimal, as the driver usually stays on flat paths or roads.
Athletic department begins meeting victims' families.
Athletic department gets priority.
Athletic departments commit the resources and expect teams to perform at a very high level.
Athletic departments promote individual physical fitness and recreation for life.
Athletic departments rake in millions of dollars on the backs of student-athletes.
Athletic directors are a one- man search committee.
Athletic directors get raises and hotel suites and lobster dinners on the road to the Final Four.
Athletic directors like to use Schedule Star in different ways.
Athletic directors suffer visions of grandiosity.
Athletic equipment is available from the athletic department for student use.
Athletic equipment is provided for use in the facility.
All athletic equipment is available in our office.
Some athletic equipment is available for check-out.
Athletic events are also a popular attraction.
Athletic events are perfect for practicing to follow the subject in the viewfinder.
Athletic events involving motion at high speed pay particular attention to reducing air resistance.
Athletic events provide entertainment and opportunity for socialization.
All athletic events are open to the public.
Every athletic event includes some form of movement.
Most athletic events are free to the public, as are some concerts and plays.
Most athletic events are open to the public free of charge.
Athletic excellence can be, and is, achieved by millions without reliance on dangerous drugs.
Athletic experiences are no exception.
An athletic facility is a facility
Athletic facilities are also open to all participants.
Athletic facilities are available at both campuses.
Athletic facilities are available for all students' use during non-scheduled classes or activities.
Athletic facilities are available for intramural sports and recreational activities.
Athletic facilities are available to students at all locations.
Athletic facilities are facilities.
Athletic facilities are inadequate.
Athletic facilities are literally next door.
Athletic facilities are often nothing more than a basketball hoop.
Athletic facilities are open for cadet use during the day.
Athletic facilities are open to students when school is in session.
All athletic facilities are also available to students for recreational use on a scheduled basis.
Some athletic feats are so mind boggling that it's hard to actually understand their significance.
An athletic field is a tract
Athletic fields are areas that are used for organized sporting events and practices.
Athletic fields are around back.
Athletic fields are available for official league use by permit only.
Athletic fields are for official league use-by permit only.
Athletic fields are often prime targets of rust attack because of lower maintenance and compaction.
Athletic fields surround the school.
Athletic fields tend to be underfed.
Athletic footwear is required.
An athletic game is a game
An athletic game is a sport
Athletic games are often so close that they are decided in the last few seconds of play.
Athletic games schedule A welcome to our parents . . .
Athletic garb is a solid winner, too.
Athletic girls lack female role models.
Athletic goal includes being on a winning team . . .
Athletic goal is to win some softball games . . .
Athletic goals are to maintain physical fitness, have fun, and do well in everything . . .
Athletic goals are to win more games than last year .
Athletic grants are available to selected participants in intercollegiate sports.
Athletic individuals are also in a great position to beat all odds associated with aging.
Athletic information is also available about the various colleges.
Athletic injuries are primarily due to overuse.
Athletic injuries cause setbacks in training and downtime during the season.
Most athletic injuries result from poor conditioning and little or no warm-up prior to an activity.
Athletic insurance is required of the student-athlete at the first practice.
Athletic kits are also available for reservation.
Athletic news can include home games and items worthy of a news release to the media.
Athletic opportunities are available as well.
Athletic opportunities are open to all students.
Athletic Park has a baseball field and restrooms.
Athletic participation can also help students grow physically, mentally, socially, and emotionally.
Athletic participation is an integral part of their holistic education.
Athletic participation is considered an important facet of our total approach to education.
Athletic participation is open to seventh and eighth grade students only.
Athletic people are especially attractive.
Athletic performance is just part of the equine-suitability equation.
Athletic performance is more than a game, it can be a basis for a productive and happy life.
Athletic performance is reduced by cutting down severely on daily calories.
Athletic performance is reduced on a low-CHO diet.
Athletic performance tends to fluctuate dramatically.
All athletic performance is ultimately dependent on adaptation.
Athletic potential is determined in part by two very significant factors- power and endurance.
Athletic programs abound for our younger residents.
Athletic programs are one of the few rallying points for people of all ages and all backgrounds.
Athletic programs meet the needs and interests of most students.
Athletic programs provided include track and field, softball and much more.
All athletic programs offer summer camps and leagues.
Most athletic programs serving the Chester area use the park during their seasons.
Most athletic programs take on the same outlook as the institution that they represent.
Athletic recruits graduate at higher rates than the normal student population.
Athletic recruits lower the means, perhaps considerably according to anecdotal evidence.
Athletic reforms sic.
Athletic schedules are available at the gym office.
Athletic schedules are online.
All athletic schedules are subject to change.
Athletic scholarships are also available.
Athletic scholarships are available and can range up to full tuition.
Athletic scholarships are available as a recruitment tool.
Athletic scholarships are available at the discretion of the coach.
Athletic scholarships are available for both men and women.
Athletic scholarships are available for student athletes playing men's and women's basketball.
Athletic scholarships are available for students participating in intercollegiate sports.
Athletic scholarships are available for students who participate in intercollegiate sports.
Athletic scholarships are available in certain sports for both men and women.
Athletic scholarships are available in mens and womens sports.
Athletic scholarships are available to exceptional athletes in their sports.
Athletic scholarships are available to international first-year and transfer students.
Athletic scholarships are available to students participating in intercollegiate sports.
Athletic scholarships are available to students participating in various intercollegiate sports.
Athletic scholarships are available to students who participate in intercollegiate sports.
Athletic scholarships are available.
Athletic scholarships are often their only hope of attending college.
Athletic scholarships are rare, recruiting unheard of.
Athletic scholarships are renewable one-year deals.
Athletic scholarships are tax free if they meet the requirements discussed above.
Athletic scholarships pay for the education that the athelete recieves.
Athletic scholarships present a challenge.
Athletic schools go to elementary schools and junior high schools to select students.
Athletic sex refers to extremely vigorous sex involving penetration of some kind.
Athletic shoes are a billion-dollar business.
Athletic shoes are acceptable if they are clean and very white.
Athletic shoes are appropriate.
Athletic shoes are heavily advertised, and are often sold in separate specialty stores.
Athletic shoes are optional.
Athletic shoes are permissible.
Athletic shoes are relatively inexpensive and have excellent support.
Athletic shoes are shoes like running, cross trainers or basketball type.
Athletic shoes are the best choice for school activities.
Athletic shoes diversify and gain popularity.
Athletic shoes inspire trend They transcend the gender gap and have gone from geek to chic.
Athletic shoes protect the feet from the stresses of a given sport.
Athletic shoes protect the feet from the stresses of the sport for which they are designed.
Athletic shoes provide good balance and support.
Any athletic shoes designed to provide lateral and medial stability and support are acceptable.
Many athletic shoes look the same on both sides.
Athletic skills are multijoint movements occurring in a certain order, called a kinetic chain.
Some athletic snobbery is invisible to playground aides, so kids keep getting away with it.
An athletic sock is a sock
Athletic socks are almost as important as shoes.
Athletic socks indicate the jock.
Athletic standards are high and the level of competition is intense.
Athletic success helps, too.
Athletic success tends to be exciting and people want to participate.
An athletic supporter is a clothing
Athletic supporter protects male players who participate in contact sports.
Athletic supporters are sports equipment.
Athletic supporters help to protect male players who participate in contact and collision sports.
Athletic surfers ride into the shore.
Athletic systems get in trouble when students cease to be students.
Athletic talent can make the difficult catch.
Athletic talent is the resource that provides a means to an end for some individuals. . . .
Athletic talent is transient.
Athletic tape can also be a problem for people allergic to formaldehyde resins.
Athletic teams are able to augment their strength and conditioning training using the equipment.
Athletic teams are nicknamed the Broncs.
Athletic teams bring our students together and are a great source of school pride.
Athletic teams compete against both public and Christian schools.
Athletic teams compete in field races.
Athletic teams compete in league football, basketball, volleyball, and track.
Athletic teams compete with the nation's best small colleges.
Athletic teams exist for many sports, and regional competitions are held year round.
Athletic teams get a new look.
Athletic teams have numerous opportunities occur to model a Christian lifestyle.
Athletic teams participate in various programs.
Athletic teams train five days a week in addition to the competition schedule.
Athletic teams travel by automobiles, college vans, commercial bus, or air transportation.
Athletic teams value academic success as well as sports victories.
All athletic teams have owners.
All athletic teams practice and compete outside of the school day.
Athletic tournaments start and finish regularly with the semester calendar.
Athletic trainers are available upon request to provide educational programs.
Athletic trainers are much better trained and more specialized.
Athletic trainers are on duty at all times.
Athletic trainers are on duty to administer to minor injuries or sickness.
Athletic trainers are on duty to administer to minor medical problems or sickness.
Athletic trainers are real important to any athlete, regardless of which sport they play.
Athletic trainers are workers.
Athletic trainers carry out rehabilitation programs for injured athletes.
Athletic trainers deal with the prevention, treatment, and rehabilitation of athletic injuries.
Athletic trainers have few opportunities in professional sports due to the limited number of teams.
Athletic trainers have the best seats in the house at sporting events.
Athletic trainers help athletes get in shape and stay fit so they can compete in sports.
Athletic trainers look for muscle imbalance and loose joints.
Athletic trainers provide care and coverage for all student-athletes in the program.
Athletic trainers provide medical support and expert health care for physically active individuals.
Athletic trainers provide quality health care, and educate athletes in prevention of injuries.
Athletic trainers see that players are physically prepared to withstand the stresses of competition.
Athletic trainers staff all practices and contests.
Athletic trainers test varsity athletes for fitness and prescribe conditioning programs.
Athletic trainers travel with the tours and provide consistent care.
Athletic trainers work with both professional and amateur athletes.
Athletic trainers work with clients in preparation for, or participation in, sports activities.
Many athletic trainers have at least a master's degree.
Most athletic trainers work full time.
Some athletic trainers meet with a team physician or consulting physician regularly.
Some athletic trainers work with military, with law enforcement, or with performing artists.
An athletic training is a training
Athletic training are training.
Athletic training can be a very rewarding career, but it does have some negative aspects.
Athletic training consists mainly of preventing injuries.
Athletic training is a full-time profession.
Athletic training is a ministry.
Athletic training is a profession devoted to the health care of the physically active.
Athletic training is a real life illustration of the way the Christian life is to be lived.
Athletic training is a screened major.
Athletic training is a very exciting, rewarding and demanding field.
Athletic training is about serving, and therefore a wonderful tool for ministry.
Athletic training is an allied health profession.
Athletic training is an exciting new field that many students are now pursuing.
Athletic training produces somewhat more damage.
Athletic training sounds more interesting.
Most athletic training is based on bodybuilding and weight training principles.
Athletic trunks are inappropriate for classes, dining, or as public campus wear.
Athletic women display a disproportionately high prevalence of amenorrhea.
Athletic women have fewer fibroids than non-athletes.
Athleticism also abounds in the offensive and defensive backfields.
Athleticism is a big key to being a strong goaltender.
Athleticism is a nice thing to have.
Athleticism is a vital attribute for actors.
Athleticism is better than average and gets off the floor well.
Athleticism is energy
Athleticism is energy.
Athleticism is fine.
Athleticism is inherited.
Athleticism is invaluable when it come to learning about movement.
Athleticism plays a more important part than previously with the inside players.
Athleticism plays a more important part than previously, on the inside players.
Athleticism runs in the family.
Athletics programs strengthen young minds and bodies while promoting team-building skills.
Athwartships tune involves making the mast straight sideways and minimizing lean to leeward.
Atipical hyperplasia is the term used for the change in a benign lump.
ATIS information is accurate, understandable and timely.
Atitlan coffee has a bright acidity which brings zest and sparkle to blends.
Atitlan coffee is said to have a bright acidity which brings zest and sparkle to blends.
Atlanfish supplies crab, mackerel, oysters and mussels to both local and foreign European markets.
Atlantic basins have seasonal variability.
Atlantic basins have variability.
Most atlantic basins have seasonal variability.
Most atlantic basins have variability.
Atlantic beaches are a short drive from campus as well.
Atlantic beaches are an easy hour drive from the main campus.
Atlantic beaches perfect for body surfing.
Atlantic birds have life.
Most atlantic birds have life.
Atlantic bluefin tuna reaches reproductive maturity.
Atlantic bluefin are among the biggest, fastest, and widest-ranging animals on the planet.
Atlantic bonito are dark bluish above, shading to silvery below.
Atlantic bottlenose dolphins have shape teeth.
Atlantic bottlenose dolphins have teeth.
Atlantic bottlenose dolphins hold breaths.
Atlantic coast offers huge sand beaches spread between cliffs.
Atlantic coastlines fit together like a jig-saw puzzle.
Atlantic coastlines have harbors.
Most atlantic coastlines have harbors.
Atlantic cod are a shoaling species and move in large, size-structured aggregations.
Atlantic cod are apex predators and adults are generally free from the concerns of predation .
Atlantic cod are omnivorous, feeding at dawn or dusk on a variety of invertebrates and fish.
Atlantic cod grow at different rates in different areas.
Atlantic cod has a wide distribution on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean.
Atlantic cod have a light-colored belly and a long, light, lateral band along their body.
Atlantic cod is an important food fish in both Europe and North America.
Atlantic cod tend to move in schools, and some groups of cod show extensive migrations.
Atlantic cods are cods.
Atlantic cods are fish.
Atlantic cods have heads.
Atlantic cods live in habitats.
Most atlantic cods have heads.
Most atlantic cods live in habitats.
Some atlantic cods have distribution.
Atlantic croakers are the loudest of the drums.
Some atlantic hagfishes have ability.
Atlantic halibut are susceptible to vibriosis but vaccines are available.
Atlantic history is an emerging field that is being shaped by the efforts of young historians.
Atlantic leatherbacks are slightly larger than the Pacific population.
Atlantic loggerheads travel long distances along the coast, but move to the open ocean to sleep.
Atlantic mackerel are fattest in the fall.
Atlantic mackerel are iridescent blue green above with a silvery white underbelly.
Atlantic mackerel have soft, dark flesh and a strong, characteristic flavor.
Atlantic mackerel is a full flavored fish with a higher fat content than most other types of fish.
Most Atlantic mackerel are sexually mature by the age of three years.
Atlantic maps are available now.
Atlantic markets secure personal, corporate and anonymous banking resources.
Atlantic menhaden are an ecologically critical fish species.
Atlantic menhaden have a laterally compressed body.
Atlantic premiers get when they leave their province.
Atlantic puffins are a popular seabird that can be encountered only on islands off the Maine coast.
Atlantic puffins are also excellent fliers.
Atlantic puffins are common throughout the north Atlantic.
Atlantic puffins are puffins.
Atlantic puffins have bills.
Atlantic puffins have the ability to carry several fish in their beaks at one time.
Atlantic puffins live in colonies.
Atlantic puffins live in puffin colonies.
Atlantic puffins weigh about one pound and stand one foot tall.
Most atlantic puffins have bills.
Most atlantic puffins live in colonies.
Most atlantic puffins live in puffin colonies.
Some atlantic puffins have direct flight.
Some atlantic puffins have flight.
Some atlantic puffins have penguins.
Atlantic rollers pound a band of pale sand.
Atlantic sailors have simply to double all the quantities of their experience.
Atlantic salmon approach critically low levels .
Atlantic salmon are a limited resource.
Atlantic salmon are a national birthright.
Atlantic salmon are among the most acrobatic of all gamefish.
Atlantic salmon are anadromous and have a complex life history.
Atlantic salmon are anadromous.
Atlantic salmon are another anadromous species.
Atlantic salmon are even worse off than their Pacific cousins.
Atlantic salmon are famous for their ability to buck the current.
Atlantic salmon are fish.
Atlantic salmon are part of atlantic salmon.
Atlantic salmon are salmon.
Atlantic salmon are susceptible to numerous bacterial, viral, and fungal diseases.
Atlantic salmon have silvery to yellowish brown sides with dark spots.
Atlantic salmon inhabit coastal water on both sides of the North Atlantic.
