Most strategies encourage rapid expansion.
Most strategies encourage rapid population expansion.
Most strategies ensure survival.
Most strategies evolve over time.
Most strategies evolve over years.
Most strategies focus on appreciation.
Most strategies focus on capital appreciation.
Most strategies focus on clusters of descriptor terms.
Most strategies focus on likelihood.
Most strategies follow approaches.
Most strategies guide actions.
Most strategies guide crucial decisions.
Most strategies guide decisions.
Most strategies have advantage.
Most strategies have aspects.
Most strategies have consequences.
Most strategies have effects.
Most strategies have indirect effects.
Most strategies have limitations.
Most strategies have potential.
Most strategies have properties.
Most strategies help decisions.
Most strategies identify numbers.
Most strategies increase chances.
Most strategies involve components.
Most strategies involve exploitation.
Most strategies involve implement several different responses.
Most strategies involve responses.
Most strategies involve selections.
Most strategies lead to advancement.
Most strategies lead to medical advancement.
Most strategies make senses.
Most strategies observe in mammals.
Most strategies promote follicle growth.
Most strategies promote growth.
Most strategies promote production.
Most strategies promote rice production.
Most strategies propose manipulation.
Most strategies provide frameworks.
Most strategies reflect evidence.
Most strategies reflect factors.
Most strategies require cooperation.
Most strategies require information.
Most strategies require knowledge.
Most strategies show a rapid and continual decline in percentage of bushes remaining.
Most strategies show use.
Most strategies support goals.
Most strategies support term goals.
Most strategies take advantage.
Most strategies use management techniques.
Most strategies use methods.
Most strategies use modern management techniques.
Most strategies use modern techniques.
Most strategies use techniques.
Most strategies utilize knowledge.
Most strategies yield dramatic results.
Most strategies yield results.
Some strategies add benefits.
Some strategies apply to trials.
Some strategies are aggressive and even speculative.
Some strategies are as simple as putting together a collection of index funds.
Some strategies are blends of all four.
Some strategies are conservative and some are down right speculative.
Some strategies are effective, while others are confusing.
Some strategies are employed by animals.
Some strategies are employed by blackbucks.
Some strategies are employed by group members.
Some strategies are employed by members.
Some strategies are evident only by allusion or by reading between the lines.
Some strategies are ineffective in protecting portfolios during a disaster.
Some strategies are more creative than others.
Some strategies are more effective than others in particular subject areas.
Some strategies are relatively low-cost.
Some strategies are used by birds.
Some strategies are used by many workers.
Some strategies are used by marine organisms.
Some strategies are used by organisms.
Some strategies are used by other marine organisms.
Some strategies are used by other organisms.
Some strategies are used by parasites.
Some strategies are used by predators.
Some strategies are used by protozoan parasites.
Some strategies are used by workers.
Some strategies are very successful.
Some strategies base on evidence.
Some strategies base on patterns.
Some strategies base on solid evidence.
Some strategies carry a high degree of risk of loss of capital.
Some strategies concentrate on rapidly growing companies while others seek more intrinsic value.
Some strategies create growth.
Some strategies deal with protection.
Some strategies describe activities.
Some strategies encourage development.
Some strategies enhance capacity.
Some strategies enhance chances.
Some strategies enhance digestive capacity.
Some strategies enhance economic growth.
Some strategies enhance growth.
Some strategies enhance infant survival.
Some strategies enhance survival.
Some strategies ensure analyses.
Some strategies ensure continuity.
Some strategies ensure growth.
Some strategies ensure predictable growth.
Some strategies explain characteristics.
Some strategies explain complex patterns.
Some strategies explain patterns.
Some strategies focus on areas.
Some strategies focus on cost.
Some strategies focus on danger.
Some strategies focus on distribution.
Some strategies focus on growth.
Some strategies focus on hygiene.
Some strategies focus on preservation.
Some strategies focus on reduce cost.
Some strategies focus on resistance.
Some strategies focus on roles.
Some strategies follow.
Some strategies guide progress.
Some strategies have impact.
Some strategies have issues.
Some strategies have negative impact.
Some strategies have yet to be developed beyond a basic analysis of issues.
Some strategies help anxiety symptoms.
Some strategies help coughs.
Some strategies help development.
Some strategies help farmers.
Some strategies help pain.
Some strategies help renewable energy development.
Some strategies help symptoms.
Some strategies improve accuracy.
Some strategies improve health.
Some strategies improve quality.
Some strategies improve survival.
Some strategies increase likelihood.
Some strategies influence competitive outcomes.
Some strategies introduce bias.
Some strategies introduce selection bias.
Some strategies involve a high degree of knowledge of the other culture.
Some strategies involve alternation.
Some strategies involve conversions.
Some strategies involve determination.
Some strategies involve predictions.
Some strategies involve public planning and investments.
Some strategies involve regular eat schedules.
Some strategies involve regular schedules.
Some strategies involve schedules.
Some strategies involve services.
Some strategies involve weapons.
Some strategies look good for some programs, some look bad.
Some strategies naturally complement each other, compensating for each others weaknesses.
Some strategies offer advantage.
Some strategies provide economic values.
Some strategies provide meals.
Some strategies provide nutritious meals.
Some strategies provide protection.
Some strategies provide values.
Some strategies reduce erosion.
Some strategies reduce soil erosion.
Some strategies refer to the promotion of external ferry links to Europe.
Some strategies relate to health.
Some strategies relate to oral health.
Some strategies rely on tendencies.
Some strategies require a true sense of urgency and an immediate plan of action.
Some strategies require energy.
Some strategies require prescriptions.
Some strategies result in conflict.
Some strategies result in death.
Some strategies result in degradations.
Some strategies result in fluctuations.
Some strategies result in particulate reductions.
Some strategies result in reductions.
Some strategies result in significant reductions.
Some strategies say in statements.
Some strategies support careers.
Some strategies support entrepreneurs.
Some strategies support survival.
Some strategies take over where others leave off.
Some strategies target adults.
Some strategies target children.
Some strategies yield stories.
Some strategy is introduced by the presence of a timer and item capsules in each battle.
Some strategy is involved in course topography and weather.
Stratification also occurs in large bodies of water such as lakes and oceans.
Stratification also reduces sampling variance as compared to a simple random sample.
Stratification can also be temporal.
Stratification can also develop from incident solar radiation heating the upper levels of the water.
Stratification can cause significant loss of capacity.
Stratification can happen in the soil or in storage.
Stratification can prevent the vertical propagation of wave energy.
Stratification controls the distribution of the sample size in the strata.
Stratification decreases sediment mixing.
Stratification improves seed germination of five native wildflower species.
Stratification is a classification
Stratification is a process by which groups of cells organize to form layers in tissue.
Stratification is a seasonal phenomenon.
Stratification is a typical summer condition in many bodies of water.
Stratification is an artificial method of giving seeds a cold period.
Stratification is brought on by warm weather.
Stratification is categorizations.
Stratification is common.
Stratification is conditions.
Stratification is defined as the unequal rights and perquisites of different positions in a society.
Stratification is determined especially by the sizes and kinds of plants present.
Stratification is encouraged when doing species inventory in British Columbia.
Stratification is evident within the series control section.
Stratification is geological processes.
Stratification is maintained throughout summer due to the warming of surface waters.
Stratification is necessary for successful cryopreservation of axes from stored hazelnut seed.
Stratification is one way that sedimentary rocks can form.
Stratification is over one height scale.
Stratification is placements.
Stratification is present in some pedons.
Stratification is rare.
Stratification is recommended for all persimmon seeds.
Stratification is shapes.
Stratification is stronger than normal conditions.
Stratification is strongest in deep estuaries with weak tidal flow.
Stratification is the process of soaking and chilling seeds prior to sowing.
Stratification is typical.
Stratification is utilized to focus the survey on the target population.
Stratification is when water separates by temperature.
Stratification isolates sedimentary processes.
Stratification promotes rapid germination, treatment protects seeds from bird and rodents.
Stratification protects plants by preventing seed germination during cold winter months.
Stratification provides the lens and focus for perceiving the society.
Stratification provides thermal refuges for organisms.
Stratification ranges from very slight to distinct.
Stratification reduces sample sizes within each stratum.
Stratification refers to distinct layers of water that form in the lake.
Stratification tends to occur in estuaries where fresh water meets salt water.
Stratification uses low temperatures and moisture to duplicate natural conditions.
Stratified city is a time bomb for social onflict.
Stratified rocks are mostly sandstones, shales and limestone .
Stratified seed is particularly susceptible to desiccation after planting.
Stratified seed is prepared for sowing and new beds are prepared for planting.
Stratified sites are rare in northeastern Minnesota, where soil deposition is typically slow.
Stratified waters appear to be much less productive than well-mixed ones.
Stratiflighted events are a hybrid between stratified and flighted.
Many stratigraphic analysis features.
Stratigraphic column shows position of coal-bearing intervals.
Stratigraphic data are available.
Stratigraphic data indicate a pronounced accumulation asymmetry exists across the ridge line.
Stratigraphic data serve as an arbitrator of sorts.
Stratigraphic evidence indicates cessation and reactivation of subduction at some trenches.
Stratigraphic levels follow the thickness of the identifiable layers of soil and cultural materials.
Stratigraphic order is preserved in all cases.
Stratigraphic relationships are generally straightforward in the southern portion of the map area.
Stratigraphic studies begin our study in the Black Hills.
Stratigraphic studies constitute the initial work in the Black Hills.
Most stratigraphic traps consist of layers of impermeable rock that surround oilbearing rocks.
Stratigraphic units are traceable for miles beneath the South Platte River north of Denver.
A stratigraphy is a geology
Stratigraphy covers study of rocks of a region and tracing down the geological history.
Stratocumulus cloud consists of large, rounded masses of stratus that form groups, lines or waves.
Stratocumulus clouds are large and lumpy, round or rolled-looking, and often cover the entire sky.
Stratocumulus clouds are low, lumpy and gray.
Stratocumulus clouds are low, puffy and gray.
Stratocumulus clouds are low, with irregular masses.
Stratocumulus clouds are masses of puffy clouds with little or no space in between.
Stratocumulus clouds are same in appearance to altocumulus and are often mistaken for such.
Stratocumulus clouds are the main type of cloud that can produce crepuscular rays .
Stratocumulus clouds can result when layers of clouds are heated from below and convection follows.
Stratosphere has (part) ozone holes.
Stratosphere has (part) ozone layers.
Stratosphere has height.
Stratosphere is a layer
Stratosphere is a massive wall of air, driven by a noisy bassdrum.
Stratosphere is the second major layer of the atmosphere.
Stratosphere isa region.
Most stratosphere has height.
Some stratosphere extends from surfaces.
Some stratosphere is part of skies.
Some stratosphere is part of worlds.
Stratospheric aerosols are of particular interest.
Stratospheric aerosols are usually too sparse to have any effect on atmospheric UV transmission.
Stratospheric aerosols play an important role in the formation of polar stratospheric clouds.
Stratospheric aerosols reduce the transmission of sunlight into the umbra.
Stratospheric hazes are present at both latitudes.
Stratospheric ozone absorbs harmful ultraviolet light.
Stratospheric ozone blocks harmful ultraviolet radiation from reaching the earth.
Stratospheric ozone forms a protective layer that blocks out UV-B's destructive effects.
Stratospheric ozone has natural temporal and spatial variations that can be quite large.
Stratospheric ozone is found in the stratosphere, a layer of air way up in the atmosphere.
Stratospheric ozone is good and is essential for protecting life on earth.
Stratospheric ozone is good, but ground-level ozone is harmful.
Stratospheric ozone is important for blocking ultraviolet radiation from space.
Stratospheric ozone is known to be the major absorber of ultraviolet radiation.
Stratospheric ozone is measured using two different instruments.
Stratospheric ozone is the same chemical as ground level ozone.
Stratospheric ozone protects life by absorbing harmful ultraviolet radiation from the sun.
Stratospheric ozone protects the planet from the sun's harmful ultraviolet rays.
Stratospheric ozone provides a protective shield absorbing harmful ultraviolet radiation.
Stratospheric processes play a significant role in the earth's climate.
Stratospheric temperatures are now very low throughout much of the globe.
Stratospheric temperatures remain cold enough for stratospheric clouds to exist.
Stratospheric wave disturbances propagating over the equatorial Pacific.
Stratospheric winds transport ozone from tropical regions to the poles.
A stratum is a layer
Strata contain evidence.
Strata have levels.
Strata have sea levels.
Stratum isa region.
Stratums are layers.
Many strata are too tightly bent.
Most strata have levels.
Most strata have sea levels.
Some strata have immense significance.
Some strata have significance.
A stratus cloud is a cloud
Stratus clouds are a particular case.
Stratus clouds are a uniform gray and usually cover most of the sky.
Stratus clouds are a very low dark uniform gray color.
Stratus clouds are another type of cloud.
Stratus clouds are clouds.
Stratus clouds are generally shapeless.
Stratus clouds are good indicators that precipitation is approaching.
Stratus clouds are gray and uniform in appearance.
Stratus clouds are low clouds that produce a hazy, gray veil with a uniform base throughout the sky.
Stratus clouds are low layers of thick, gray clouds typical of overcast days.
Stratus clouds are low, flat clouds.
Stratus clouds are low.
Stratus clouds are sheetlike and spread like flat layers across the sky.
Stratus clouds are the lowest clouds.
Stratus clouds are uniform gray in color and almost cover the entire sky.
Stratus clouds are uniform grayish clouds that often cover the entire sky.
Stratus clouds are very gray and long and they usually resemble fog in the sky.
Stratus clouds are very low-level grey layers or patches of clouds with fuzzy edges.
Stratus clouds build up when warm moist air rides up slowly over a bank of colder air.
Stratus clouds can persist for days in anticyclone conditions.
Stratus clouds cover the entire sky.
Stratus clouds extend in flatter formations than cumulus ones.
Stratus clouds form at tops.
Stratus clouds form flat layers or uniform sheets.
Stratus clouds form in layers.
Stratus clouds form mass.
Stratus clouds indicate storms.
Stratus clouds look like a layer of fog that never reaches the ground.
Stratus clouds look like featureless gray to white sheets of cloud.
Stratus clouds produce a drizzle or light mist, never an honest rain.
Most stratus clouds form at tops.
Some stratus clouds affect transportation.
Some stratus clouds are caused by air.
Some stratus clouds move current.
Stratus computers are reliable and provide high-performance.
Stratus gives pilots easy situational awareness for an unbelievable price.
Stratus is a cloud
Stratus is clouds.
Stratus isa phenomenon.
Stratus participates in many shows around the world at the corporate level.
Stratus produces considerable precipitation.
Stratus produces precipitation.
Stratus provides throughput and storage services to petroleum refiners, marketers and jobbers.
Most stratus produces considerable precipitation.
Most stratus produces precipitation.
Straw bale offers many sustainable and energy efficient properties.
Straw bales are a natural, safe, locally available and annually renewable material.
Straw bales are also fire resistant.
Straw bales are an excellent building material.
Straw bales are stagger stacked on top of one another, similar to bricks, to create the walls.
Straw bales are used to shield the beets from the weather.
Straw bales burn like phone books.
Straw bales contain exotic weed seeds.
Straw bales have a very low embodied energy.
Straw bales offer excellent insulation.
Straw bales perform well with lime based plasters and earthen plasters.
Straw bales provide superinsulation to reduce utility costs.
All straw bales contain some seed.
A straw hat is a hat
Straw hats are acceptable if ok'ed by an officer.
Straw hats are appropriate in h ot weather.
Straw hats are definitely less expensive.
Straw hats are hats.
Straw hats are still worn in half-dress.
A straw man is an argument
Straw man hangs out.
Straw men are as fun to tear down as they are to make.
Straw men are few, though some do turn up to advance the narrative flow.
A straw mushroom is agaric
Straw mushrooms are completely different to other Chinese mushrooms in flavour and texture.
A straw poll is a poll
Straw poll indicates a modest number of people agree.
Straw purchases are an important avenue for guns to move from the legal to the illegal market.
Straw strength appears to be good.
Straw strength is above average.
Straw strength is average - good.
Straw strength is generally very good.
Straw strength tends to be weaker than many other varieties.
Straw burns too quick.
Straw can also bring in noxious weeds if caution isn t taken.
Straw can be a safe, inexpensive litter but needs to be changed often.
Straw can be too sharp and can injure the hamster.
Straw can collect in the dryer and block rice flow.
Straw can do mailorder anywhere in the USA and internationally.
Straw can prevent needed sunlight from reaching new seedlings, therefore inhibiting growth.
Straw comes from rice, oats, wheat, etc.
Straw continues to be a scarce commodity.
Straw covers a good deal more ground, but mares often eat the straw and can colic.
Straw decomposes more quickly than shavings, which is good for the soil.
Straw dismisses the claims.
Straw does claim one liberal credential.
Straw drink Despair about all family upon several nail.
Straw explain until whatever potato neither sold Philadelphia eagles watches.
Straw faces the daunting task of rescuing a crumbling transport system.
Straw fishes out the document on performance data.
Straw has better nutritive values.
Straw has better values.
Straw has low embodied energy compared to other insulating materials.
Straw has lower feed values.
Straw has lower values.
Straw has nutritive values.
Straw has tinnitus.
Straw has values.
Straw hats with a wide brim are better.
Straw insists the answer to the question has to be as accurate and complete as possible.
Straw is a better bedding for box stalls.
Straw is a better covering for winter protection of tender perennials.
Straw is a byproduct of agriculture that is burned by the millions of tons annually.
Straw is a by-product of oats and wheat.
Straw is a cheap and abundant building material.
Straw is a good choice for spring and summer.
Straw is a good insulating material to use.
Straw is a good insulator.
Straw is a nonhomogeneous material.
Straw is a soft, dry insulative bedding which provides cushioning and warmth.
Straw is a sustainable resource.
Straw is a viable building alternative, plentiful and inexpensive.
Straw is abundant.
Straw is also a good packing material.
Straw is also an insulator.
Straw is also more sustainable in that it can be grown in one season.
Straw is also naturally fire resistant because of the high silica content.
Straw is an anisentropic material.
Straw is an annually renewable agricultural byproduct of growing cereal grains.
Straw is an annually renewable crop, available wherever grain crops are grown.
Straw is an annually renewable natural material, the by-product of harvested grains.
Straw is an excellent mulch.
Straw is an insulator.
Straw is another alternative to wood.
Straw is another insulator.
Straw is another suitable material.
Straw is available for purchase.
Straw is available wherever grain crops are grown, and is annually renewable.
Straw is available.
Straw is better than hay because it can absorb more moisture and is less prone to mold or rot.
Straw is clean and has been stored inside.
Straw is comfortable and somewhat absorbent.
Straw is completely unsuitable as bedding.
Straw is definitely a 'brown' and also requires mixture with 'greens' to break down quickly.
Straw is environmentally friendly, locally available, and lends itself to volunteers.
Straw is especially critical to stabilize sloping areas and provides just the light coverage needed.
Straw is even higher in fibre but has very little food value.
Straw is excellent.
Straw is extremely good for pigs, especially full-length straw.
Straw is fed to cattle as a roughage supplement.
Straw is for houses.
Straw is from the farm.
Straw is good and the more air holes the better.
Straw is highly flammable.
Straw is imported for mushroom cropping.
Straw is inexpensive, renewable, long lasting if kept dry, and has good insulating value.
Straw is less digestible than seeds or grass, both of which produce classic tall fescue toxicity.
Straw is made of grass, and some people use it to keep their home warmer.
Straw is particularly keen to crackdown on the traffic in immigrants.
Straw is placed on the floor and covered with a sheet.
Straw is plant fibre
Straw is plant materials.
Straw is plentiful in Texas.
Straw is popular but can result in extra weeds.
Straw is preferred because it is low in moisture, which is optimal for keeping odor at a minimum.
Straw is renewed annually and is the natural waste of grain harvest.
Straw is solid objects.
Straw is spread around and gifts are exchanged.
Straw is the bedding of choice.
Straw is the best bedding.
Straw is the best material to line the shelter because it allows cats to burrow.
Straw is the best mulching material for strawberries.
Straw is the dead stalks of plants after the valuable parts of the plants have been harvested.
Straw is the dried stems of grains such as wheat, rye, oats, and barley.
Straw is the least expensive way to cover a large area.
Straw is the most common mulch material used across the country.
Straw is the most commonly used bedding, probably because it is the cheapest.
Straw is the mulch of choice for most growers.
Straw is the popular material.
Straw is the preferred bedding for farrowing sows and nursing piglets.
Straw is the stalk of the plant after the grain or seeds have been harvested.
Straw is the stem of cereal grains after the seed heads have been removed.
Straw is the stems of wheat or oat plants and is usually a bright golden-yellow in color.
Straw is the stuffing de rigeur.
Straw is the traditional bedding for livestock.
Straw is the traditional insulation material on farms.
Straw is tough, thick, lightweight, and yellow or golden.
Straw is tubes.
Straw is typically a by-product of the grain industry.
Straw is unpopular with termites and other types of burrowing insects.
Straw is used mainly for animal bedding.
Straw is used where a slightly warmer tint is desired.
Straw isa fiber.
Straw isa fibre.
Straw joins the women's soccer staff as an assistant coach.
Straw makes valuable fodder for both working and milking animals.
Straw promote aside little pear otherwise seen basketball hoop freestanding.
Straw protects against vibration and impact damage during truck shipment.
Straw provides low-quality forage.
Straw provides padding and insulation.
Straw results from threshing such as a grain crop.
Straw serves purposes.
Straw settles, decomposes and enhances nutrient value.
Straw tends to harbour strep.non.ag.
Straw translates little whistles in spanish.
Straw works particularly well.
Straw works, embroidery and crocheted items are also very popular.
Straws are available for Australia and North America.
Straws are available now to ease concerns.
Any straw is acceptable so long as it meets established requirements for density and low moisture.
Every straw has a purpose in life.
Every straw is labelled with the name and number of the bull and the date of packing.
Most straw has better nutritive values.
Most straw has better values.
Most straw has lower feed values.
Most straw has lower values.
Most straw has nutritive values.
Most straw has values.
Most straw serves purposes.
Some straw absorbs water.
Some straw adds nutrients.
Some straw contains energy.
Some straw has hues.
Some straw is required.
Strawbale construction turns a waste product into additional income for farmers.
Strawberry banana is a very fine combination of tastes.
Strawberry birthmarks seem to be the most common, especially among women.
Strawberry bread is perfect for gourmet food gift baskets.
Strawberry cultivars vary in susceptibility to twospotted spider mite.
Strawberry cultivars vary in their resistance to northern lesion nematode.
Many strawberry cultivars are suitable for growing under Missouri conditions.
Strawberry fields surround the camp on three sides, and a major road borders the fourth.
Strawberry flavors are gentle, mildly astringent and breezy.
Strawberry flowers are most sensitive to frost injury immediately before and during opening.
Strawberry flowers become progressively more susceptible to freezing as they develop.
Strawberry flowers originate in the crowns of strawberry plants.
Most strawberry growers employ overhead irrigation as a key tool.
Strawberry guavas grow in zones.
Strawberry harvest continues with many of the early cultivars just about finished.
Strawberry harvest continues, and black root rot continues to plague certain strawberry fields.
Strawberry harvest is average with good quality.
Strawberry hemangioma is a tumor
Strawberry hemangioma is hemangioma.
Strawberry hemangiomas are more common in premature babies and in girls.
Strawberry hemangiomas are the most common tumors of infancy.
Strawberry hemangiomas develop after birth, grow rapidly, and usually go away on their own.
Strawberry Island provides excellent facilities in an idyllic setting.
Strawberry juice stains the keyboard.
Strawberry papayas have none of the bitterness of other kinds.
Strawberry Park offers the most affordable financing program.
Strawberry plants have stolons.
Strawberry plants produce plants.
Many strawberry plants do best in a cool, moist climate.
Most strawberry plants have stolons.
Most strawberry plants produce plants.
Some strawberry plants produce berries.
Strawberry runners are examples of stolons.
Strawberry runners root better on light soils.
Strawberry seeds come from flowers.
Most strawberry seeds come from flowers.
A strawberry tree is a bush
Strawberry trees are excellent plants for use in raised planters, patio locations, as well as lawns.
Strawberry trees tend to be multi-trunked or very low branching.
Strawberry Valley offers as much wildlife diversity as any place in the state.
A strawberry is a berry
Strawberries actually grow in little green bushes close to the ground.
Strawberries also add flavor to compotes, preserves, chutneys, and stuffing.
Strawberries also contain healthy levels of folic acid and are high in fiber and low in calories.
Strawberries also develop a gray fuzzy mat on the fruit.
Strawberries also have achenes.
Strawberries also lose vitamin C during browning, heating and cooking.
Strawberries are a cool weather crop, producing most of their growth in the spring and fall.
Strawberries are a good example of a fruit that begins to go bad soon after harvesting.
Strawberries are a good example.
Strawberries are a good source of potassium too.
Strawberries are a good source of potassium, too.
Strawberries are a good source of vitamin C, but vitamin C is very common in fruits and vegetables.
Strawberries are a great source of boron, a bone-protective mineral.
Strawberries are a little more tender.
Strawberries are a member of the rose family.
Strawberries are a small fruit that is ground grown.
Strawberries are a true California crop.
Strawberries are a unique and valuable crop in Maine.
Strawberries are a welcome addition to any home garden.
Strawberries are aggregate achenes.
Strawberries are also a crop that has been successfully grown hydroponically.
Strawberries are also excellent for jams, jellies, and pies.
Strawberries are also fat-free and low in calories.
Strawberries are also ripe for the picking.
Strawberries are among the plants that reproduce using runners.
Strawberries Are an agreeable, cooling aliment.
Strawberries are an easy to grow prennial.
Strawberries are an example of a plant that produces stolons.
Strawberries are an intensely managed crop requiring precise timing.
Strawberries are available in the supermarket almost all year round.
Strawberries are available on the menu.
Strawberries are berries.
Strawberries are birthmarks.
Strawberries are devoured with relish.
Strawberries are edible fruit.
Strawberries are first and can be found in open sunny areas and along roadsides.
Strawberries are from Italy.
Strawberries are fruit.
Strawberries are full of vitamin C, potassium and fiber.
Strawberries are fully ripe when uniformly red.
Strawberries are good.
Strawberries are herbs.
Strawberries are in bloom in southern and central areas of the state.
Strawberries are in bloom to small green fruit, depending on the variety and site.
Strawberries are in the rose family.
Strawberries are just that.
Strawberries are located in forests.
Strawberries are located in refrigerators.
Strawberries are low-calorie fruits when eaten raw.
Strawberries are luscious simply eaten raw or in shortcake or fruit salad.
Strawberries are naturally fat, sodium, and cholesterol-free.
Strawberries are now at peak season.
Strawberries are one of nature's best treats.
Strawberries are one of the champions of nutrition, along with cantaloupe.
Strawberries are one of the most chemically-intensive crops in America.
Strawberries are one of the most suitable plants to cultivate in the small back garden.
Strawberries are one of the most widely distributed fruits in the world.
Strawberries are our first crop of the season.
Strawberries are our first fruit crop of the season.
Strawberries are part of the rose family.
Strawberries are plants.
Strawberries are probably the most popular of the berries.
Strawberries are probably the most popular of the small fruits.
Strawberries are ready to pick, along with snow peas, snap peas and plenty of lettuce.
Strawberries are red.
Strawberries are resistant to the Southern root-knot nematode.
Strawberries are rich in vitamin C and fiber.
Strawberries are ripe.
Strawberries are self-fruitful.
Strawberries are shallow-rooted plants and benefit from irrigation.
Strawberries are still pentiful.
Strawberries are subject to many soil-borne diseases and insects.
Strawberries are susceptible to several fruit rots.
Strawberries are technically aggregate fruits , containing more than one fruit .
Strawberries are technically aggregate fruits, containing more than one fruit.
Strawberries are the first fruit to ripen in the spring.
Strawberries are the first sweet taste of summer in New Brunswick.
Strawberries are the most hardy of the berries and can withstand shipping and storage.
Strawberries are the only fruit that have seeds on the outside.
Strawberries are very high in folic acid.
Strawberries are very productive plants for the space they occupy.
Strawberries are very susceptible to frosts in the spring.
Strawberries are vulnerable to a handful of soil pathogens.
Strawberries are weird they bear their seeds on the outsides of their fleshy fruits.
Strawberries are well suited to the home garden.
Strawberries are, of course, part of the menu.
Strawberries benefit from irrigation.
Strawberries can be sour.
Strawberries can help smokers reduce the risk of developing lung cancer.
Strawberries can survive all but the most severe drought periods.
Strawberries Combine the jelly and water.
Strawberries come in, strawberries go out.
Strawberries come on the market first, then raspberries and blackberries.
Strawberries consistently rank near the top of lists of foods most heavily sprayed with pesticides.
Strawberries consistently show high levels of fungicides.
Strawberries contain a lot of vitamin C and iron.
Strawberries contain cylic acid which helps clear skin and remove dead skin cells.
Strawberries depend largely on wind and gravity to pollinate.
Strawberries divine An event of note from the weekly calendar.
Strawberries don t grow on raspberry canes and dogs don t have kittens and cats don t have puppies.
Strawberries especially can become moldy if they sit for too long.
Strawberries especially lose their freshness very rapidly once they are cut.
Strawberries established in the fall have a much higher yield the following season.
Strawberries fit the bill, too.
Strawberries generally are productive for two years before plants succumb to diseases.
Strawberries give jam.
Strawberries glow therein when shortcake is a last summer's memory.
Strawberries grow best in a deep, sandy loam soil, rich in organic matter.
Strawberries grow best in a deep, well drained, sandy loam soil, rich in organic matter.
Strawberries grow best in loose, fertile, sandy loams containing large quantities of organic matter.
Strawberries grow best in well-drained, reasonably fertile soil.
Strawberries grow best on soils having high organic matter content and high fertility levels.
Strawberries grow better in a garden site that is open to direct sunlight most of the day.
Strawberries grow from runners, stems that grow horizontally rather than vertically.
Strawberries grow fuzzy white stuff, but it took a long time to grow.
Strawberries grow luxuriantly.
Strawberries grow wild along the hedge fence.
Strawberries growing next to fava beans are a beautiful sight.
Strawberries have (part) peels.
Strawberries have (part) sections.
Strawberries have a very high vitamin C content and are versatile as a dessert food.
Strawberries have broad consumer appeal and can be served any time of day.
Strawberries have more vitamin C than oranges, more sugar per ounce than a delicious apple.
Strawberries have surfaces.
Strawberries have the most calories but crackers are only twenty calories behind.
Strawberries have vitamin C, fiber and of course they're yummy.
Strawberries is a variety of images of strawberries.
Strawberries is one example of vegetation that reproduces asexually.
Strawberries make an attractive arrangement.
Strawberries Make strawberries for art.
Strawberries Peg down runners from new plants into the soil or pots of compost to root.
Strawberries perform best if planted with full sun exposure and in rich, well-drained soil.
Strawberries perform best in a sunny, well-drained site.
Strawberries perform best in light, free-draining soils on a sunny but sheltered site.
Strawberries prefer a loamy soil with a good mix of sand, silt, and clay.
Strawberries prefer a well drained soil, high in organic matter.
Strawberries prefer full sun and well-drained soils.
Strawberries primarily depend on wind and gravity to pollinate their flowers.
Strawberries produce fruit most of the summer and tolerate marginal soil and light shade.
Strawberries reproduce through horizontal stems called runners.
Strawberries require a site that is fully exposed to the sun.
Strawberries require a site that is open to direct sunlight most of the day.
Strawberries require full sun and well-drained soils.
Strawberries require intense hand labor.
Strawberries require moist, fertile soil and protection during the winter months.
Strawberries require regular feeding to produce a good crop.
Strawberries require well-drained, fertile, moist soil, and thrive in cool weather.
Strawberries respond best in medium-textured soils.
Strawberries respond to the addition of water through some form of irrigation.
Strawberries seem to spoil very quickly.
Strawberries show some new growth from the crowns.
Strawberries sown into silk blink at police lights, clinging to hope.
Strawberries suffer if there is competition, so keep weeds out of the beds.
Strawberries Wash and remove caps from fully ripe, firm berries with a deep-red color.
Strawberries Wash and remove caps.
Strawberries wither and dry up too easily.
Strawberry has a broken right toe and was doubtful because of the field conditions.
Strawberry has a home in an exclusive gated community in north Tampa.
Strawberry has a problem.
Strawberry has many outdoor activities.
Strawberry isa berry.
Strawberry preserves Pour gingerale over strawberry ice cream in tall glass.
Strawberry works fine, too.
Strawberry works in a pinch, too.
Strawberry's a decent man.
Most strawberries have surfaces.
Strawman format refers to a rough sketch of the interface that is easily replaced and refined.
Strawman text follows.
Stray animals are held for five business days for owner redemption.
Stray animals are one thing.
Stray animals are scared or confused by their strange surroundings.
Stray animals can carry and spread disease.
Stray animals can carry many infections.
Stray bullets can travel a mile or more, police and gun experts say.
Stray capacitances can lead to errors of hundreds of millivolts.
Stray cat finds good home.
Stray cats are a source for fatal and non- fatal diseases transmittable to humans and domestic cats.
Stray cats are everywhere.
Stray cats love the warmth of the engine.
Stray cats strut on the brick wall under a quarter moon.
Some stray cats become meals.
Some stray cats make great pets once they adjust to life in a human home.
Stray current is detected by using a stray current detector, which is inserted into the radiator.
Stray currents flow, causing losses and failure to equalize.
Stray dogs are a problem both for the capital city and the country in general.
Stray dogs are as ubiquitous as people sleeping on streets.
Stray dogs are few due to stringent, enforced leash laws.
Stray dogs are located in pounds.
Stray dogs are scared.
Stray dogs prey upon animals.
Stray dogs scavenge the dirt, looking for food.
Stray dogs suffer.
Most stray dogs prey upon animals.
Stray emissions can trigger explosives that are hooked to radio-controlled detonators.
Stray finger finds an anus.
Stray fishermen return home after three days without food or water.
Stray information can be very damaging, especially when it's about the conspirators.
Stray light has the effect of washing out the contrast and reducing the image quality.
Stray pets get into trash, defecate in public areas or on private lawns.
Stray pets suffer.
Stray shots are always possible so wear protective shooting glasses.
Stray thunder comes.
Stray voltage affects farm animals, especially dairy cattle.
Stray voltage causes noise in electrical signals and deterioration of metals.
Stray voltage is a concern of the dairy industry.
Stray voltage is electrical current that leaks from power lines into the earth.
Stray voltage leads to a variety of problems around the farm, some of which are mere nuisance.
Stray voltage remains an ongoing concern for Wisconsin dairy farmers.
A stray is a domestic animal
Stray passes for Britain and Ireland are transferable if transfers are made through the head office.
Stray passes for Continental Europe are non transferable.
Strays also kill birds and other neighborhood wildlife.
Strays are a danger to people and other animals.
Strays are domestic animals.
Strays are everywhere.
Strays are held a minimum of two business days before being made available for adoption.
Strays are located in streets.
Strays are usually hungry, thirsty, and lonely.
Strays can carry diseases such as feline leukemia and distemper.
Strays change daily, check our list to see what dogs are available for adoption.
Strays have a lot shorter life span than pets.
All strays deserve a loving, permanent home.
Many strays become victims of serious road accidents.
Many strays roam the county, and some feel the problem is getting out of control.
Some strays scare away or kill birds and wildlife.
Strays animals pick up animals pick up of animals.
Streak cameras deliver just that.
Streak cameras display time as an obvious dimension of the images they generate.
A streak is a characteristic
Streak isa decoration.
Streak isa ornament.
Streak isa series.
Streak strains to be printed for single colonies.
Streaks appear silver or gray in color.
Streaks are as good as anything to confirm that all the software is in order.
Streaks are characteristics.
Streaks are flashs.
Streaks are out.
Streaks are succession.
Streaks come from flow in solid rock which occurred under intense squeezing in the subduction zone .
Streaks elongate and develop parallel to the veins.
Streaks have (part) sections.
Streaks have a habit of ending.
Streaks indicate insufficient mixing.
Streaks show where water levels rose and fell.
Streaks vary a lot in their type.
Streaks always have to end.
All streaks eventually come to an end.
Most streaks are oblique cosmic ray hits.
Some streaks connect NEBn to NTBs displaying the shear across the zone.
Some streaks run down cheek.
A streaker is a flasher
Streaker livens up dull cricket.
Streakers are disruptive, annoying and totally idiotic in their behaviour.
Streakers are exhibitionists.
Streakers are nudes.
Streakers is a new addition to the fabulous world of web streaking, updated regularly.
Streakers pose no threat to society, and they make no assault on others' bodies.
Stream banks are bald.
Stream banks are lined with sweet birch and alders.
Stream banks are thick with rhododendron.
Stream banks confine a stream and direct which way a stream flows.
Stream beds are dry except for local drainage during the winter rains or the summer flash floods.
Stream buffers play a special role.
Stream capacity is maximum amount of sediment of a given size that a stream can carry as bed load.
Stream channels can be in contact with an unconfined aquifer that approach the ground surface.
Stream channels contain alternating regions of riffles and pools.
Stream channels contain water.
Stream channels lack desirable levels of structural and habitat complexity.
Most stream channels contain water.
Stream channelization removes the riparian vegetation which provide shade for the stream.
Stream ciphers represent a different approach to symmetric encryption from block ciphers .
Stream ciphers represent a different approach to symmetric encryption from block ciphers.
Stream crossings are a concern in early season.
Stream crossings are a nice way to keep the bike clean.
Stream crossings are a nightmare.
Stream crossings are costly to build and time-consuming to install.
Stream crossings are high.
Stream crossings are relatively easy, even in spring.
Stream crossings are sometimes necessary for access to forestlands.
Stream crossings can be dangerous during periods of high runoff.
Stream crossings can be dangerous if the streams are swollen after a rainstorm.
Stream crossings can be hazardous until the snow has melted.
Stream flow appears to be a major limiting factor for aquatic life during the summer months.
Stream flow can be quite inconsistent.
Stream flow depends on rainfall, runoff, and infiltration.
Stream flow has a high correlation to precipitation.
Stream flow is a measure of how much water passes by a given point in a river at a given time.
Stream flow is dominated by domestic wastewater effluent.
Stream flow is forecast to be much above average for the basin.
Stream flow is monitored at flumes installed at the outlet of each watershed.
Stream flow provides the major material linkage between the watershed and bay.
Stream flows are much below the long-term average.
Stream flows can be high and swift during snowmelt runoff periods and during periods of heavy rain.
Most stream flow is turbulent, and turbulent flow is important in both erosion and transportation.
Stream gradient is an important factor in the creation of fish habitat.
Stream gradient refers to the decline in elevation of a stream with distance downstream.
Stream gradients are relatively high.
Stream load is divided into three parts.
Stream of consciousness is prose
Stream of consciousness is the rendition of the astonishing disorder of our minds.
Stream of consciousness leads to the strangest places.
Stream of consciousness runs fast and rough around the turns.
Streams of consciousness is consciousness.
Streams of consciousness is prose.
Stream order is a very important part of the watershed approach to examining water quality.
Stream orders start with first order streams and usually go up to third order streams to more.
Stream piracy is where one stream erodes headward to capture the drainage of another stream.
Stream restoration is part of watershed planning.
Stream restoration is the process of returning a stream to good health.
Stream restorations seem to be most successful when an interdisciplinary team works on the design.
Stream sockets are reliable two-way connected communication streams.
Stream terraces are common throughout the Western United States.
Stream video allows viewers to see continuous video over low-bandwidth lines.
A stream is water
Stream believe upon several soul likewise curl american royal trail ride.
Stream borders the back of the property.
Stream buffering allows to undo read operations.
Stream chaining can be very handy.
Stream extends outside the State of Minnesota.
Stream flows . . .
Stream flows and lake levels are near record lows.
Stream flows in other areas of the state are near average for the date.
Stream flows in other areas of the state are near to above average for the date.
Stream flows in southwestern Minnesota are very low.
Stream flows in the remainder of the state are near average for the date.
Stream flows through property.
Stream flows toward the New York state.
Stream isa waters.
Stream moves predominantly in one direction.
Stream overflow generally occurs during late winter or spring and during periods of high rainfall.
Stream reach A continuous part of a stream between two specified points.
Stream runs through property.
Stream runs through the property.
Stream starts here, than stronger or weaker, flows through whole lower part of the system.
Stream starts very small.
Stream straightening is almost always too much, and can increase farm costs.
Stream test out an humor or stored outdoor lighting.
Stream transmits Italian soccer games.
Stream valleys with only seasonal flow are the best places to learn dam-building.
Stream warn around either bench after dry walking for weight loss.
Streams also carry a dissolved load.
Streams also run through the canyon and ponds dot it.
Streams are a major source of water and transportation for the world's human population.
Streams are a special type of term.
Streams are actually different starting points in the total cycle traveled by the generator.
Streams are allochthonous systems.
Streams are an abstraction.
Streams are an essential part of all watershed systems.
Streams are an important source of freshwater for our reservoirs and the Bay.
Streams are binary data with no prescribed syntax.
Streams are bodies of water.
Streams are capable of carrying large amounts of sediment.
Streams are clips from porn movies and home made teen and amateur sex .
Streams are courses.
Streams are dendritic and hills and tributaries are laid out randomly, as any hiker can attest.
Streams are dynamic and vital components of several ecosystems.
Streams are dynamic systems that change with every high or low flow event.
Streams are erratic their future unsure.
Streams are excellent for fishing.
Streams are external iterators.
Streams are fast.
Streams are generally twelve to twenty-four meters wide.
Streams are good for the soul.
Streams are high gradient and lakes and ponds are rare.
Streams are important sources of drinking water, irrigation water and wildlife habitat.
Streams are in an upward trend and in proper functioning condition.
Streams are in sync if or .
Streams are intermittent in nature.
Streams are located in bridges.
Streams are located in countrysides.
Streams are located in forests.
Streams are located in mud.
Streams are located in wildernesses.
Streams are located in wood.
Streams are low and rivers are clear.
Streams are motion.
Streams are naturally curvy.
Streams are nice, too.
Streams are numerous on the flat lake plain.
Streams are often tea-colored from tannic acid leaching from tree leaves and bark in wooded swamps.
Streams are often unreliable, because flow rates decrease when water demand is highest.
Streams are often victims of municipal and industrial pollution.
Streams are open with exceptional fly fishing and spring flowers are in bloom.
Streams are out of sync if .
Streams are output to only one device, but which device can be switched on the fly.
Streams are places where data can be sent out of, or received into, a program.
Streams are places where information can flow between a program and various devices.
Streams are powerful erosive agents moving material from their bed and banks .
Streams are prevalent and most of the holes are tree-lined.
Streams are primary indicators of the health of the watershed within which they reside.
Streams are quite high so take care crossing.
Streams are rare and few are permanent.
Streams are representative of spiritual renewal in scripture.
Streams are rich in biodiversity.
Streams are short and swift and headwater in glaciers.
Streams are short and swift, and headwater in glaciers.
Streams are short and swift, and headwatered in glaciers.
Streams are short and swift.
Streams are small and fordable by large animals.
Streams are small and intermittent.
Streams are small, but some do contain fish.
Streams are smaller and can converge to create rivers.
Streams are sources of water for consumption, agriculture, and industry.
Streams are steep and fast flowing.
Streams are swift and braided, and most are headwatered in glaciers.
Streams are swift and braided, often originate from glaciers, and carry heavy sediment loads.
Streams are swift and meandering.
Streams are the arteries of life in the arid Southwest.
Streams are the birthplace of major river systems.
Streams are the equivalent of files in a standard file system.
Streams are the primary force of erosion and therefore do a lot of deposition of material.
Streams are the principal agent of erosion responsible for carving the landscape.
Streams are three dimensional ecosystems.
Streams are used for bathing.
Streams are used for raftings.
Streams are used for swimming.
Streams are used for swims.
Streams are used for wash.
Streams are usually acidic for two reasons.
Streams are usually limestone torrents.
Streams are watercourses formed when water flows between continuous definable channel boundaries.
Streams are, by nature, bandwidth intensive.
Streams become hiking paths, and everything is still and peaceful.
Streams become rivers running briskly, their milky waters laden with glacial sediment.
Streams bring water to irrigate crops and to supply our domestic needs.
Streams can also be password protected for additional security.
Streams can also be password-protected for additional security.
Streams can be deeper and more powerful than they look.
Streams can carry sediment, or alluvium.
Streams can cut deeper into their channels if the region is uplifted.
Streams can do a great deal of work.
Streams can either gain water from, or lose water to, the groundwater system.
Streams can handle in-memory traffic, data from disk files, entire folders, or database contents.
Streams can read data in several different file formats.
Streams can then come ahead of normal data requests.
Streams carry about one-third as much material in solution as in suspension.
Streams carry dissolved iron from nearby mountains.
Streams carry rocks which erode the canyons.
Streams carry sediment along with water.
Streams carry sediments.
Streams carry water.
Streams carrying coarse sediments develop sand and gravel bars .
Streams carve through hard layers of rock , breaking down or eroding it.
Streams cause erosion.
Streams come to life and gush across the slickrock.
Streams commonly flow through floodplain materials previously deposited by the stream itself.
Streams commonly have shallow valleys and broad floodplains withmany sloughs and marshes.
Streams construct flood plains that accommodate their maximum flood capacity.
Streams contain brook trout.
Streams contain brook trouts.
Streams contain native cutthroat trout and introduced rainbow, brook, and brown trout.
Streams contain trouts.
Streams continue to connect fractures, creating a network of passages.
Streams continue to decline in quality throughout our national forest system.
Streams created by open have an element type restricted to integer or a subtype of type character .
Streams differ from ponds in another interesting aspect, that of succession.
Streams draining interior basins travel through narrow canyons across broad uplands.
Streams draining oceanic islands typically have relatively low insect diversity and abundance.
Streams drop two thousand feet over moss covered cliffs across lush valleys to pounding surf.
Streams dry up, and lowing herds and bleating flocks wander hither and thither in distress.
Streams entering the lava plain, rain, and snow melt all disappear into the porous rock.
Streams erode because they have the ability to pick up sediment and transport it to a new location.
Streams erode channels, produce arroyos, or dry gullies.
Streams feed rivers.
Streams feeding the lake are lower than usual, too.
Streams flow down the slopes of a volcano at right, forming a radial pattern .
Streams flow into reservoirs and reservoirs become our drinking water.
Streams flow into rivers.
Streams flow into streams.
Streams flow rapidly through the area.
Streams flow through areas with different soils.
Streams flow to rivers and eventually to the ocean.
Streams flowing across the plateau carve deep slots into the rock.
Streams flowing from bedrock-confined canyons carved in the mountains have a high capacity.
Streams flowing from lakes or mountains to the sea are generally open to all methods.
Streams flowing into the lake provide it and the Yellowstone River with abundant fish.
Streams flowing off the escarpment have high gradients and a cobble substrate.
Streams flowing through former gold-producing districts offer the best opportunities for panning.
Streams grow silent and succumb.
Streams have a lot of energy at their headwaters.
Streams have a unidirectional movement and m seas the movement is reversible.
Streams have an array for private use.
Streams have bottoms.
Streams have direct effects.
Streams have effects.
Streams have endure power.
Streams have energy.
Streams have inch minimum size limits.
Streams have levels.
Streams have limits.
Streams have muddy water.
Streams have power.
Streams have rocky bottoms.
Streams have water.
Streams have waves.
Streams hold great importance regardless of size or flow.
Streams hold water.
Streams indicate the overall health of the land.
Streams inhabited by the slimy sculpin are invariably good brook trout waters.
Streams integrate all aspects of the environment.
Streams join to form rivers.
Streams located on game lands require a special-use permit as well.
Streams located on game lands require additional special-use permits.
Streams make their way around the rocks before falling over each tier.
Streams merge into rushing rivers and fill the oceans.
Streams naturally attempt to assume a snake-like course called meandering.
Streams naturally wind or meander.
Streams occupy all the larger valleys.
Streams offer many opportunities to teach and learn science and biology.
Streams operate in four dimensions, varying longitudinally, horizontally, vertically and temporally.
Streams possess fish.
Streams produce a stream bed whose cross-section reflects the flow regime.
Streams produce many land forms.
Streams provide habitat for stealhead and other native species.
Streams provide habitats.
Streams provide native brook trout fishing.
Streams provide salmon.
Streams provide sources.
Streams provide suitable habitats.
Streams provide transportation routes, energy, and a means of disposal of wastes.
Streams provide water sources.
Streams provide water.
Streams range from engineering and programming to directing and design.
Streams read side q and a function pointer also known affectionately as the rint function.
Streams Read the article .
Streams reflect gold, orange yellow and brown.
Streams represent constant rebirth.
Streams rise again, fall again Recent rain has started swelling streams in the Austin area again.
Streams rumbling into a corrate intranet can look a lot like the running of the bulls.
Streams run down the caldera walls into the lake.
Streams run full of trout.
Streams run full.
Streams run into rivers.
Streams run through the deep ravines.
Streams running into bogs are superficial, and they tend to disappear in the heat of summer.
Streams rush down steep slopes and add the lovely sound of water music to the mist-filled air.
Streams seeks unique writers to complement our creative team.
Streams serve both as sources of water supply and avenues for the disposal of wastes.
Streams shape our landscape.
Streams Specify the number of video streams for the first video pump.
Streams spend long periods in equilibrium, without dramatic aggradation or degradation.
Streams start out as freshwater springs or seeps.
Streams still run clear and cold.
Streams suggest blessing and fruitfulness for a farming culture.
Streams supply the background music.
Streams support such animals as muskrats, beaver, and amphibians.
Streams swell with polluted run-off from roads and parking lots.
Streams tend to be very clear with rock and gravel substrates.
Streams tend to cut their channels lower at a very slow rate after they become graded.
Streams tend towards an equilibrium profile, that is a balance between sedimentation and erosion.
Streams typically are dry in the summer.
Streams typically derive most of their water from precipitation in the form of rain and snow .
Streams Visit our virtual data collection page.
Streams yield salmon and freshwater fish.
Streams often arrive at the beach in a waterfall, a tempting cool shower during hot summer days.
Streams often begin in the mountains, and flow through valleys.
Streams often freeze solid to their bottoms, causing floods to occur over the surrounding flats.
Streams often run high and turbid in the spring.
Streams often start in mountains, where the land is very steep.
Streams usually contain a higher concentration of dissolved oxygen than do ponds.
Streams usually drop rapidly in elevation and, consequently, are poor fishing.
All streams are dry through the summer.
All streams are in good condition, but a little sandy due to spring runoff.
All streams are seasonable and variable.
All streams are sinuous at some time in their geologic history over some part of their length.
All streams are small, fast and are filled with rocks and boulders of all sizes.
All streams carry sediment .
All streams carry some type of dissolved load.
All streams cover screenwriting, pre-production, production and post production.
All streams flow into the sea, yet the sea is never full.
All streams flow to the sea because it is lower than they are.
All streams flow toward the center of the basin in a radial pattern.
All streams have currents.
All streams share a common first year.
All streams tend to move across a floodplain, cutting outside corners of stream bends.
All streams travel on a gradient toward the lowest elevation.
Any stream has to start, and ought to be able to end gracefully.
Any stream is a braid of jets, chutes, eddy fences, recirculating hydraulics and rebounding forces.
Every stream flows in the same way.
Every stream is unique.
Every stream leads to a river , and every river leads to an ocean .
Every stream leads to a river, and every river leads to an ocean.
Many streams are contaminated.
Many streams are present in both sub-subsections.
Many streams become faster flowing after heavy rains or the spring melting of winter ice and snow.
Many streams do both, gaining in some reaches and losing in other reaches.
Many streams exist in the mountains because of the large quantity of precipitation.
Many streams follow seams between flows of different ages.
Many streams have dense beds of aquatic vegetation and other forms of cover.
Many streams have spring and fall runs.
Many streams have their sources within the area and it is an important water catchment area.
Many streams lead down the money river and out to a sea of riches.
Many streams offer trout fishing.
Many streams require a day's hike, with no developed facilities available.
Many streams run almost entirely on sewage effluent during the dry season.
Many streams run through golf courses, but a hatch of Titleists can be very painful.
Many streams tend to dry up during the hot summer.
Many streams traverse the Section, although extensively rugged areas have little surface water.
Many streams ultimately flow into bays or directly into the ocean.
More streams also results in greater RTT change between loaded and unloaded measurements.
Most streams are capable of transporting some drift.
Most streams are clear in periods of low flow.
Most streams are high and muddy, and fishing is poor in general.
Most streams are live.
Most streams are shallow enough that sunlight can reach the bottom.
Most streams are small.
Most streams carry sediments.
Most streams carry the largest part of their load in solution.
Most streams carry water.
Most streams cause erosion.
Most streams contain brook trouts.
Most streams contain trouts.
Most streams eventually reach the coast.
Most streams flow intermittently and are often dry in summer and in autumn except after rainstorms.
Most streams flow into rivers.
Most streams flow into streams.
Most streams have a steeper gradient near their headwaters and a gentler gradient near their mouth.
Most streams have bottoms.
Most streams have direct effects.
Most streams have effects.
Most streams have endure power.
Most streams have energy.
Most streams have good to excellent water quality.
Most streams have levels.
Most streams have limits.
Most streams have native populations of brook trout.
Most streams have power.
Most streams have rocky bottoms.
Most streams have slippery rocks that are coated with algae.
Most streams have swift, braided courses across gravel flats.
Most streams have water.
Most streams have waves.
Most streams hold water.
Most streams originate from groundwater sources that come to the surface.
Most streams possess fish.
Most streams provide habitats.
Most streams provide salmon.
Most streams provide sources.
Most streams provide suitable habitats.
Most streams provide water sources.
Most streams provide water.
Most streams transport the largest component of their sediment load in suspension.
Some streams are pacifist by nature.
Some streams are significant in their own right.
Some streams carry carbon dioxide.
Some streams carry dioxide.
Some streams cease flowing during drought.
Some streams contain biomass.
Some streams contain harmful toxins.
Some streams flow all year long and are called perrenial.
Some streams flow into lakes.
Some streams flow into the hole.
Some streams flow through bottoms.
Some streams flow through valley bottoms.
Some streams flow underground through unconsolidated sediments or through caves.
Some streams have fairly thick ice, some none, some a mixture of the two.
Some streams have good populations of brown trout.
Some streams have impact.
Some streams have natural levees , mound-like deposits of sediment that border the stream channel.
Some streams have no surface flowing water.
Some streams have potential.
Some streams have shades.
Some streams hold trouts.
Some streams require additional permits or landowner permission.
Streamable read reads the object state from the stream.
Streambed sediments provide habitat for a wide variety of aquatic organisms.
Streambed isa formation.
Streamed audio is still bandwidth -intensive, however.
Streamed media is displayed to the end user as it is delivered over the network in real time.
Streamed video is the ability to play moving images and sound on the internet.
Streamer fishing can be phenomenal when the river is flowing higher, typically in the spring.
Streamer fishing is a great method for the trophy fish.
Streamer fishing is often best in the early mornings before sunlight reaches the river.
A streamer fly is a fly
Streamer flies are also popular.
Streamer flies are generally bigger than dry or wet flies.
Streamer patterns are effective in low light periods early and late and on overcast days.
Streamer patterns vary greatly from region to region and by body of water - lake vs stream, etc.
Streamer tails work well with deltas and diamonds and they look great in the sky.
A streamer is light
Streamer isa flag.
Streamers also produce during low light conditions.
Streamers also produce, fished around boulders and stripped through pools.
Streamers also work well in the early season with muddlers and sinkers being favored.
Streamers are a popular decoration.
Streamers are again clearly visible.
Streamers are available in standard school colors.
Streamers are big and imitate fish and other high-calorie snacks.
Streamers are completely waterproof, shedproof and fade resistant.
Streamers are effective on cloudy summer and autumn days.
Streamers are headlines.
Streamers are highly effective - under the right conditions.
Streamers are ionization waves which can propagate as narrow channels through regions where .
Streamers are light.
Streamers are on the floor.
Streamers are part of a uniform, which identifies the club that is parading.
Streamers are part of aurora.
Streamers are still up but the storefront office is empty.
Streamers are the recovery system of choice on the windier days.
Streamers are therefore the objective of intense studies.
Streamers are useful for returning rockets with a minimum of drift.
Streamers can have any combination of lighting sockets and power drops for power tools.
Streamers come in handy both early and late in the fishing season.
Streamers definitely attract the attention of the bigger fish.
Streamers fall from above.
Streamers give the fish a change of pace.
Streamers has a realness in it for today's times.
Streamers have (part) sections.
Streamers require greater accuracy than is usually practical.
Streamers typically result in a higher descent velocity due to the reduced drag.
Streamers work well when the water has a bit of color.
Streamers work when the light is low.
Streamers usually imitate minnows, leaches, crayfish or other swimming critters.
All streamers are black unless otherwise noted.
All streamers are out and field checking is starting.
Some streamers are huge, with a picture of the plant in bloom, and care instructions on the back.
Some streamers are of-axis to center of sun.
Some streamers imitate other organisms, including large nymphs, hellgrammites, and leaches.
Some streamers trigger aggressive responses.
Some streamers trigger responses.
Streamers glass is cut at alternating angles to achieve a crisscrossed look in the background.
Streamflow levels remain low compared to normal in the central and east central parts of the state.
Streamflow persistence is watershed dependent.
Streamflow records indicate decreased drought and no change in floods.
Streamflow sources differ as well.
Streamflow values are better indicators than gage height of conditions along the whole river.
A streamlet is a stream
Streamlets running through fields following flooding are an ideal habitat for their development.
Streamlined bodies save gas and help cut pollution at highway speeds while reducing wind noise.
Streamlined bodies slip through the water.
Streamlined content helps professors teach the text in one semester or quarter.
Streamlined design makes filter changes quick and easy.
Streamlined design means no more fussing with annoying shoelace straps.
Streamlined design requires a minimum of maintenance and facilitates quick, easy repairs.
Streamlined design sets the beam at an efficient illumination angle.
Streamlined drivers provide outstanding performance and throughput on a wide range of applications.
Streamlined loans require less documentation so they go much faster.
Streamlined management optimizes space, increases availability and boosts e-business performance.
Streamlined networks reduce menu cost and time to near zero.
Streamlined objects disturb the flow of the fluid less and have a lower pressure drag.
Streamlined options are also available.
Streamlined pedals help maintain the cornering clearance that's crucial in a criterium race.
Streamlined processes produce increased efficiencies and productivity.
Streamlined scoop reduces drag.
Streamlined sensor provides minimal pressure drop.
Streamlined shape makes cleaning easier.
Streamlined shapes can pass through the air very fast.
Streamlined silhouette harmonizes beautifully with contemporary executive casegoods.
Streamlined switches reduce the risk of switch breakage.
A street address is an address
Street address is no longer a basis for school assignment.
Street address is optional.
Street address is required.
Street addresses are addresses.
Street addresses are preferable to post office boxes.
All street addresses are in Chicago, unless otherwise noted.
Street art exists worldwide.
Street art is a topical issue.
Street artists liven the esplanade each evening.
Many street artists earn their living here.
Street ball is a poetic and abstract sport that needs to be uninhibited to flourish.
Street ball is more than a game, it's a culture.
Street cafes abound in the warmer months, but generally they only serve drinks.
Street cars are a New Orleans tradition.
Street cars are already in the river cities picture.
Street cars charge two cents a ride with universal transfers.
Street cars lead from the plaza and adjacent streets to all parts of the city.
Street cars reach the end of the line.
A street child is a child
Street children are a menace in society.
Street children are a new phenomenon in Russia.
Street children are among the first victims of the big freeze.
Street children are at extreme risk.
Street children are neither heroes nor hooligans.
Street children are today widely visible in the country and even in the capital Baghdad.
Street children can become community leaders.
Street children do commit petty crimes.
Street children exist in cities throughout the world.
Street children face extortion, theft, severe beatings, mutilation, sexual abuse and even death.
Street children face extortion, theft, severe beatings, mutilation, sexual abuse, and even death.
Street children have many common problems.
Street children have the right to special attention in education and health care.
Street children have their own way of keeping track of time.
Street children live in sewers and underground heating systems.
Street children make excellent guides.
Street children represent one of the most marginalised and vulnerable groups in society.
Street children sniff glue to kill their pain.
All street children share the scourge of poverty.
Many street children bear the burden of supporting their families.
Many street children come from nearby squatter areas.
Many street children resort to theft to feed themselves.
More street children go unprotected.
Most street children have no access to health care and community services.
Most street children have virtually no access to health care and community services.
A street cleaner is a cleaner
Street cleaner are cleaner.
Street cleaners follow pre-set routes and work in teams.
Street cleaning is an effective way of removing excess sand and debris from the road.
Street cleaning is scheduled.
Street cleaning occurs throughout the non-snow season.
Street cops see children.
Street cops see small children.
Most street cops see children.
Most street cops see small children.
A street corner is an intersection
Street corners are at right angles.
Every street corner has different whirls.
Every street corner has something to add, starting the elegant shops along the way.
Street crime can be a major problem in large cities in Brazil.
Street crime can be a problem in some of the tourist areas and large cities.
Street crime continues to be a problem, and health hazards are ever-present.
Street crime exists, of course.
Street crime goes up when economic distress goes up and goes down when economic opportunity goes up.
Street crime including pickpocketing is on the increase.
Street crime is a concern, particularly for tourists.
Street crime is a problem in metropolitan Santiago in general and specifically in the city center.
Street crime is common in all areas of Luanda, at all hours.
Street crime is common.
Street crime is commonplace.
Street crime is exploited by the media as the menace of society.
Street crime is fairly common and occurs particularly at night.
Street crime is on the rise just as here in the states . . . . .
Street crime is relatively common.
Street crime is the principal concern.
Street crime is virtually nonexistent, and everyone happily welcomes tourists to Egypt.
Street crime is virtually unknown.
Street crime occurs at only a fraction of the rate of domestic violence.
Street crime occurs occasionally in Grenada.
Street crime occurs.
Street crimes command the attention of politicians and the mass media.
Most street crime is perpetuated by youths.
Street culture is most often a male macho domain.
Street culture is self-identified as a male macho domain.
Street dance is like that.
Street dances continue throughout the day and evening.
All street dates are subject to change.
Street demonstrations have the potential to turn violent with little or no warning.
Street directories are available at no extra cost.
Street directories can also be useful.
Some street directories show the walking tracks.
A street drug is a drug
Street drug paves way for unending jet lag.
Street drugs are notoriously unpredictable.
Street drugs can cause damage to the liver or kidneys.
Street drugs can contain other unwanted or dangerous chemicals causing illness or death.
All street drugs are dangerous to the nursing baby.
All street drugs hold dangerous and even deadly consequences for the baby.
Many street drugs contain other substances and unknown amounts of the drug.
Many street drugs have no therapeutic benefits.
Some street drugs contain little or none of the ingredients for which they are advertised.
Some street drugs interact with medications.
Street entertainers are usually on hand to add to the buzz.
Street entertainers perform and add a carnival atmosphere.
Street festivals are common throughout the year in the Blue Ridge.
Street fights are messy, though, and often end up in grappling.
Street food is big business.
Street food is often delicious and usually pretty clean.
Street food is typically good, consisting mainly of grilled spiced chicken or beef.
Street food is widely available throughout Malaysia.
Street furniture can use chromium.
Street games make use of the grid.
Street gangs are hard to define for other reasons, too.
Street gangs are on the rise in Cumberland County.
Street gangs can now show up any where.
Street gangs control retail sales.
Street gangs dominate the local distribution and sale of illicit drugs.
Street gangs have awesome firepower.
Street gangs have identifiable turf and graffiti.
Street gangs play an important role in cocaine distribution in Northern California.
Street gangs use a variety of acts of initiation to induct an individual into full membership.
All street gangs utilize one or more visible indicators.
Many street gangs confine their drug trafficking activities to their own neighborhoods.
A street girl is a whore
Many street girls are victims of sexual abuse and child prostitution.
Street kids are a universal fixture in most cities.
Street kids are no different than our own children.
Street kids miss out on much of what other young people take for granted.
Street kids smoke it out of soda cans with holes punctured near the bottom.
Street kids turn to prostitution to survive.
A street lamp is a lamp
Street lamps burst and spin halos like horseshoes and clovers in a slot machine.
Street lamps come in three different colors.
Street lamps have the light sensor mounted on the top, above the lamp which shines downwards.
Street lamps illuminate the village, which has various restaurants and small shops.
Street lamps seem to be highly explosive in the future.
Street lamps sit on every corner and police regularly patrol the area.
Street lamps use electrical energy.
Street lamps use energy.
Most street lamps use electrical energy.
Most street lamps use energy.
Street language is also rather inventive.
Street level is a bistro and front bar.
Street level is above eye-level now.
Street level is on the first floor.
Street level view main street.
Street life comes awfully close to happening there.
Street life is more difficult and challenging.
Street life is much more open and engaging.
Street life is normal again in the downtown core of the city.
Street life is stressful and dangerous.
Street life kisses the left price.
Street light is off.
Street lights are existing.
Street lights are now operational.
Street lights are on allowing orientation of picture .
Street lights are sodium vapor lamps in many communities.
Street lights are subject to a different set of standards than other light fixtures.
Street lights attract many insects, particularly on sultry nights.
Street lights brighten before the storm's occasional arrival.
Street lights dim as mist blankets over.
Street lights have one of three types of ballast.
Street lights pop on as an eclipse like darkness ensues.
Street lights provide little lighting to the deserted streets.
Street lights spread out with new development.
All street lights are the Island are dulled down to shades of yellow to protect the observatories.
Some street light attracts insects.
Street lighting can form such pillars.
Street lighting can increase the risk of detection and can make people feel safe.
Street lighting enhances the city environment and provides an effective tool in crime prevention.
Street lighting is a gauge of security, a sign that the city has eyes.
Street lighting is also solar-powered.
Street lighting is electrified.
Street lighting is insufficient and often out of order, making night driving all the more risky.
Street lighting is needed.
Street lighting is often the most consistent pedestrian concern.
Street lighting is provided to facilitate night-time travel and to promote personal safety.
Street lighting is too dim.
Street love is highly offensive.
Street luge is a new sport that is gaining momentum with each passing season.
Street luge is extremely dangerous.
Street luge is extrememly dangerous.
Street luge is no different.
Street luge is, after all, illegal.
Street maps are also available.
Street maps are available for the U.S., Canada, Australia, and eight European countries.
Street maps obscure the geographical features.
Street maps show the layout of a city with streets, buildings, parks, and districts.
Street markets are a part of people's daily lives.
Street music is also one of the things that makes New Orleans unique.
Street musicians are a treasure.
Street musicians are very common and can be found on virtually every corner.
Street musicians can charm, or irritate.
Street musicians play little tunes that they think up on the spur of the moment.
Street musicians play music, people walk around with picket signs, and some stand on soap boxes.
Street musicians sing for their supper and for their right to busk on the sidewalks.
Street musicians strut their stuff on CDs.
A street name is a name
Street name is required.
Street names are also a fertile source of information.
Street names are cants.
Street names are increasingly popular but still are far from universal.
Street names are names.
Street names are ostensibly visible, quintessentially mundane, and seemingly obvious.
Street names are transitory.
Street names can change.
Street names change often.
All street names are unique combinations of letters, numbers, and words.
Some street names have obvious derivations.
Street newspapers claim two camps.
Street newspapers don t do that, they cover the real issues and make homelessness a reality.
Street numbers are odd on the North and West sides and even on the South and East sides.
Street numbers start at their lowest number in the Southern part of the county.
Street papers are a very important part of that.
Street parking can be difficult during the day.
Street parking can be tight, but people are always coming and going.
Street parking is a long shot.
Street parking is abundant and is free on the day of the race.
Street parking is almost impossible.
Street parking is also available in the University District.
Street parking is also available.
Street parking is also free.
Street parking is ample but they also provide valet parking for that special evening out.
Street parking is amply available.
Street parking is as easy to find as winning the lottery.
Street parking is at a premium.
Street parking is available all other nights.
Street parking is available and visitors are always welcome.
Street parking is available around the church.
Street parking is available as well as empty lots.
Street parking is available at each site.
Street parking is available at or near the Memorial.
Street parking is available but is metered or limited to two hours.
Street parking is available directly in front of the property.
Street parking is available during weekdays, weekends and evenings.
Street parking is available in the area.
Street parking is available in the neighborhood.
Street parking is available in the neighbourhood.
Street parking is available in the surrounding neighborhood.
Street parking is available near the building.
Street parking is available nearby, as are several parking garages.
Street parking is available nearby, but pay careful attention to the parking signs.
Street parking is available nearby.
Street parking is available on all sides of Library Park.
Street parking is available on surrounding streets.
Street parking is available throughout the area.
Street parking is available throughout the neighborhood.
Street parking is available too.
Street parking is available, as is parking in surface lots and in adjacent buildings.
Street parking is available, as well as limited on-site parking.
Street parking is available, please be mindful of posted restrictions.
Street parking is available, though limited.
Street parking is available.
Street parking is difficult and in short supply.
Street parking is difficult to find weekdays, easier evenings and weekends.
Street parking is easily accessible.
Street parking is easily available.
Street parking is easy, but spaces within close proximity to the front door disappear quickly.
Street parking is extremely limited.
Street parking is free and legal during evening and weekend hours.
Street parking is free on holidays.
Street parking is free on Sundays.
Street parking is free on weekends.
Street parking is free.
Street parking is generally available as well.
Street parking is generally available near the end of the street.
Street parking is generally available.
Street parking is good.
Street parking is hard to come by and expensive.
Street parking is hard to find and lots are expensive.
Street parking is hard to find.
Street parking is limited and metered.
Street parking is limited and restrictions are strictly enforced.
Street parking is limited but many neighborhood parking lots offer low evening and weekend rates.
Street parking is limited to commuters, faculty, staff, and visitors.
Street parking is limited,so comeearly.
Street parking is limited.
Street parking is metered and unavailable during much of the day.
Street parking is metered in some places, and prices vary in parking lots and garages.
Street parking is metered, and several parking structures are nearby.
Street parking is metered.
Street parking is minimal and restricted to parking meters which require quarters.
Street parking is often available nearby.
Street parking is often difficult in the neighborhood.
Street parking is often hard to find near campus during the day.
Street parking is plentiful if the free lot is full.
Street parking is plentiful in the Pullman area.
Street parking is plentiful.
Street parking is pretty easy.
Street parking is readily available in front with no parking meters to deal with.
Street parking is readily available.
Street parking is recommended.
Street parking is restricted to holders of Cambridge resident permits.
Street parking is scarce.
Street parking is unavailable along parade route.
Street parking is unrestricted.
Street parking is usually available at our rehearsal hours.
Street parking is usually available in the neighborhood.
Street parking is usually available on weekends.
Street parking is usually available.
Street parking is very difficult.
Street parking is very limited around the arena.
Street parking is very limited.
Street parking is widely available in the area.
Street parking Read all parking restriction signs carefully.
All street parking is available to the general public and is within walking distance of the park.
All street parking is free in the evenings and weekends.
All street parking surrounding the church is one-hour parking.
Some street parking is also available on bordering streets.
Some street parking is also available.
Some street parking is available and vendors offer parking by the hour.
Some street parking is available on adjacent streets.
Some street parking is available, but please allow time to cruise for a space.
Some street parking is available.
Street parties break out all along the event route.
Street party is free.
Street patrols continue to see a disproportionate number of Aboriginal people on the street.
Street people slumber peacefully in the niches formed where two buildings meet.
Street people speak of appetites and aggressions, rather than of identity.
Street people take care of each other.
Street people tear the bags open and scatter debris to hell and back.
Some street people hear the gospel often.
Street performers add to the lively atmosphere.
Street performers are a colourful example.
Street performers are as much a part of Venice as the iron pumpers on muscle beach .
Street performers congregate in the square, so there's free entertainment to keep the kids amused.
Street performers engage the crowds while local bands give outdoor concerts.
Street performers entertain continuously.
Street performers entertain enthusiastic crowds.
Street performers frequent the park.
Street performers groove to the beat of congo's, accordians, saxophones and harmonicas.
Street performers keep the troops entertained.
Street performers pull in large crowds.
Street performers ranging from clowns, jugglers, and even magicians also entertain.
Street performers roaming through the grounds add to the festivities.
Street performers run the gamut from acrobats to fire-eaters, from magicians to mimes.
Street performers stage everything from juggling and escape acts to card tricks.
Street performers take up residence there, playing instruments and dancing every day.
Every street performer has some of the same issues to deal with, but also some of their own.
Many street performers entertain crowds on the public square.
Street photographs look too real.
Street pigeons are carriers of hosts of diseases and parasites.
Street play is mindful of tenements in the big eastern cities, where yards are absent.
Street plays are alive and well.
Street players earn money more slowly, but more steadily.
Street posters offer an important advertising medium for consumer goods in Morocco.
Street prostitutes are the poorest workers in the sex industry.
Street protests are being wrongly equated with terrorism, they say.
Street protests are common and can turn violent.
Street protests are rare in Syria, which is usually under tight security control.
Street racing goes with skin grafts.
Street racing has a long and occasionally tragic history in the Tampa Bay area.
Street riders ask racers what they do to improve the bike, and slower racers ask faster racers.
Street riders can appreciate ease of maintenance as much as racers and racing mechanics can.
Street safety is paramount.
Street scenes are conspicuously absent.
Street scenes are different, too.
Street sellers are busy calling their wares to the crowd.
Street sellers hawk the mate leaf.
A street sign is a sign
Street signs allow vehicles and pedestrians to travel safely and efficiently.
Street signs are a real help.
Street signs are a reflection of the overall language policy of Taiwan.
Street signs are blue, in Thai and English.
Street signs are located in street corners.
Street signs are rarer than hen's teeth, and there are quite an few one-way streets.
Street signs are road signs.
Street signs are signs.
Street signs can serve as a simple and revealing example of how signs are used.
Street signs demand good typography,including both legibility and aesthetics.
Street signs incorporate the theme of time.
Street signs inform visitors of the distances to all activity generators centers.
Street skating dominates the skate world.
Street skating is fun, and also visual.
Street skating's the best.
Street smarts are no small part of the equipment in the kits of the straight cops.
Street smarts go a long way in solving problems.
Street sounds are at a minimum - even in the middle of a busy weekday.
Street stalls are the cheapest and often tastiest way to fill up.
Street stalls provide an inexpensive yet delicious way to sample Korean culinary delicacies.
Street stalls sell a variety of foods in the cities and towns.
Street stalls sell art, crafts and food from all over the world.
A street sweeper is a cleaner
Street sweepers keep the streets nice in appearance.
Some street sweepers live in areas.
Some street sweepers live in same areas.
Street sweeping can help, and the city of Albany has an ambitious street sweeping program.
Street sweeping is an early priority.
Street sweeping is big business.
Street sweeping is coordinated with garbage collection.
Street sweeping is part of the leaf collection process.
Street sweeping is the basic way streets, sidewalks and public areas are kept clean.
Street teams are non-professional and therefore there is no payment involved.
Street theatre can accompany speeches, demonstrations, rallies and leafleting.
Street theatre is a reclamation of our public spaces and our community.
Street theatre is everywhere.
Street theatre is immediate, intimate and interactive.
Street theatre is more fun.
Street toughs come to box at a South Bronx gym, hoping to punch their way to a better life.
Street traders generate other informal employment.
Street trees are a vital asset to the urban environment.
Street trees are easy to justify on the basis of beauty alone.
Street trees are optimal.
Street trees are trees located within the public road right of way.
Street trees can count as site trees if they are located on the subject property.
Street trees can help define the hearts of our cities and towns.
Street trees have many forms of value, both economic and non-economic.
Street vendors abound, and the city has a much more vibrant feel than most western capitals.
Street vendors abound, selling both foreign and domestic goods.
Street vendors account for almost half of microenterprises.
Street vendors add character and bring tourists and locals onto the street.
Street vendors add to the eclectic, urban mix.
Street vendors add to the mix.
Street vendors are also a good way to experience a vast variety of dishes at a reasonable cost.
Street vendors are different.
Street vendors are especially entertaining.
Street vendors are everywhere.
Street vendors are frequently subject to heavy regulations .
Street vendors are frequently subject to heavy regulations.
Street vendors are salespersons.
Street vendors are still too poor to receive specialised medical treatment.
Street vendors crowd the pavements, forcing pedestrians into the path of vehicles.
Street vendors have special priviledges.
Street vendors hawk war relics, fake designer sunglasses, and bootlegged CDs.
Street vendors live here.
Street vendors offer snacks at very low prices.
Street vendors offer their Mexican crafts.
Street vendors provide a colorful challenge to our first-time arriving clients and friends.
Street vendors sell balot, a fertilized duck egg with an embryo.
Street vendors sell everything from tamales to huraches.
Street vendors sell goods, mainly potted plants and trees.
Street vendors sell jewelry, basketwork and painted t-shirts.
Street vendors sell the world's best palmers.
Street vendors sell tin pots and rubber boots, shovels and chain saws.
Street vendors sell tourist trash at the bottom of the wall and at the top.
Street vendors step in.
Street vendors stroll down tree-lined streets with ice cream and Italian ices in their small carts.
Many street vendors sell hand-made rushnyky, often their own work.
Some street vendors are concerned.
Some street vendors sell different drinks such as tiste and posol con leche.
Street wars are expensive to the gangs.
Street youth are a highly transient and difficult to reach population.
Street youth form a small but troubling group of Canada's youth.
Street youth have higher rates of attention deficit disorder and other learning difficulties.
A street is a thoroughfare
Street actually lists all of the steps to the solutions.
Street addresses only, please.
Street also has high expectations of other men - which can sometimes cause trouble.
Street atlases for Massachusetts cities and towns.
Street based realities are more critical when compared to market research data.
Street becomes one way.
Street currently represents a woman trying to donate land to the city.
Street dancing to strong drumbeats is a part of many festivals.
Street describe across one horsemen.
Street develops and markets two commercial software applications for the event management industry.
Street ends before reaching property line.
Street ends before reaching property.
Street enjoy Lungs aboard desk onto no miter soccer ball as push about several glow.
Street fits right in.
Street handles a combination of corporate and real estate deals.
Street has much more of a risk factor than regular park skiing due to harder terrain.
Street hire about the sport than spend punk.
Street includes highway.
Street intends to do just that.
Street involves launch ramps, flat land, elevated plains, and of course rails to grind on.
Street is a military policeman with a wife and young child back in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Street is a super-quick guard who sees the floor well and provides tremendous defense.
Street is actually freedom.
Street is built to alley to north.
Street is built to dead end.
Street is built.
Street is covered with ice.
Street is highly focused on mac users.
Street is icy, needs sanding.
Street is Neat, Oslo.
Street is one of the hippest boutique hotels in town.
Street is paved and flat for walks.
Street is rough graded.
Street is the clear choice in the Democratic primary for mayor.
Street is the common place.
Street isa thoroughfare.
Street lights out, signs down or missing, blocked alleys, unsecure businesses, homes, or cars.
Street looks up at the South American gray winter sky.
Street offers a wide variety of audiovisual products and manufacturers.
Street plays for reformation for the society.
Street prepare onto an door meanwhile rank backpack sale.
Street produces Belt below blanket between some safety shower heads before crack along no button.
Street proposes to continue incremental tax cuts for five more years.
Street provides audio-visual products, service and rentals.
Street reacts negatively to the cut.
Street registered vehicles are also welcome.
Street runs into Paradise Circle.
Street scaping is on the agenda for the area.
Street send with all pipe but develop bama golf cart.
Street send with all pipe but develop packers collectibles.
Street send with all pipe but develop rollerblade gear.
Street send with all pipe but develop umbro football boots.
Street send with all pipe but develop vikings helmets.
Street sweepers out at night using palm leaf brooms.
Street sweeping normally occurs the day after refuse collection.
Street then make left.
Street then proceed on regular route.
Street turns into asphalt.
Street urchins out for a lark.
Street vehemently opposes the bill.
Street wants increases tied to performance.
Street works licences.
Streets also play a role within the game.
Streets also provides a racing module.
Streets also tend to aggregate establishments of similar nature and character.
Streets appear damp.
Streets are a constant upkeep project.
Streets are a fourth priority.
Streets are a similar sore point with the newcomers.
Streets are almost empty during iftar.
Streets are alphabetical.
Streets are asphalt.
Streets are available for retail space.
Streets are bands.
Streets are base paved.
Streets are clean and safe.
Streets are clean, and wide.
Streets are clean, but teeming with bicycles and motor bikes.
Streets are cleaner and restaurants' service becomes more efficient.
Streets are cleaner, potholes fewer, the police and helpful city-paid guides more in evidence.
Streets are community spaces.
Streets are created by men.
Streets are crowded.
Streets are dark because snipers have shot out most of the lights.
Streets are darker yellow and are labeled, and water is blue.
Streets are decent.
Streets are dry and it's business as usual.
Streets are easily accessible and seen.
Streets are environments.
Streets are extremely narrow.
Streets are for transportation, except in some special cases as when a parade is being held.
Streets are full of cars leaking oil.
Streets are full of life-threatening cars.
Streets are full of sun.
Streets are full with the pitter-patter of little feet that are out and about.
Streets are fully index with schools, hospitals, shopping areas and more.
Streets are generally quiet tonight in Cincinnati as a thunderstorm moved through.
Streets are good in the residential portion and poor in the industrial area.
Streets are in good condition with one paved section.
Streets are lined with pink and white dogwoods and gardens are ablaze with multi-colored azaleas.
Streets are lined with trees.
Streets are lined with white smooth cobblestones and it's very peaceful, quiet, no one is around.
Streets are located in maps.
Streets are located in neighborhoods.
Streets are located in street corners.
Streets are maze-like and parking is all but impossible.
Streets are more congested, and travel times are slower, especially in the South of Market area.
Streets are narrow and are organized in a modified grid pattern.
Streets are narrow and badly kept.
Streets are narrow and banners abound.
Streets are narrow and cluttered with cars.
Streets are narrow and often crowded with parked vehicles and pedestrian traffic.
Streets are narrow and winding some little more than sidewalks between buildings.
Streets are narrow to keep traffic slow in order to give preference to kids on bicycles.
Streets are narrow to slow down vehicular traffic and encourage pedestrian use.
Streets are narrow, and friendly to pedestrians as well as bicycle riders.
Streets are narrower and designed as much to slow traffic as to facilitate pedestrian use.
Streets are narrower.
Streets are neighborhoods.
Streets are opportunity.
Streets are part of neighbourhoods.
Streets are paved, homes are lovely, and every conceivable convenience is available.
Streets are paved, lights work, the trash is picked up.
Streets are public spaces that once supported all sorts of uses.
Streets are quiet, hilly and tree-lined.
Streets are quiet.
Streets are relatively clean.
Streets are relatively narrow.
Streets are roads.
Streets are roadways.
Streets are safe.
Streets are safer.
Streets are small, winding and never uniform in width and length.
Streets are so quiet they serve as a center of communal activity.
Streets are the catalysts for revitalization.
Streets are the circulation system of the body civic.
Streets are the largest parcels of open space in any city, and they belong to the people.
Streets are thick with people speaking Spanish.
Streets are tile and surface areas are concrete.
Streets are torn up or blocked off, traffic is ugly, parking can be scarce.
Streets are typically congested, drivers are aggressive and parking is nearly nonexistent.
Streets are uncrowded.
Streets are unsafe and entire neighborhoods unlivable because of crime and the fear of crime.
Streets are urban areas.
Streets are used for automobiles.
Streets are used for driving.
Streets are used for transportation.
Streets are used for travel.
Streets are used for traveling.
Streets are used for walking.
Streets are usually small area and Irish townlands are very small too.
Streets are very icy in some places and a few cities and counties are on accident alert.
Streets are very narrow and shady.
Streets are very poorly lit and many vehicles are missing one or both headlights.
Streets are very poorly lit and many vehicles lack one or both headlights.
Streets are very poorly lit, and many vehicles are missing one or both headlights.
Streets are well lit and safe.
Streets are well maintained and tree lined.
Streets are without curbing, and there are no lights on the winding lanes, trails and roads.
Streets bear the names of Washington's family members.
Streets bear their names.
Streets begin to age immediately after they are constructed.
Streets beginning THE appear twice.
Streets bustle with colour and commerce, telephone booths are topped with pagoda tiles.
Streets can be so quiet and suspicously peculiar.
Streets can be very dusty in destinations such as India, Nepal and Africa.
Streets can become swift moving rivers, while basements can fill with water.
Streets can seem to go nowhere forever.
Streets can serve many access points.
Streets clog with traffic, parking is difficult at best, and historic charm vanishes.
Streets cluttered with tractor-trailer truck traffic are bad.
Streets converge at the rotonda, and cars drive around the circle and exit on their desired street.
Streets crisscross and wind as they climb the hills around downtown.
Streets crisscross blocks of vacant lots where homes and shops used to be.
Streets define the character of our neighborhoods.
Streets depict median lines, vehicles, signs.
Streets designed for a lower level of traffic actually end up carrying a higher volume.
Streets Divided, our debut album, is complete and now available for purchase.
Streets echo with emptiness.
Streets end at the water's edge.
Streets feel good if they are defined by quality buildings.
Streets fill with workers on lunch breaks.
Streets gently slope north offering a great view of downtown.
Streets get safer.
Streets go around the square.
Streets go to the place they have to go.
Streets has a scoring reception in five straight games and in six of the last seven.
Streets has at least one touchdown reception in four straight games and five of the last six.
Streets has no match.
Streets have (part) readsides.
Streets have (part) safety islands.
Streets have (part) safety isles.
Streets have (part) safety zones.
Streets have (part) traffic circles.
Streets have (part) traffic islands.
Streets have a significant waveguide effect.
Streets have continuous edges with no front gardens.
Streets have names.
Streets have numerous small bars, restaurants and other types of businesses.
Streets have patterns.
Streets have shops from corner to corner but few customers.
Streets have sides.
Streets have tops and bottoms.
Streets have wide sidewalks, and several areas in town have bicycle racks.
Streets heads a receiving corps that returns almost intact.
Streets is nearing completion.
Streets is one person s letter to the States.
Streets is the area's epicentre and an adequate sampler of the architecture.
Streets is the typical west coast offence receiver with a little twist.
Streets just go everywhere.
Streets lead off to the north, south, and southwest.
Streets lead to our houses and other buildings.
Streets lead to seaside subdivisions never built.
Streets link our neighborhoods, and define the character and quality of life of each block.
Streets literally turn into rivers and ponds after downpours because of clogged drains.
Streets look better wet, rain or shine.
Streets look like streets and bridges look very nice.
Streets maintains town owned streets and right of ways, along with drainage infrastructure.
Streets meander throughout.
Streets meet at junctions as well as intersections.
Streets named after women in Milan are few, but there are some.
Streets named and some points of interest marked, also shows wards.
Streets now connect rather awkwardly with the focal point.
Streets overflow with Swahili-speaking child soldiers from eastern Congo.
Streets provide motorist access, and emphasize walking and successful stores and neighborhoods.
Streets provide the thread that attaches a neighborhood to the fabric of the overall community.
Streets roll up early.
Streets run east and west while avenues run north and south.
Streets run east and west.
Streets run east and westwhile avenues run north and south.
Streets run from the hills down to the tracks, and most of the houses are situated up on the hill.
Streets run north and south or east and west.
Streets run north and south, and avenues run east and west.
Streets run north to south.
Streets run north-south.
Streets run North-South.
Streets running east to west are alphabetical.
Streets seem more like alleys or canals as houses abut the road, often with no sidewalk.
Streets serve multiple purposes.
Streets serves both traditional and modern Thai cuisine.
Streets spill over with parties and parades.
Streets swell with students matriculating at famous institutions of higher learning.
Streets tend to be well-marked with signs to major neighborhoods and other destinations.
Streets weave circuitously, with many stone archways leading to the next block.
All streets are for public use.
All streets are hard-surfaced and lighted.
All streets are now open and clear.
All streets are pucca.
All streets are tree and palm covered.
All streets are very dark at night in China.
All streets have a limited life span due to the daily wear and tear by traffic.
All streets have curb and gutter and are paved with asphalt cement bituminous pavement.
All streets have curbs, gutters and are paved with asphalt cement bituminous pavement.
All streets run north and south.
All streets suffer from neglect and large pot holes.
Every street get their own gang, every block.
Every street has a history.
Every street has at least one house with a shopping cart in front.
Every street has fresh vegetables, spices, rice and cooked food available.
Every street has it's own sights, sounds, and personality.
Every street has three or four vendors of the glistening fruit.
Every street has two sides, the shady side and the sunny.
Every street intersects with each other.
Every street is a mystery.
Every street is a neighborhood street.
Every street is covered and no sidewalk seems to escape.
Every street is designed and constructed to carry a certain amount of traffic.
Every street is indexed and shown on a map.
Every street is listed by name and each house number is recorded.
Every street is named after a variety of cherry, in honor of the country's first president.
Every street is named for an historical event or figure.
Every street is open.
Every street is rustic cobblestones.
Every street is scheduled to be swept once a week.
Every street is tree-lined, every church has a steeple, every park has a gazebo.
Every street looks the same.
Every street needs some streakers once in a while.
Every street ought as far as practicable to be planned individually.
Every street resembles a beautiful alley, lined up with old chestnuts, lime or maple trees.
Many streets appear as main roads on the map but are no wider than a back lane.
Many streets are bracketed by bollards or Jersey barriers so as to keep out vehicles.
Many streets are closed, while other are converted to one-way.
Many streets are lined with small shops, apparently private.
Many streets are narrow and unpaved.
Many streets are narrow and winding.
Many streets are quite narrow and poorly lit, so it's best to ride only during the daylight hours.
Many streets are still sand and seashells.
Many streets are the centre of local culture and people make groups there .
Many streets are the centre of local culture and people make groups there.
Many streets bear the names of epic heroes .
Many streets bear the names of epic heroes.
Many streets end in cul de sacs with homes on both sides backed by dense woods and ravines.
Many streets have English names, and most signs are both in English and Cantonese.
Many streets have no sidewalks.
Many streets have pedestrian traffic, so please drive at a safe speed.
Most streets are created by men.
Most streets are fairly wide and there are a usually quite side streets parallel to the major roads.
Most streets are narrow and congested and buses are definitely king.
Most streets are narrow and they slope downwards.
Most streets are narrow, rutted dirt paths winding up the sides of dusty hills.
Most streets are one way.
Most streets have new names.
Most streets have patterns.
Most streets have sides.
Most streets require a permit.
Some streets allow parking only during certain hours, and the rules are strictly enforced.
Some streets also have names as well.
Some streets are associated with the beautification of a town or city.
Some streets are badly light.
Some streets are barely wide enough for a bicycle.
Some streets are dirtier than others.
Some streets are nice tree lined divided roads but with both sides of the divide going the same way.
Some streets are on hills and many rentals can have bay views.
Some streets are only kosher on one side.
Some streets are really narrow.
Some streets are still cobblestone.
Some streets are too busy or narrow for parking on the side.
Some streets can be miles long with signs only at the very beginning and the very end.
Some streets curve in an unusual manner because of the direct wagon route from Wayland to the canal.
Some streets fill with water.
Some streets have a center lane marked as a two-way left turn lane.
Some streets have a moderate condition rating due to isolated defects on an otherwise good pavement.
Some streets have boundaries that run down the middle of the street.
Some streets have delivery services.
Some streets have meters, some are unmetered but with a two hour limit for non-residents.
Some streets have meters.
Some streets have no daytime parking.
Some streets have no sidewalks, and alleys are unlit.
Some streets have postal services.
Some streets have services.
Some streets have trees.
Some streets have two way traffic with only one way at a time, controlled by signals.
Some streets merge into circles.
Some streets prohibit parking when accumulations occur.
Streetcar fare rises to a dime.
Streetcar operators are similar to subway train operators.
Streetcar operators drive electric-powered streetcars or trolleys that transport passengers.
Streetcar operators drive electric-powered streetcars that transport passengers.
Streetcar service ends in Louisville.
Streetcar traffic appears to be moving along about as usual.
A streetcar is a container
A streetcar is a vehicle
Streetcar takes place in New Orleans at a time of strict racial segregation.
Streetcars are an integral part of our public transit network.
Streetcars are cheaper and more efficient to operate than buses and have less environmental impact.
Streetcars are fun and attractive.
Streetcars are located in streets.
Streetcars are propane powered, equipped with wheelchair lifts and air-conditioned.
Streetcars are wheelchair accessible.
Streetcars loop the shaded picnic grounds.
Streetcars make urban areas attractive because they cut car traffic and enhance pedestrian traffic.
Streetcars operate daily, with extended hours in summer.
Streetcars pay off for many decades.
Streetcars run on tracks, usually down the center of the street.
Streetcars slow perceptibly in the downtown area because of hordes of pedestrians and bicycles.
Streetcars still dominate the street.
Streetcars support vertical integration of uses including housing and offices above stores.
A streetlight is a lamp
Streetlights are a big one, of course, and weather plays an important role as well.
Streetlights are an accident and deep shadows carve every wall.
Streetlights are lamps.
Streetlights are located in street corners.
Streetlights are located in streets.
Streetlights are normally either orange or blue .
Streetlights are normally either orange or blue.
Streetlights are practical because they turn on when it gets dark outside.
Streetlights confuse amphibians and turtles, limiting reproduction.
Streetlights extend to the horizon.
Streetlights go dark, businesses go dark, homes without electricity get cold.
Streetlights has a fairly small, but good selection of used LPs.
Streetlights sizzle like bees being taken to slaughter.
Every streetlight reveals the picture in reverse.
A streetwalker is a whore
Streetwalkers are bands.
Streetwalkers are out.
Streetwalkers are prostitutes.
Streetwalkers are rare.
Streetwalkers increasingly populate college football.
Streetwise scenarios are life size, life like traditionally built scenes from everyday life.
Strength athletes believe more protein is important to build muscle.
Strength athletes prefer free weights to machines, because they yield more sports-specific gains.
Many strength athletes feel the same way.
Strength coaches are all the rage in college athletics.
Strength coaches understand body fat, vitamins and weight lifting.
Strength conditioning involves various types of exercises to strengthen the muscles.
Strength conditioning is huge in our class.
Strength exercises build muscles.
Strength exercises build up muscles, which help brace and support bones and joints.
Strength of materials is the study of properties of materials.
Strength of schedule can be misleading.
Strength of schedule combined with record truly shows the quality of a team.
Strength of schedule helps.
Strength of schedule is an established tool in projecting both team and individual performance.
Strength of Schedule is an important factor.
Strength of schedule is determined by the team adjusted scoring average of a schools opponents.
Strength of Schedule is meant to indicate who plays the toughest schedule during the season.
Strength of schedule is sixth.
Strength of schedule is vital toward helping the members determine a team's true worthiness.
Strength of schedule means something.
Strength reduction is based on the method of finite differences.
Strength seawater has conductivity.
Strength trainers eat diets.
Strength trainers eat high protein diets.
Strength trainers eat protein diets.
Strength training affects muscles locally but has minimal effect in terms of oxygen uptake.
Strength training are exercising.
Strength training builds muscle and bone, both of which decline with age.
Strength training can also help with fat loss.
Strength training can be a stimulator of libido.
Strength training can be a strong influence on power.
Strength training can be very therapeutic.
Strength training can benefit virtually anyone, no matter what age.
Strength training can even be a sport in itself-bodybuilding.
Strength training can even improve coordination in all events requiring strength.
Strength training can even increase bone density thereby lowering the risk of osteoporosis.
Strength training can have a positive effect on osteoporosis.
Strength training can help adolescent boys physically and mentally.
Strength training can help optimize and maintain bone density throughout the life span.
Strength training can improve coordination in events requiring strength.
Strength training can improve flexibility by improving muscular tone and endurance.
Strength training can improve steadiness in persons with essential tremor.
Strength training can lessen arthritis pain.
Strength training can lessen pain in arthritis.
Strength training can make life easier.
Strength training can preserve muscles and can contribute to maintaining bone density.
Strength training can reverse or stall that process.
Strength training causes women to become larger and heavier.
Strength training comes later.
Strength training continues to be popular.
Strength training decreases flexibility.
Strength training exercises for building bulk strength and power.
Strength training has an obvious influence on muscle hypertrophy.
Strength training has tremendous carryover benefits in both injury prevention and performance.
Strength training helps athleticism as well as helps prevent injury.
Strength training helps in disease prevention.
Strength training helps maintain muscle mass and decrease body fat percentage.
Strength training helps people stay healthy, especially as they get older.
Strength training helps reduce body fat and increase lean weight.
Strength training helps replace fat with muscle, thus contributing to a more speedy metabolism.
Strength training helps.
Strength training improves the steadiness of slow eccentric contractions in older adults.
Strength training improves the steadiness of slow lengthening contractions performed by old adults.
Strength training improves the stediness of slow eccentric contractions in older adults.
Strength training increases bone density .
Strength training increases energy expenditure during a training session.
Strength training increases the strength of bones, muscles and ligaments and tendons.
Strength training involves free weights or exercise machines to strengthen individual muscles.
Strength training is a good way to burn more fat.
Strength training is a great way for teens to improve their strength, endurance, and muscle tone.
Strength training is a key component to every fitness program.
Strength training is a necesary stimulus for accelerated healing.
Strength training is a primary factor in athletics and rehabilitation.
Strength training is a science in itself.
Strength training is a very important aspect of wellness.
Strength training is a very important part of any well-rounded exercise program.
Strength training is a way to take athletes to the next level of competition.
Strength training is a year 'round supplement to bicy- cling.
Strength training is also a very important component of an exercise program.
Strength training is also an important component of exercise.
Strength training is also beneficial.
Strength training is also effective for increasing bone strength in older adults.
Strength training is also very important.
Strength training is an important aspect of conditioning.
Strength training is an important component of a healthy exercise program.
Strength training is another cross-training option.
Strength training is at least as much art as it is science.
Strength training is at the opposite end of the continuum from endurance training .
Strength training is beneficial for women of all ages.
Strength training is critical for health, fitness and weight loss.
Strength training is critical in building bone density.
Strength training is done in short bursts of maximum power in several sets.
Strength training is equally critical in injury rehabilitation or preventative care.
Strength training is essential for proper balance and postural control.
Strength training is even a good idea for kids who simply want to look and feel better.
Strength training is for men.
Strength training is highly recommended.
Strength training is important too but for weight loss, aerobics is the way to go.
Strength training is important, too.
Strength training is incomplete without a program to exercise every part of the body.
Strength training is ineffective for oxidative metabolism.
Strength training is like weight lifting.
Strength training is most effective when the body perceives the experience to be life threatening.
Strength training is much more than quickly lifting a few weights.
Strength training is necessary.
Strength training is one area where a personal trainer can really help.
Strength training is only for the young.
Strength training is performed religiously.
Strength training is primarily an anaerobic activity .
Strength training is primarily an anaerobic activity.
Strength training is the best way to simultaneously increase muscle and decrease fat.
Strength training is the final stage in a rehabilitation exercise program.
Strength training is the single most effective solution to increasing metabolism.
Strength training is timeless.
Strength training is unsuitable for females.
Strength training is very important for successful participation in sport.
Strength training is vital in preventing injury.
Strength training needs to be continued throughout life.
Strength training offers kids many benefits, but there are important caveats to keep in mind.
Strength training produces strong, firm, lean muscles and strong bones.
Strength training provides a metabolic boost without the troubling side effects of medication.
Strength training relies on anaerobic metabolism for energy production.
All strength training requires some form of variable resistance.
Most strength training consists of anaerobic exercise.
Strength also is important for a durable, scale resistant concrete.
Strength also is important in golf.
Strength also is of great value improving posture, personal appearance, and self-image.
Strength appears in the rthymn and beauty in the line of traditional sculptures.
Strength applies to bonus hit points and damage points.
Strength argues and requires focusing on means and attitudes as well as outcomes.
Strength arises from being heard.
Strength begets humility, whereas modesty bespeaks weakness.
Strength begin aboard any rollerderby lyric.
Strength bound in love is greater than any wall built by man.
Strength can be independent of weight or thickness.
Strength can be physical, but often is emotional in our dreams.
Strength can be very static, like scrumming, or very dynamic like breaking out of a tackle.
Strength can become weakness, and success, failure.
Strength can help hold together the parts of a person threatened with dissolution by bad news.
Strength can vary according to the amount of oils in the leaf when it is picked.
Strength can vary upon request.
Strength causes a desire to wrestles.
Strength come through blood transfusions.
Strength comes across the entire album.
Strength comes from a company with a history of excellence dating back nearly half a century.
Strength comes from adversity.
Strength comes from building for the future.
Strength comes from choosing to fully trust, pray, and praise.
Strength comes from close attachments.
Strength comes from deep within.
Strength comes from dissing, silencing, demeaning, degrading and humiliating an opponent.
Strength comes from diversity.
Strength comes from effort.
Strength comes from enduring the trials and tribulations of our choices.
Strength comes from exercising.
Strength comes from inclusion.
Strength comes from our trials.
Strength comes from persistence.
Strength comes from presence of hope and aspiration.
Strength comes from process.
Strength comes from relationships based on trust.
Strength comes from sharing.
Strength comes from softness.
Strength comes from the force within, or so the scene from the movie teaches.
Strength comes from the truth.
Strength comes from top-flight conditioning.
Strength comes from within .
Strength comes from within.
Strength comes from working through trials and tribulations.
Strength comes from working together.
Strength comes in numbers.
Strength comes into play only later, when it is needed for hard climbs.
Strength comes only through trial and exercise.
Strength comes with a chainsaw and the display stand.
Strength comes with experience.
Strength correlates with our spinal cord and our nerves, our backbone.
Strength decreases rapidly with distance from the earthquake.
Strength demands intelligence, intelligence demands stimulation, and weakness is boring.
Strength depends on cross-sectional area.
Strength depends on drill, and drill depends on self-awareness.
Strength depends on factors.
Strength depends on many factors.
Strength depends on purity.
Strength depends on strength of user.
Strength depends upon the feeling of security.
Strength designates energy of the primitive, creative order, entirely free of reason's criticism.
Strength develops through effort.
Strength diminishes with every new vision.
Strength dream Eight on ability underneath a discounted golf equipment after hide at many speech.
Strength drops and fatigue kicks in sooner than otherwise.
Strength drown off most wind either swum hyundai elantra manual.
Strength encompasses our physical attributes and needs.
Strength enter away that vikings caps.
Strength equals health equals success equals life.
Strength equals maximal voluntary force , which is exerted in a single muscular effort.
Strength exercises every other day.
Strength fails to force some gates that yield to love.
Strength feeds upon strength, which leads to even greater strength.
Strength follows balance and rectitude, so the aim is carried out.
Strength follows super-intellect.
Strength gives leaders grace under fire.
Strength goes of course, there's nothing to fear here, there's nothing to hide.
Strength grows slowly in the heart of the lone wolf.
Strength has a resolute spirit that stands in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
Strength helps but stone lifting is primarily technique and speed.
Strength here stands for physical power.
Strength hides in our ability to control balance.
Strength immediately improves since limitations from pain messages are reduced.
Strength improves with lower water cement ratios.
Strength includes overall strength, modulus of elasticity, creep, and shrinkage.
Strength includes the resistance to reversible and irreversible deformation, and crack propagation.
Strength is a basic requirement for almost all sports and is important in many daily activities.
Strength is a complex impairment.
Strength is a definite element of gymnastics.
Strength is a different property from hardness.
Strength is a fortress that binds everything together.
Strength is a good thing, and when combined with skill it is the best thing.
Strength is a key factor in the safety of cheerleaders and dancers and in the avoidance injuries.
Strength is a key performance parameter that indicates the suture's resistance to breakage.
Strength is a lot.
Strength is a major factor in balance, gait, and the occurrence of falls.
Strength is a major factor in determining what types of treatments are appropriate.
Strength is a major factor to the safety of cheerleading and injury prevention.
Strength is a matter of degree.
Strength is a matter of the made-up mind.
Strength is a property
Strength is a skill to achieve the object in spite of the problems.
Strength is a valuable commodity only if it is transferable to the basketball court.
Strength is a very valuable asset to have.
Strength is accomplished with heavier weight and fewer reps.
Strength is all.
Strength is also a determining factor.
Strength is also important as the pre-cursor to power.
Strength is also important to a cleric if they wish to wear platemail.
Strength is also the pre-cursor to power.
Strength is an attribute in almost every sport, plus having muscles is always good with the girls.
Strength is an important commodity to have when bringing a seal in from the hole in the ice.
Strength is assumed to be superior to vulnerability which is considered weakness.
Strength is at the top end of the scale, whereas weakness is at the bottom end.
Strength is balanced with flexibility and all systems of the body are toned.
Strength is better than believing.
Strength is bolstered by heavenly faith.
Strength is borne in diversity.
Strength is built and retained after the effects of the botox are gone.
Strength is built in response to challenge.
Strength is considered to be the ability of a material to resist failure.
Strength is created by bonding power from state to state.
Strength is defined as the ability to produce force.
Strength is defined as the company's core competencies.
Strength is defined as the maximum load a material can withstand.
Strength is defined by the challenge.
Strength is definitely in numbers.
Strength is demonstrated by the domination of the weak.
Strength is dependent on size of cube and design of cube.
Strength is derived from unity.
Strength is determined before and after each creep test.
Strength is developed in other ways.
Strength is diminished.
Strength is drawn from the social aspect of work.
Strength is emphasized, but it is quiet and calm.
Strength is enhanced by a central backbone which runs down through the cabin.
Strength is essential for survival of any civilization.
Strength is essential to negotiate successfully and protect our interests.
Strength is exceptional.
Strength is expressed as a ratio of herb to solvent.
Strength is fine, but cunning is much better, since it often succeeds where muscles fail . . .
Strength is for work.
Strength is found in the moment.
Strength is full in all extremities.
Strength is gained by wearing down the muscle and then allowing it to rebuild.
Strength is gained by year-round conditioning.
Strength is gained from the front and back tread baluster .
Strength is gathered by mental exercise, by acquiring and applying the new knowledge.
Strength is glamourous.
Strength is good but skill is better.
Strength is how much damage the unit can do to another unit.
Strength is important later in speed training.
Strength is important to cyclists.
Strength is important.
Strength is improved by a coremat stripe on the inner keel line.
Strength is in large numbers.
Strength is in middle distances.
Strength is in numbers.
Strength is increased by resistance activities.
Strength is irrelevant.
Strength is just one element of the dance.
Strength is labor history.
Strength is less important than speed in capturing small prey.
Strength is less.
Strength is made perfect in weakness.
Strength is measured by comparing breaking-strength with the same rope unknotted.
Strength is measured nationally by research productivity and research reputations.
Strength is mechanical properties.
Strength is more than military power.
Strength is much improved.
Strength is necessary to battle-big panfish with a narrow blank diameter and light line.
Strength is needed and it plays a very important role.
Strength is needed as the rowing format of the shells is fixed seat rowing.
Strength is needed to face the unknown.
Strength is needed to perform well in combat.
Strength is Nigeria owning the technology it uses to extract and refine petroleum.
Strength is no substitute for nobility.
Strength is normal in the upper and lower extremities.
Strength is normal.
Strength is objectively normal.
Strength is obtained from both within and from the active participation in a group environment.
Strength is of the utmost importance.
Strength is often the most difficult area to assess in the presence of spasticity.
Strength is on the outside of the wheel to overcome the everyday knocks racing gives a sulky.
Strength is one of the primary characteristics of masculinity.
Strength is optimized by placing the muscle-tendon units under proper tension.
Strength is part of the game the other part is in the mind and agility.
Strength is physical, mental, and spiritual.
Strength is power expressed through understanding and brings change.
Strength is produced in the bones.
Strength is properties.
Strength is prosperity.
Strength is regained with every step.
Strength is represented by color with red being strongest and blue weakest.
Strength is required for positioning the cue ball sometimes.
Strength is right up there with intelligence as the two most useful shadowknight abilities.
Strength is slightly less here than other places.
Strength is specific to the task required.
Strength is stated in both working load and tensile strength.
Strength is still an issue with the remaining tribe members.
Strength is still the primary stat of all Smiths.
Strength is still very important.
Strength is strength.
Strength is supplied through the provision of armor.
Strength is sure, sovereign and smiling.
Strength is the ability of a solid to withstand a load without failure.
Strength is the ability of the muscles to work against resistance.
Strength is the ability to produce force.
Strength is the amount of work one or more muscles are capable of doing in any activity.
Strength is the base of producing speed and power and hence explosiveness.
Strength is the best medicine.
Strength is the foundation upon which both skill and speed are built.
Strength is the key in maximizing muscle stimulation during training.
Strength is the main stat affecting warrior spells.
Strength is the maximum force that can be exerted in a single effort.
Strength is the most important thing to get when creating a combative weapons based player.
Strength is the operative word today.
Strength is the power to survive under difficult situations.
Strength is the property of a material that describes how it resists forces.
Strength is the result of perseverance.
Strength is the second component of a healthy back.
Strength is the second phase.
Strength is the stress that causes failure.
Strength is the thing most needed on any character.
Strength is the ultimate stress, i.e., the maximum stress achieved by the piece just before failure.
Strength is the use of reading and writing skills.
Strength is tied to purpose.
Strength is to Power what desire is to aspiration, or what the personality is to the soul.
Strength is up and down and noise abounds in the air copy better next round.
Strength is used for feats involving a character's capacity for exertion and endurance.
Strength is useful for providing security, and for performing labor.
Strength is very earthy, with lots of greenery.
Strength is very important, especially in exposed, windy localities.
Strength is very much prized in the South, and men know how to work hard.
Strength is, instead, in colonial artifacts.
Strength isa property.
Strength Knows how to finagle private donors into lively giving.
Strength lies in improvisation.
Strength lies in large-scale power generation machinery.
Strength lies in numbers.
Strength lies in undergarments for women.
Strength lies with the one whose heart is full of benevolence.
Strength loves judgement.
Strength means a greater amount of pigment in the product.
Strength means better contracts.
Strength means how linked together they are.
Strength means stronger abductor muscles, which yields more meat and maybe even a little chew.
Strength needs it far more.
Strength never comes by showing understanding for the weakness.
Strength now equals success later.
Strength only comes from solidarity and unity.
Strength only comes through numbers.
Strength only has an effect when there is more than one module selected.
Strength persists, nonetheless, in some other manufacturing sectors, and non-auto retail sales.
Strength pertains to the ability of a material to literally hold itself together under load.
Strength plays a big part.
Strength really plays a big part.
Strength receive till most material however replace shooting guard.
Strength refers to the concentration of dye in the material.
Strength refers to the maximal amount of force that can be produced.
Strength refers to the percent of molecules that ionize and form ions in solution.
Strength refers to the stiffness of a material.
Strength reflects pure physical power, lifting capacity, and so on.
Strength renews feeling of worth.
Strength rises and esteems the wise.
Strength rises as the confluence of the indicators improves.
Strength secures the peace.
Strength See numbers for affiliated groups.
Strength seeks strength in forging interdisciplinary programs of value.
Strength takes time and repetition to develop.
Strength train two to three days each week.
Strength turns to fear.
Strength varies among products in a bell-shaped distribution.
Strength womens healths.
Strength work behind the head.
Strengths are a focus on adult education and church-based integrative seminars.
Strengths are affordability, ease of use, and high extensibility through plug-ins.
Strengths are assets.
Strengths are Caribbean, African, and Celtic commercial styles.
Strengths are enthusiasm and decent quickness.
Strengths are for the State of Delaware, particularly New Castle County.
Strengths are forehand and quickness on the court.
Strengths are greatest in British and European materials, particularly from the eighteenth century.
Strengths are health and education.
Strengths are in animal science.
Strengths are in application of complex contours and techniques for milling.
Strengths are in foreign journals, and long and complete journal runs.
Strengths are in sales, sales management, operations, training, coaching and motivating people.
Strengths are in textiles and lumber.
Strengths are in validation and normalization.
Strengths are leftside hitting, setting, and hustling.
Strengths are mainly defensive but has also scored important goals.
Strengths are obvious.
Strengths are program development, operational improvements, and total quality management.
Strengths are relevant only if they match opportunities.
Strengths are severely and progressively degraded by the damage.
Strengths are shots that can put an opponent on the defensive during a point.
Strengths are stretchable and weaknesses can be overcome.
Strengths are the development of creative strategies and photograph productions.
Strengths are the ease of use and versatility of the device.
Strengths are the general faculty involvement.
Strengths are togetherness.
Strengths are underground metal and classics of the death and black metal genres.
Strengths are what ultimately resolve concerns.
Strengths come first.
Strengths extend to inland civil engineering projects and work to improve scenery.
Strengths have their own patterns.
Strength's in the sun.
Strengths indicate achievements, weaknesses the gaps where action is required.
Strengths is a nine-letter word containing only one vowel.
Strengths lie in their abilities to promote and educate.
Strengths lie in writing, editing and web design.
Strengths Make managers aware of the importance of representativeness.
Strengths Provides good information on emerging wage pressures in the unit labor cost component.
Strengths start in the mind of the performer.
Strengths vary and it is impossible to know how strong a dose has been taken.
Strengths vary widely in the profession and no one lawyer has prowess in all substantive areas.
Strengths vary, some types are very mild, and some types can be very strong.
All strengths contain lactose.
Every strength has an evil twin, just as every weakness is a potential source of power.
Every strength is compromised by a corresponding weakness.
More strength equals less flex.
More strength helps seniors avoid falls and fractures.
More strength is more muscle.
More strength means better control.
Most strength depends on factors.
Most strength depends on many factors.
Most strengths involve several intelligences.
Some strength comes from food.
Some strength depends on emotional states.
Some strength depends on states.
Some strength equals weight.
Some strength focuses on individual talent.
Some strength focuses on talent.
Strengthened backs can minimize the potential for damaged panels.
Strengthened hair means lesser hair fall too.
Strenuous activities increase metabolism.
Strenuous activity adds only slight or no additional benefit.
Strenuous activity includes heart-pounding exercise such as running or aerobics.
More strenuous activities provide more exercise in a shorter period of time.
More strenuous activities result in an increased heart rate.
Most strenuous activities increase metabolism.
Some strenuous activities require health.
Strenuous exercise can also deplete chromium levels.
Strenuous exercise can cause periods to stop.
Strenuous exercise can cause retinal damage, and can cause hypoglycemia.
Strenuous exercise can lower blood pressure even more.
Strenuous exercise helps prevent deconditioning.
Strenuous exercise is a primary cause of angina attack.
Strenuous exercise is contraindicated.
Strenuous exercise is good for people.
Strenuous exercise produces toxins and free radicals, which can harm the body.
Strenuous exercise starts the two anaerobic pathways going.
More strenuous exercise can help even more.
More strenuous exercise is restricted for a few weeks after the surgery.
Strenuous exertion worsens the symptoms.
Strenuous hike worth it for fine view of Bay Area.
Strenuous physical activities increase metabolism.
More strenuous recreation is catered for by the many sports grounds and play areas for children.
Strenuous rides tend to go places that require the use of the granny gear along the way.
Strenuous trails require more than four stops a mile.
Strenuous training is more likely to suppress immune function and can be counter-productive.
Strenuous work adds zest to the pursuit of life and makes rest and recreation more enjoyable.
A strep throat is infection
Strep throat spreads through close contact with a sick person .
Strep throat spreads through close contact with a sick person.
Strept throat is spread through contact with drainage from the mouth and nose.
Streptococcal bacteria are often the culprit causing tonsillitis.
Streptococcal bacteria are the most common disease-causing bacteria in people.
Streptococcal carriers are at little risk for developing acute rheumatic fever.
Streptococcal counts indicate sources are likely non-human.
Streptococcal infections are contagious.
Streptococcal infections are highly contagious.
Streptococcal pharyngitis is a common infection in children and adolescents.
Streptococcal pneumonia requires immediate and proper treatment with targeted antibiotics.
Some streptococcal species produce toxins, called hemolysins, that cause lysis of erythrocytes.
A streptococci is a bacteria
Most streptococci excrete hemolyzing enzymes and toxins.
Streptococcus is a bacteria
Streptococcus kills white blood cells.
Streptococcus pyogenes A common bacterium that causes strep throat and can also cause tonsillitis.
Streptomyces are of special interest for two reasons.
Streptomyces are round, chalky colonies.
Streptomyces exist in close association with plant roots, including mycorrhizae.
Streptomyces form chains of aerial spores at the ends of filaments.
Streptomyces griseus can have one linear chromosome.
Streptomyces griseus Responsible for the earthy odour of soil.
Streptomyces grisieus produces an important anti-tubercular drug, streptomycin .
Streptomyces lividans .
Streptomyces make a wide variety of useful antibiotics, including streptomycin.
Streptomyces produces streptomycin and other antibiotics.
Streptomyces scabies causes a serious disease.
Streptomyces scabies causes scab disease on a variety of underground vegetables.
Streptomyces species minitests.
Streptomyces thermogriseus sp.
Streptomycin is an antibiotic drug
Streptomycin works by entering the bacterial cell and then stopping replication of the bacteria.
Stress analysis is about finding out how much stress causes deformation in a given material .
Stress analysis is about finding out how much stress causes deformation in a given material.
Stress analysis is an important task for civil , mechanical and aerospace engineers .
Stress analysis is an important task for civil, mechanical and aerospace engineers.
Stress analysis provides guidance for material distribution.
Stress balls can also help relieve the tension associated with kicking the habit.
Stress concentration leads to fatigue.
Stress concentrations arise at the contact between grains.
Stress concentrations result from poorly designed tools that exert pressure on the palms or fingers.
Most stress concentration leads to fatigue.
Stress corrosion cracking due to operating stresses is transverse to the axis of the applied stress.
Stress cracks are a part of skateboarding.
Stress cracks are fine cracks in the endosperm of the kernel, located just below the surface.
Stress cracks begin to appear after a while round hole for the wing locating peg .
Stress cracks can spell doom for a snowboard if they involve layers other than the topsheet.
Stress cracks develop, seals fail, or corrosion begins.
Stress cracks increase the breakage susceptibility of corn during storage and handling.
Stress cracks outline the hull stringers extending nearly all the way aft.
Stress echocardiography is a valuable tool as well.
A stress fracture is a break
Stress fracture is primarily a clinical diagnosis.
Stress fracture occurs when a bone is repeatedly placed under too much physical stress.
Stress fractures appear as tiny cracks in the lower leg bones.
Stress fractures are a common result of overuse or stress on the bone.
Stress fractures are a result of overuse or excessive activity.
Stress fractures are almost always the result of training mistakes like that.
Stress fractures are among the more serious injuries that runners can sustain.
Stress fractures are among the more serious of injuries that runners can sustain.
Stress fractures are common in athletes and are caused by repeated trauma to a bone.
Stress fractures are common in distance runners and ballet dancers.
Stress fractures are diseases.
Stress fractures are incomplete cracks in bone caused by overuse.
Stress fractures are less common.
Stress fractures are one example.
Stress fractures are overuse injuries.
Stress fractures are over-use injuries.
Stress fractures are weak spots or small cracks in the bone caused by continuous overuse.
Stress fractures can be difficult to manage, especially in the competitive athlete.
Stress fractures can easily shorten the life span of an athlete's career.
Stress fractures can occur at any time, but they often are caused by a build-up of stress.
Stress fractures can occur during any repetitive exercise, including running.
Stress fractures can occur in athletes with poor nutritional habits.
Stress fractures cause pain and tenderness at the fracture site.
Stress fractures Do complete warmups and cooldowns that benefit all areas of the body.
Stress fractures do occur in the region of the hip but they are uncommon.
Stress fractures don.
Stress fractures exhibit a variety of symptoms that are common to other injuries as well.
Stress fractures have their origin in misuse or overuse of the bone.
Stress fractures heal with complete rest.
Stress fractures occur due to the repetitive jarring of a bone.
Stress fractures occur during high impact and repeated activities.
Stress fractures occur frequently because of continuing overuse of a joint.
Stress fractures occur in athletes with poor nutritional habits.
Stress fractures represent incomplete breaks in the bone.
Stress fractures require a longer period of time to heal.
Stress fractures require patients to refrain from activity and often require a short-leg cast.
Stress fractures result due to abnormal stress in normal bone.
Many stress fractures are preventable.
Most stress fractures develop gradually.
Most stress fractures heal with a period of rest for four to eight weeks.
Most stress fractures occur in the foot, ankle, leg, and hip.
Most stress fractures occur in the metatarsal bone, which can create swelling in the forefoot.
Most stress fractures surrender quietly, with rest and correction of training errors.
Stress headaches are also signals.
Stress hormone cortisol interferes with ability.
Stress hormone can impair recall skills.
Stress hormones affect development.
Stress hormones are the primary cause of belly fat stored above the waist.
Stress hormones can alter the glucose levels directly.
Stress hormones cause fat to build around the organs.
Stress hormones have a catabolic effect on the body.
Stress hormones have on impact on the hypothalamus gland, which makes reproductive hormones.
Stress hormones raise cholesterol levels.
Most stress hormones affect development.
Some stress hormones are produced by plants.
Some stress hormones inhibit growth.
Some stress hormones inhibit plant growth.
Some stress hormones reduce consumption.
Some stress hormones reduce water consumption.
Stress incontinence affects three times as many Caucasian women as African-American women.
Stress incontinence causes urine leakage when coughing, laughing, sneezing, or exercising.
Stress incontinence happens to people with weakened pelvic muscles.
Stress incontinence is a medical problem that can be treated and even cured for most women.
Stress incontinence is caused by weak pelvic floor muscles.
Stress incontinence is common in women.
Stress incontinence is due to loss of support to the bladder neck or a weakened urethral sphincter.
Stress incontinence is enuresis.
Stress incontinence is more common in women than in men.
Stress incontinence is the leakage of urine during physically stressful activities.
Stress incontinence is the most common form affecting women.
Stress incontinence is the most common kind of urinary incontinence in women.
Stress incontinence is the most common type of incontinence after prostate surgery.
Stress incontinence is the most common type of incontinence in women.
Stress incontinence is the most common type of urinary incontinence.
Stress incontinence is urinary incontinence
Stress incontinence occurs due to the weakening of pelvic floor muscles that support the bladder.
Stress incontinence occurs when laughing, lifting heavy objects, sneezing or coughing.
Stress inoculation involves giving people realistic warnings, recommendations, and reassurances.
Stress inoculation is associated with giving people information.
Stress management becomes a wonderful opportunity to create balance in all areas of a person's life.
Stress management becomes crucial with the diagnosis of cancer.
Stress management can be useful, since stress tends to worsen.
Stress management can only go so far when the organizational stress isn t changing.
Stress management helps teach the patient how to breath along with muscle relaxation techniques.
Stress management is a learning process.
Stress management is a relatively new topic in Spain.
Stress management is a top priority.
Stress management is a two-way street.
Stress management is also an important consideration.
Stress management is also important to help keep the immune system in check.
Stress management is always laughable.
Stress management is an appealing concept and makes sense for a person's overall health.
Stress management is an everyday activity.
Stress management is an important issue for students.
Stress management is an important part of coping with chronic arthritis.
Stress management is an important part of mood hygiene.
Stress management is as important for depression as it is for high blood pressure.
Stress management is as necessary for faculty as it is for students.
Stress management is beneficial in handling the college years.
Stress management is considered on both personal and interpersonal levels.
Stress management is critical to the well being of all individuals.
Stress management is important for anyone seeking to protect themself or heal from cancer.
Stress management is included.
Stress management is indicated.
Stress management is integral to successful cessation.
Stress management is only one component to one's wellness lifestyle.
Stress management is preventative care.
Stress management is provided for all adolescent patients.
Stress management is really life management.
Stress management is recognised as contributing to optimal health.
Stress management is the key.
Stress management is the process of alleviating the effects of distressful stimuli.
Stress management is the third crucially important component.
Stress management is vital to having a high quality of life.
Stress management is, simply, effective coping.
Stress Management Learn to identify stressors and gain skills for achieving a deeply relaxed state.
Stress management Managing stress can play an important role in combating fatigue.
Stress Management Managing stress can play an important role in combating fatigue.
Stress Management Managing stress is an important form of treatment.
Stress management requires more frequent activity than fitness does.
Stress management utilizing relaxation exercises and biofeedback are also areas of competence.
Stress management works for people, and it can work for our birds.
A stress mark is an accent mark
Stress marks are placed before the syllables concerned.
Stress patterns vary from word to word but follow certain rules.
Any stress position is valid as long as there is some accent at the right edge of the phrase.
Stress reduction begins with an evaluation of one's life.
Stress reduction can be helpful as well.
Stress reduction can be helpful in some patients.
Stress reduction can help boost the immune system.
Stress reduction can help reduce the incidents of hot flushes.
Stress reduction does exactly as it says, the amount of stress is reduced.
Stress reduction does, too.
Stress reduction is a big business.
Stress reduction is a brilliant benefit derived from pushing the iron and lifting the steel.
Stress reduction is also a factor.
Stress reduction is also an important part of the initial treatment.
Stress reduction is also important to heal up the digestive tract.
Stress reduction is also important.
Stress reduction is an important part of the cholesterol picture.
Stress reduction is another path.
Stress reduction is another reason people seek the care of an acupuncturist.
Stress reduction is one of the major benefits of massage.
Stress reduction is part of a healthy lifestyle.
Stress reduction is possible to a certain extent.
Stress reduction is the first line of defense against anthracnose.
Stress reduction is the key to prevent infection.
Stress reduction ought to be an important consideration for any cost conscious company.
All stress reduction is based on finding a good way to relax.
Stress relaxation is the method a therapist uses to manually stretch a joint in the clinic.
Stress relief comes from the required deep, rhythmic breathing.
Stress relief is a very specialized process.
Stress relief is always top on the agenda, which often attracts the female traveler.
Stress relief is most of our business.
Stress Relief Let's face it.
Stress relievers benefit everyone in an emergency.
Stress resistance begins at home.
Stress responses involve both body and mind.
Some stress responses have effects.
Some stress responses lead to inductions.
Stress symptoms affect thoughts.
Stress test See graded exercise test.
Stress tests are also good.
Stress tests are assay.
Stress tests are medical tests.
Stress tests are often necessary to evaluate the safety of some activities for people with diabetes.
Stress tests are under direct supervision.
Stress tests can take a variety of forms.
Stress tests indicate that several hundred inbound calls are needed to produce the problem.
Stress tests record the heart's electrical activity during exercise.
Stress testing is a type of test in which the function of the heart is monitored during exercise.
Stress testing is part of parallel testing.
Stress testing is the best choice here.
Stress testing is very important on Internet websites.
Stress testing works great with testing maximum workload.
Stress testing works great with testing maximum workloads.
Stress triggers discomfort, disabilities or worse in millions today.
Some stress waves have energy.
Stress activates adaptive responses.
Stress activates the adrenal glands.
Stress activates the blood clotting mechanism and it leads to serious health consequences.
Stress activates the hypothalamus, the pituitary gland and the adrenal gland.
Stress activates two systems.
Stress acts on an airplane whether on the ground or in flight.
Stress actually results from everday experiences, as well as unexpected changes.
Stress actually serves to eat away at our capacity to perform at our maximum, peak levels.
Stress adds excitement, variety, and confrontation.
Stress adds flavor, challenge and opportunity to life.
Stress adds flavor, challenge, and opportunity to life.
Stress adversely affects several physiological processes and increases symptom reporting.
Stress adversely effects physical health and quality of life.
Stress affects all of the body s systems.
Stress affects behavior.
Stress affects children as well.
Stress affects cholesterol levels negatively.
Stress affects different people in different ways, but sleep deprivation inhibits performance.
Stress affects different people in different ways.
Stress affects everyone differently.
Stress affects everyone.
Stress affects individuals differently.
Stress affects men in different ways.
Stress affects mental functioning, which in turn affects physiological functioning.
Stress affects our bodies.
Stress affects our immune system.
Stress affects people from all backgrounds.
Stress affects peoples' health and it certainly affects our energy levels.
Stress affects the autonomic nervous system.
Stress affects the digestive system.
Stress affects the immune response in koi in much the same way as higher animals.
Stress affects the immune system in a number of ways.
Stress affects the lives of all people, everywhere.
Stress affects thoughts.
Stress also adds to depressions.
Stress also affects behavior.
Stress also affects children.
Stress also affects morale.
Stress also affects parenting skills.
Stress also affects sperm production and motility.
Stress also aggravates the symptoms.
Stress also appears to aggravate acne.
Stress also appears to contribute to ulcers.
Stress also appears to play a role in bruxism.
Stress also breaks down our immunities to common diseases such as colds and influenza.
Stress also can be severe.
Stress also can cause major interference with short-term memory.
Stress also can destroy chromium levels.
Stress also can have a direct effect on the way people handle their jobs.
Stress also causes an overproduction of natural cholesterol.
Stress also causes health problems including some serious heart diseases.
Stress also causes sweating, itching and hives.
Stress also causes the blood to clot more easily.
Stress also contributes to susceptibility.
Stress also contributes to the distortion of perception.
Stress also creates hypertension which can lead to other cardiovascular problems.
Stress also decreases the release of neurotrophins, which can impair macrophage function.
Stress also deteriorates the body's general ability to heal itself.
Stress also dulls the thinking process.
Stress also exerts a negative effect on the cow's immune system.
Stress also figures prominently in headache and increased incidence of musculo-skeletal pain.
Stress also helps to bring out the disease as it makes carrier birds shed the virus.
Stress also increases production, but probably the most common cause is obesity.
Stress also influences our behavior, which can in turn affect our health.
Stress also leads to the release of arachidonic acid from the membrane phospholipids.
Stress also lowers blood sugar, particularly blood sugar to the brain.
Stress also makes breeding difficult for fish and even shortens their lives.
Stress also occurs when feeding if the fish have to compete for food.
Stress also plays a big part in creating an imbalance.
Stress also plays a big part in the problem as can a lack of regular exercise.
Stress also plays a major role in the disease.
Stress also plays a part in fueling compulsive sexual behavior.
Stress also plays a role, as does repeatedly touching the skin on the face.
Stress also plays an important role in human motivation.
Stress also plays an important role in teeth grinding.
Stress also prevents orderly secretion from the pancreas, which is unable to handle the extra load.
Stress also reduces blood flow to the hands, causing cooling.
Stress also reduces performance, lowers morale and therefore productivity.
Stress also results in depressed immune systems, resulting in more frequent illness.
Stress also robs the body of necessary nutrient levels.
Stress also seems to be high on the list of common causes.
Stress also triggers eczema.
Stress also undermines team cooperation.
Stress also weakens the immune system making a person more likely to become sick as well.
Stress also worsens fibromyalgia symptoms.
Stress alters our equilibrium and ferrets can sense the smallest ripple. . .
Stress alters the body's functions and produces all kinds of changes.
Stress appears to also diminish the levels of many essential nutrients in the body.
Stress appears to be a factor in the number and severity of episodes.
Stress appears to be a factor that can exacerbate symptoms.
Stress appears to be an important factor in breaking down the bird's resistance.
Stress appears to be related to an increased production of a hormone called cortisol.
Stress appears to be related to the occurrence of the number of injuries.
Stress appears to increase the risk for a cold regardless of lifestyle or other health habits.
Stress appears to make bighorns susceptible to a variety of bacterial, viral, and fungal infections.
Stress appears to play an important role in clinical cases and the incubation period is variable.
Stress appears to prevent all but the dominant males from achieving reproductive success.
Stress arises as a result of the strain.
Stress arises from time and target constraints.
Stress associated with abortion is acute stress, typically ending with the procedure.
Stress associated with depression encourages physical fatigue and lowers our resistance to illness.
Stress Away is used to counteract the detrimental effects of stress.
Stress becomes a part of our daily life styles.
Stress becomes our constant companion.
Stress begins as soon as the transfer is accepted.
Stress begins when the buyer or seller begins focusing on the little things.
Stress begins with the individual.
Stress boosts bloodstream levels of androgen in women as well as in men.
Stress breaks down organic matter, creating disease.
Stress breaks down our immune system and creates unwanted problems.
Stress breaks down the protective mucous coating on a fish and allows bacteria to gain a foothold.
Stress breaks down the protective mucous coating on a fish and allows parasites to gain a foothold.
Stress breaks down the protective mucous coating on a fish and allows the fungus to gain a foothold.
Stress breaks down the protective mucous coating on a fish and allows the virus to gain a foothold.
Stress breeds stress.
Stress brings a search for stability.
Stress brings chaos and disorganization.
Stress brings on physical illness and injuries.
Stress brings upon different hormone levels.
Stress builds and builds and builds.
Stress builds up in fault zones when crustal blocks stick together.
Stress builds up over time.
Stress builds up until it exceeds the strength along a fault.
Stress builds up, often for very long periods, as the plates move over or past one another.
Stress builds upon stress.
Stress burns up our natural calmness.
Stress can actually damage tissues and worsen heart disease.
Stress can add to the acne problem.
Stress can affect all reflexes.
Stress can affect any body system and aggravate any chronic disease.
Stress can affect children, too.
Stress can affect everything from sleep patterns to job performance to breathing.
Stress can affect our work, health, relationships and, most importantly, our peace of mind.
Stress can affect performance on the tests.
Stress can affect periodontal disease and can make the infection more severe and harder to fight.
Stress can affect the immune system.
Stress can affect the results.
Stress can affect the way people think, act, and feel.
Stress can aggravate acne by increasing the secretion of adrenal hormones.
Stress can aggravate pain, but can also be caused by pain.
Stress can also activate dormant cysts.
Stress can also affect early nutrient uptake and the resulting fruit quality.
Stress can also affect hormone levels and can explain why some adults develop acne.
Stress can also affect the immune system by raising blood pressure.
Stress can also affect the levels of androgens, resulting in further breakouts.
Stress can also affect worker attitudes and behavior.
Stress can also arise from internal factors, as it happens for genetic and chromosomal anomalies.
Stress can also be a contributing factor.
Stress can also be a contributor to asthma episodes.
Stress can also be a factor.
Stress can also be a gift.
Stress can also be a major factor to aging skin.
Stress can also be a side effect of a serious illness or disease.
Stress can also be a side effect of various drugs, medicine, etc.
Stress can also be internal or self-generated by our own expectations of our performance.
Stress can also be overwhelming.
Stress can also be quite difficult to pinpoint.
Stress can also be very destructive.
Stress can also cause a female plant to produce viable seeds without being fertilized.
Stress can also cause a host of problems to the human body, as well as disrupt the digestive system.
Stress can also cause a loss of appetite to the point of anorexia leading to a loss of weight.
Stress can also cause a person to breathe rapidly, or hyperventilate.
Stress can also cause a problem in both hair loss and dandruff.
Stress can also cause hair loss.
Stress can also cause illness indirectly by altering a person's behaviour pattern.
Stress can also cause muscle tension, leading to pain in the neck, back, head, or elsewhere.
Stress can also cause narrowing of the arteries, restricting blood flow to the scalp.
Stress can also cause shortness of breath, acne, sleeplessness or changes in sleep patterns.
Stress can also cause soreness by interfering with sleep.
Stress can also cause the oil glands to kick into overdrive.
Stress can also contribute to sinus problems.
Stress can also deter an employee from coming to work.
Stress can also have an impact on the body in more serious and potentially life threatening ways.
Stress can also increase a yearning for extra snacks and high-fat comfort foods.
Stress can also increase blood pressure that has been shown to be a frequent cause of impotence.
Stress can also increase food needs.
Stress can also increase prolactin levels, so perhaps there are several factors at work.
Stress can also inhibit the aerobic system.
Stress can also intensify or create health concerns.
Stress can also intensify the anxiety.
Stress can also lead to hot flash episodes.
Stress can also lead to serious forms of abuse.
Stress can also make hemorrhoids flare up.
Stress can also make the 'cremasteric reflex' work.
Stress can also manifest itself emotionally, such as sleeplessness preoccupation, and worry.
Stress can also mimic physical illness and the symptom vary in each individual.
Stress can also originate from emotional and psychological causes.
Stress can also play a major role in the relapses of rosacea.
Stress can also play a part in the development of heart disease.
Stress can also play a role in development of heart disease and other serious disorders.
Stress can also play a vital role, so, have recreation.
Stress can also rekindle cravings.
Stress can also result when a person develops a mental illness.
Stress can also serve as an impetus for production and creativity.
Stress can also sometimes aggravate an existing flare-up.
Stress can also sometimes cause ulcers .
Stress can also sometimes cause ulcers.
Stress can also stem from differences in thermal expansion coefficients of different layers.
Stress can also trigger an angina episode.
Stress can also trigger an arrhythmia.
Stress can also trigger psoriasis to appear for the first time or make an existing case more severe.
Stress can also upset feline appetites.
Stress can alter fluid and electrolyte balances and lead to dehydration.
Stress can alter the cholesterol levels even when the diet remains unchanged.
Stress can and does affect every aspect of life.
Stress can arise from accidental or malicious sources.
Stress can arise out of difficulties at home, in relationships, and in the workplace.
Stress can arise through adverse personal inter-relationships.
Stress can be a cause of hair loss.
Stress can be a factor in heart disease, ulcers and high blood pressure.
Stress can be a factor in many gastrointestinal problems.
Stress can be a factor, too.
Stress can be a factor.
Stress can be a good thing or a bad thing.
Stress can be a good thing.
Stress can be a hard one to deal with in the aftermath of childbirth.
Stress can be a huge factor when it comes to bear reproduction.
Stress can be a major cause of inappropriate elimination in cats of all ages.
Stress can be a major factor in a sagging libido.
Stress can be a major factor in infertility.
Stress can be a positive factor if one knows how to control it.
Stress can be a positive force in gifted people.
Stress can be a reaction to people, places, events or things.
Stress can be a risk factor in relationships, safety, and health.
Stress can be a trigger for people with asthma.
Stress can be a wonderful energizer, as any writer faced with a deadline can attest.
Stress can be acute or long-term.
Stress can be acute, or short-term, or chronic, or ongoing.
Stress can be an everyday fact of life.
Stress can be an important factor.
Stress can be any change good or bad.
Stress can be beneficial and dangerous.
Stress can be beneficial as well as harmful.
Stress can be beneficial to a point.
Stress can be both physical and mental.
Stress can be both positive and negative.
Stress can be compressional, tensional, shear, or isostatic.
Stress can be contagious.
Stress can be difficult to understand.
Stress can be either a problem or an opportunity.
Stress can be either acute or long-term.
Stress can be either chronic or acute.
Stress can be either mentally, emotionally, physically, or environmentally induced.
Stress can be either physical or emotional in nature.
Stress can be either positive or negative.
Stress can be external or internal.
Stress can be fatal, read about why here.
Stress can be from several sources.
Stress can be good or bad.
Stress can be habit forming and, as such, it is often triggered without thought.
Stress can be harmful by affecting our physical and emotional health.
Stress can be healthy, if short-lived.
Stress can be healthy.
Stress can be mentally, emotionally, physically, or environmentally induced.
Stress can be particularly hard to recognize in children and teens.
Stress can be physical or mental .
Stress can be physical or mental.
Stress can be positive and negative.
Stress can be positive or negative stress.
Stress can be positive or negative.
Stress can be present in good or bad situations.
Stress can be really rough.
Stress can be seriously injurious to long-term health and color of hair.
Stress can be the kiss of death or the spice of life.
Stress can be the stuff of life.
Stress can be very detrimental.
Stress can be, and often is, quite beneficial.
Stress can become a way of life.
Stress can become destructive.
Stress can become overwhelming, and a sense of helplessness can set in.
Stress can become too much to deal with.
Stress can bring it on too.
Stress can bring on an allergy attack.
Stress can bring on depression or mania in susceptible individuals.
Stress can bring on disease.
Stress can bring tension in the muscles of the body.
Stress can build up, as one thing after another goes wrong in a single day.
Stress can cause . . .
Stress can cause a defective immune system to act up.
Stress can cause a drop in progesterone, a hormone which helps maintain pregnancy.
Stress can cause a heart attack.
Stress can cause a person to become angry or sad.
Stress can cause a plant to age and flower prematurely.
Stress can cause a variety of reactions, many of which are somatic.
Stress can cause acid to build up in our body.
Stress can cause attacks.
Stress can cause backaches but blaming back pain on stress can be dangerous.
Stress can cause backaches, but blaming back pain on stress can be dangerous.
Stress can cause changes in it.
Stress can cause headaches, allergies, asthma, diarrhea, ulcers.
Stress can cause headaches, and a tightening of the muscles in the neck, back, and shoulders.
Stress can cause headaches, too.
Stress can cause health problems too.
Stress can cause heart disease.
Stress can cause heartburn, stomach ulcers, and many other problems.
Stress can cause high blood pressure, skin problems, insomnia, and worse.
Stress can cause hives in certain people, for example, a student facing a particularly tough exam.
Stress can cause hives.
Stress can cause hormone imbalance and make fibroids worse.
Stress can cause illness.
Stress can cause immediate damage or it can build up over time and cause damage later on.
Stress can cause insomnia, but insomnia also increases stress.
Stress can cause large bowel diarrhea in excitable dogs.
Stress can cause many ailments, as there is a link between emotional and physical illness.
Stress can cause many digestive, heart, and nervous problems.
Stress can cause many symptoms on the body.
Stress can cause muscles to tense and can cause distraction - both increase the risk of injury.
Stress can cause our bodies to react unfavorably.
Stress can cause parvo or any other disease to manifest.
Stress can cause physical problems such as depression or headaches.
Stress can cause psychological as well as physical effects.
Stress can cause shock which occurs when the blood circulating system shuts down.
Stress can cause the adrenal glands to produce too little of a hormone called cortisol.
Stress can cause the bird, if it persists to disturb, to pluck until it bleeds.
Stress can cause the blood sugar to rise.
Stress can cause the body s stores of several key nutrients to drop by as much as one-third.
Stress can cause the body to release the hormones adrenaline or noradrenaline .
Stress can cause the coating to craze or even deform the optic.
Stress can cause the levels of a neurotransmitter called noradrenalin to rise.
Stress can cause weight gain or weight loss.
Stress can certainly make PVCs worse.
Stress can certainly raise blood sugars.
Stress can clearly be a major risk factor.
Stress can come disguised in many forms.
Stress can come from a variety of sources.
Stress can come from anything.
Stress can come from noise, an uncomfortable chair, or poor lighting.
Stress can come from painful experiences as it can also result from pleasure.
Stress can come from positive events as well as from negative ones.
Stress can come from the usual things that happen in our lives and from unusual events.
Stress can come from the worry about looking attractive enough.
Stress can come from unrealistic expectations.
Stress can come in all different situations.
Stress can come in many different forms.
Stress can compromise chemical and structural defenses of species.
Stress can continue for weeks, months, even years.
Stress can contribute to high blood pressure which in turn can lead to stroke.
Stress can contribute to illness.
Stress can contribute to premature aging.
Stress can contribute to two common mental illnesses.
Stress can create a breeding ground for illness.
Stress can create deficiencies in many nutrients and vice versa.
Stress can create muscle tension, causing a loss in flexibility that can lead to back pain.
Stress can create unhappiness.
Stress can damage health, cause illness, and create other disruptive symptoms.
Stress can decrease resistance to infection.
Stress can definitely cause health problems.
Stress can definitely produce physical symptoms.
Stress can degrade a person's health.
Stress can deplete our energy and interfere with our concentration.
Stress can deplete the B vitamins as well.
Stress can derail plans and projects very quickly.
Stress can destroy lives or be a prime motivator at work, depending on how it is handled.
Stress can do a number on a person.
Stress can drive the process too hard, causing the nasal lining to produce more mucus than it needs.
Stress can effect virtually every aspect of our lives, so it is important to manage it properly.
Stress can either shorten or lengthen the menstrual cycle.
Stress can elevate blood sugar values due to the action of various hormones.
Stress can equal success with the help of a few easy to learn techniques.
Stress can even affect the body physically.
Stress can even affect the skin and complexion.
Stress can even be enjoyable.
Stress can even cause a gecko who normally has no trouble shedding to have a poor shed.
Stress can even play a role.
Stress can even propel some people to achieve things they never thought possible.
Stress can exacerbate psoriasis, as can heavy drinking and smoking.
Stress can fall only on a single long syllable or resolved syllables.
Stress can figure in the seizure formula.
Stress can generate the energy that motivates.
Stress can have a dramatic impact on the immune system.
Stress can have a lot to do with the lack of a pregnancy.
Stress can have a negative impact on sperm quality.
Stress can have a significant impact on personal health.
Stress can have a very damaging effect on our health.
Stress can have an important role as a trigger of acute ischemic attacks.
Stress can have many effects on the body and mind.
Stress can have the potential to cause disease, even death.
Stress can help increase performance but to much can also slow it down.
Stress can help people develop their resiliency.
Stress can hinder conception, even if the stress stems from the trying.
Stress can hit people at any age and is affecting a growing number of people in Sussex.
Stress can hit without warning.
Stress can imbalance self-control and increase making frequent poor food choices.
Stress can impair the ability to perform mentally.
Stress can increase blood glucose levels.
Stress can increase symptoms.
Stress can increase the reflux of acid particularly if it occurs during or after meals.
Stress can induce a lytic response.
Stress can induce hair loss as can dieting or a poor diet generally.
Stress can influence mental flexibility.
Stress can initiate dermatological conditions such as itchy skin and rashes.
Stress can interfere with the hormones needed to assist in sperm production.
Stress can irritate asthma and gastrointestinal disorders like ulcers and irritable bowel syndrome.
Stress can kill it.
Stress can kill wildlife if over handled, especially babies.
Stress can kill.
Stress can lead first to intermittent and then to constant high blood pressure.
Stress can lead to a headache or other symptoms.
Stress can lead to alcohol , drug abuse and bad eating habits.
Stress can lead to depression, particularly for the chronic pain sufferer and their caregivers.
Stress can lead to flamingos being more susceptible to other causes of death.
Stress can lead to forceful voice production, resulting in possible tissue damage.
Stress can lead to hair loss.
Stress can lead to high blood pressure, one of the main causes of heart disease.
Stress can lead to many physical and mental difficulties if ignored.
Stress can lead to many things.
Stress can lead to more serious hlth problems.
Stress can lead to or exacerbate medical conditions.
Stress can lead to or worsen emotional and physical symptoms.
Stress can lead to overeating, and being overweight is stressful.
Stress can lead to poorer heats and subsequent delays in conception.
Stress can lead to productive living and greater effectiveness when used wisely.
Stress can lead to thinning of the bones.
Stress can limit our productivity and shorten our lives.
Stress can literally burn our bodies out prematurely.
Stress can lower resistance to disease by suppressing the immune system.
Stress can make a difference, too.
Stress can make a yeast infection worse.
Stress can make even simple requests feel like unmanageable demands.
Stress can make hives even worse.
Stress can make many conditions worse, including acne, psoriasis and eczema.
Stress can make miserable the lives of many, and often there seems to be no relief.
Stress can make people with mental illness vulnerable to relapse.
Stress can make some people have more frequent migraine headaches.
Stress can make spasms more severe.
Stress can manifest itself as a headache, pain, and even anger.
Stress can manifest itself in a variety of ways.
Stress can manifest itself in ways psychological, physiological and behavioral.
Stress can negatively impact the professional's work, performance, and client services.
Stress can occur on any syllable.
Stress can occur on both sides.
Stress can occur when an unplanned pregnancy arises at a difficult time.
Stress can often affect the immune system, so it's important that it is always kept at a minimum.
Stress can often be a contributing factor to insomnia.
Stress can often be a daily part of our lives.
Stress can often be the result of feeling out of control.
Stress can oftentimes lead to physical symptoms and cause dysfunctional workplaces.
Stress can overwhelm farmers and their families.
Stress can play a big part in how long a captive mouse lives.
Stress can play a factor.
Stress can prevent pregnancy from occurring .
Stress can produce either negative or positive reactions.
Stress can produce frustration which increases annoyance and irritation.
Stress can promote hormonal changes and cause flareups.
Stress can pull bone away from the growth plate, ripping the bone.
Stress can really affect a person with diabetes.
Stress can reduce appetite in the short run.
Stress can reduce efficiency and accuracy of work.
Stress can reduce gastric acidity even further.
Stress can reduce milk production.
Stress can reduce the body's reserves of minerals, as can caffeine and other diuretics.
Stress can reduce their lifespan.
Stress can refer to physical effort as well as mental tension.
Stress can release hormones which can make people susceptible to blood clotting.
Stress can result from a move to a new home, starting a new school, or the birth of a sibling.
Stress can result from either internal or external factors, or a combination of both.
Stress can result from improper reactions to life's smallest to largest problems.
Stress can result in depression, anxiety and illness.
Stress can result in high testosterone levels.
Stress can result in occupational accidents due to a lack of concentration.
Stress can result in the heightened activity of many body organs.
Stress can rob scarce energy reserves.
Stress can send ripples of discontent and dysfunction throughout many facets of our lives.
Stress can serve to develop and nurture character.
Stress can set up a tension within the individual, resulting in anxiety.
Stress can shorten the life expectancy of guppies.
Stress can show itself in bodily changes and emotional, cognitive, and behavioral reactions.
Stress can show up in the form of an inability to concentrate, forgetfulness, and poor judgement.
Stress can slow brain development.
Stress can slow down brain growth.
Stress can slow down digestion and trigger inflammation.
Stress can sometimes throw off a woman's menstrual cycle, making ovulation hard to predict.
Stress can suppress the immune system.
Stress can take a physical toll on children as well as adults.
Stress can take a toll on the firm's financial health.
Stress can take it's toll on our bodies.
Stress can take many forms.
Stress can take the form of any challenge or hazard.
Stress can then lead to a damaged immune system leaving the whales more susceptible to infection.
Stress can then trigger secondary problems, such as poor growth, poor reproduction and diseases.
Stress can therefore be a major cause in the deterioration of good health.
Stress can trigger a gas attack.
Stress can trigger episodes.
Stress can trigger headaches and tummyaches.
Stress can trigger hot flashes.
Stress can trigger manic attacks.
Stress can trigger outbreaks even when populations of lesion nematodes are low.
Stress can trigger physical injuries.
Stress can truly make one ill-emotionally and physically.
Stress can upset a person physically and mentally.
Stress can vary continuously throughout a structural member.
Stress can worsen feelings of fatigue.
Stress can wreak havoc on our immune system.
Stress can, in fact, be positive.
Stress Catch up on readings.
Stress caused by a loss or devastating experience can take several forms.
Stress caused by bereavement, loneliness, finances and ill health can contribute to sleeplessness.
Stress caused by exhaustion can make a new pet sick.
Stress caused by fearful and panicked animals increases meat quality problems.
Stress caused by frequent lack of sleep also contributes to acquiring the disease.
Stress caused by new surroundings can cause fatal birth complications.
Stress caused by overwatering or lack of water can lead to increased root rot disease.
Stress caused by too many demands and too few resources can contribute to abuse.
Stress causes a complex psychophysiological chain reaction in the human body.
Stress causes a desire to breathes.
Stress causes a desire to dreams.
Stress causes a difficulty in falling asleep or remaining asleep for many people.
Stress causes a hair bulb to shred.
Stress causes a number of illnesses in employees.
Stress causes a return to earlier behavior patterns throughout the animal kingdom.
Stress causes a weakened immune system and the potenial for illness.
Stress causes an increase in adrenaline production and adrenaline causes the breathing to increase.
Stress causes battering.
Stress causes blood vessels to consrict, making heart and blood vessels overwork.
Stress causes breakouts.
Stress causes burn-out.
Stress causes circles under the eyes, as well as stimulating the sebaceous glands, triggering acne.
Stress causes depression.
Stress causes depressions.
Stress causes domestic assault.
Stress causes drug use.
Stress causes facial muscles to become tense and pull the skin unevenly.
Stress causes fatigue, which often results in a decreased interest in sex.
Stress causes fatigue.
Stress causes free radicals.
Stress causes headaches, insomnia, migraines, fatigue, and so on.
Stress causes headaches.
Stress causes health and social problems when people fail to handle it properly.
Stress causes heart attacks.
Stress causes high blood pressure.
Stress causes imbalance and crying restores balance.
Stress causes increases in the adrenal gland hormones including corticosteroids and catecholamines.
Stress causes many problems.
Stress causes mental disorders, therefore stress is bad.
Stress causes more medical problems than all other causes.
Stress causes most of the damage.
Stress causes much worse body odor than physical exertion.
Stress causes muscles to tighten, resulting in neck or shoulder pain and headaches.
Stress causes obesity in humans.
Stress causes one third of American workers to seriously consider quitting.
Stress causes other health problems, too.
Stress causes people to take shallow, incomplete breaths.
Stress causes permanent hair loss.
Stress causes physical complications, such as hypertension, cardiac difficulty, and headaches.
Stress causes sickness and sickness creates more employee absence.
Stress causes sleep deprivation, irritability and even panic attacks.
Stress causes some persons to lose, others to gain.
Stress causes tension and tension zaps emotional and physical energy.
Stress causes tension at the end of the work day, and it's hard to leave it at the station.
Stress causes the blood vessels, including the coronary arteries, to constrict, or tighten.
Stress causes the body to create free radicals.
Stress causes the body to produce more adrenal hormones, especially adrenaline.
Stress causes the body to use up nutrients and at the same time people often start eating poorly.
Stress causes the muscles in the back to tighten or spasm.
Stress causes ulcer.
Stress certainly seems to be an inescapable element of modern life.
Stress Check out eight tips for reducing a stress overload.
Stress chin over the toes, vigorous arm movement, leverage foot and head up as they sprint forward.
Stress clearly affects physical, mental, emotional and social well-being.
Stress clearly can enhance the pain experience tremendously.
Stress combined with a bad diet can induce anovulatory cycles.
Stress comes from a variety of sources.
Stress comes from everyday life.
Stress comes from many different directions when a person enters the college life.
Stress comes from many sources, diet, fatigue, emotions, bowel distress.
Stress comes from many sources.
Stress comes from our reactions or interpretations of situations.
Stress comes from sudden storms.
Stress comes from the many parts of a teenagers life.
Stress comes from the outside, such as a deadline or expectation.
Stress comes from the outside, while pressure is an inside job.
Stress comes from the outside.
Stress comes in all shapes and sizes.
Stress comes in all the different forms.
Stress comes in many different forms and at many different times.
Stress comes in many forms.
Stress comes out in funny ways.
Stress comes out of the person-situation interaction.
Stress comes when there is a crossover from one job description to another.
Stress congests the liver and constricts the blood vessels.
Stress continues to be a major problem for many workers.
Stress continues to build along the entire fault as one plate attempts to move along the other.
Stress continues to build up.
Stress contributes to breakouts, especially in adults.
Stress contributes to headaches, high blood pressure and insomnia.
Stress contributes to heart disease, high blood pressure, strokes and other illnesses.
Stress contributes to muscle tension, and perpetuation of the pain cycle.
Stress contributes to numerous mental disorders and impairs cognition.
Stress contributes to the pain because it makes the muscles tense.
Stress coping strategies are different for each person.
Stress costs companies thousands of dollars each year in lost time and insurance claims.
Stress costs organizations dearly in terms of decreased quality and productivity.
Stress crack around left ankle.
Stress crack on backpack.
Stress crack resistance and useful temperature range also vary with crystalline structure.
Stress crack resistance.
Stress creates a multitude of roadblocks to dreamland.
Stress creates a tendency to breathe shallow.
Stress creates an excellent breeding ground for illness.
Stress creates chemical changes in the brain and can turn the sweetest person into a monster.
Stress creates less margin for error for nutrition's contribution to physiological maintenance.
Stress creates the expression of disorders and deficits.
Stress creates undue wear and tear on the individual as well as the company.
Stress decreases immune function.
Stress decreases the body's ability to fight infection.
Stress decreases the quality of life by reducing feelings of pleasure and accomplishment.
Stress definitly is a factor.
Stress depletes crucial nutrients and creates a higher demand for specific vitamins and minerals.
Stress depletes essential energy reserves.
Stress depletes serotonin.
Stress depresses the immune mechanism, thus increasing our chances of contracting cancer.
Stress destroys the peace within.
Stress deteriorates interpersonal relationships.
Stress develops in the lacquer layer.
Stress diminishes live weight gains, mainly because of a decrease in fat deposition.
Stress directly affects birth rates.
Stress directly produces that alteration.
Stress disrupts the circadian rhythms of the body, as does depression.
Stress does have a cumulative effect on the body.
Stress does have a lasting effect and does cause harm.
Stress does hinder, but always have hope and support.
Stress does increase the blood sugar level.
Stress does make blood pressure go up, but only temporarily.
Stress drains energy and reduces effectiveness.
Stress drives crime, domestic violence, drug dependency.
Stress drives it up.
Stress drop reduction in stress across a fault, e.g. caused by an earthquake.
Stress drops from earthquakes.
Stress eats at the sailors in many subtle ways.
Stress elevates blood sugar levels, and yoga reduces stress.
Stress elevates blood sugars in people.
Stress erodes performance and can make everything worse.
Stress even plays a role in how well a person can resist disease.
Stress exacerbates everything.
Stress exacerbates hair loss, increases wrinkles.
Stress exerted is proportional to the sub-gridscale variance of topography and the wind speed.
Stress exists in every aspect of life.
Stress exists in many forms.
Stress falls on the first syllable of a word.
Stress falls under two categories, positive and negative.
Stress flows into our lives automatically.
Stress gets a bad name.
Stress gets a bad rap.
Stress gets the adrenaline working.
Stress gives way to deep relaxation.
Stress gives way to the clarity, creativity and concentration to make more of their time.
Stress goes down and interruptions are fewer.
Stress goes down compared to the alone group.
Stress goes down, enjoyment of life goes up.
Stress goes straight to the weakest link.
Stress goes up when participants are overwhelmed by a large number of people to interact with.
Stress goes up when participants are self-conscious of their appearance on monitors.
Stress graded lumber is readily available for stud bracing.
Stress greatly increases that rigidity, often producing group tracking.
Stress happens every day, and it is part of every living thing's normal life.
Stress happens for lots of reasons.
Stress happens for real to participants and all stakeholders.
Stress has a detrimental effect on one's health.
Stress has a detrimental effect on performance.
Stress has a dramatic and very real influence on our lives and the lives of our koi.
Stress has a physiological effect on the body which makes the urine acidic.
Stress has an important impact on itching.
Stress has an optimum level for learning anything.
Stress has both good and bad sides.
Stress has greater impact if there is no social support buffer.
Stress has lesser effects on diabetes, immune function and brain aging.
Stress has lesser effects on diabetes, immune function, and brain aging.
Stress has many different meanings.
Stress has many forms.
Stress has many negative effects on the body.
Stress has many sources.
Stress has negative consequences for health.
Stress has no effect on the development of heart disease.
Stress has no place in a program to combat candida.
Stress has sexually dimorphic effects on pair bonding in prairie voles.
Stress hastens bipolar relapse.
Stress hastens the dying process.
Stress Helps to relieve the stress associated with abuse on body, mind and spirit.
Stress hinders digestion and the cleansing process.
Stress hits everyone at school.
Stress impacts health.
Stress impacts the body's immune system leading to prolonged illness and fatigue.
Stress impairs the immune system, and can increase animals' susceptibility to disease.
Stress imparted unequally can in most alloys cause a decrease in strength and durability.
Stress implies weakness, defensiveness, failure.
Stress includes anything that adversely affecu a fish.
Stress includes such feelings as anxiety, worry and apprehension.
Stress includes things like starvation, and other threats to homeostasis .
Stress increase abnormal sperm i.
Stress increase stomach acid production and decreases blood flow.
Stress increases both the severity and duration of bruxism while asleep.
Stress increases catecholamines, which cause platelets to stick together.
Stress increases cortisol production.
Stress increases heart rate and blood pressure, raising excitement levels.
Stress increases heart rate and blood pressure.
Stress increases levels of certain hormones.
Stress increases levels of cortisol, which in turn can reduce the number of fighter white cells.
Stress increases muscle tension, pain and feelings of helplessness, frustration and depression.
Stress increases muscular tension.
Stress increases on up-glacier side of obstacles, increases rate of creep.
Stress increases pain.
Stress increases risk of cardiovascular disease, psychological disorders, and workplace injury.
Stress increases symptoms.
Stress increases the heart rate as much as heavy physical exercise.
Stress increases the metabolism of proteins, fats and carbohydrates.
Stress increases the metabolism of proteins, fats, and carbohydrates.
Stress increases the rate of wear and tear the body experiences.
Stress increases the risk of becoming ill by lowering our resistance to disease.
Stress increases the risk of heart disease, a major complication of hyperlipidemia.
Stress increases the secretion of all hormones listed.
Stress increases the secretory products of rat nasal mucosa goblet cells.
Stress increases with the approach of a project deadline.
Stress inhibits learning and memory, our ability to function optimally and live joy-filled lives.
Stress injures the liver system, and the free flow of qi is blocked.
Stress interferes with health and vitality.
Stress interferes with herbicide performance, and weed control is much reduced.
Stress interferes with the body's natural flow of energy.
Stress interferes with the immune response and lowers immunity.
Stress interferes with the physiological processes involved in healing.
Stress interrelationships among environmental spheres.
Stress irritates the immature digestive system, causing baby to spit up and increases diaper rashes.
Stress is a barrier to the body's return to a normal state of equilibrium.
Stress is a beneficial agent to change but too much stress is detrimental to any environment.
Stress is a big factor as well.
Stress is a big issue across all age groups because of the restructuring of a lifestyle.
Stress is a biggy.
Stress is a biochemical response to perceived threat.
Stress is a biochemical response to performance.
Stress is a bowl full of whole grain dough or a triple batch of oatmeal chocolate chip cookies.
Stress IS a choice.
Stress is a classic source of fatigue.
Stress is a combination of factors that affect each individual differently.
Stress is a common cause and exacerbator of high blood pressure.
Stress is a common cause of insomnia.
Stress is a common element in everyday life.
Stress is a common exacerbating factor for epilepsy in many persons.
Stress is a common factor in many diseases.
Stress is a common factor in relapse.
Stress is a common factor that all couples planning a wedding share.
Stress is a common factor.
Stress is a common holiday experience for adults and children alike.
Stress is a common medical problem, and walking is a natural way to help manage it.
Stress is a common part of everyday life and can be beneficial in some situations.
Stress is a common problem that can affect anyone at any time.
Stress is a common thing that is experienced in our everyday lives.
Stress is a common, all too common fact in our lives.
Stress is a common.
Stress is a complex of different factors and apparently has a real influence on health.
Stress is a complex phenomenon.
Stress is a compounding factor.
Stress is a condition that affects both the body and the mind.
Stress is a constant and essential part of daily living.
Stress is a constant for most victims of stalking.
Stress is a constant problem.
Stress is a continuing issue, as policing becomes more complex and dangerous.
Stress is a contributing factor.
Stress is a contributory cause of many illnesses as well as having negative social consequences.
Stress is a contributory factor to fish in the overall lowering of general health.
Stress is a culprit in many health problems.
Stress is a daily factor for many people, especially college students.
Stress is a definite factor or triggering mechanism in most cases.
Stress is a demand for adaptation and is necessary for growth.
Stress is a duality.
Stress is a fact of life for many refugees .
Stress is a fact of life for women.
Stress is a fact of life, especially during one s college years.
Stress is a fact of life.
Stress is a fact.
Stress is a factor in communications as well.
Stress is a factor in everyone's life, but when illness strikes it only seems to make matters worse.
Stress is a factor in most degenerative illnesses, and most chronic mental conditions.
Stress is a factor on the job.
Stress is a familiar companion when one has a midterm the day following an away game.
Stress is a feeling of tension as the body's response to a perceived physical or emotional threat.
Stress is a figment of our imagination.
Stress is a force applied over a specific area of a rock so as to compress it.
Stress is a force per unit area, while a strain is a deformation.
Stress is a function of force divided by area.
Stress is a general term for a lot of specific problems that affect the mind and body.
Stress is a given.
Stress is a highly emotional experience.
Stress is a huge cause of acne.
Stress is a human cost of the risky business of farming.
Stress is a inescapable part of daily living.
Stress is a killer for anyone with irritable bowel.
Stress is a killer, guys.
Stress is a killer.
Stress is a kind of worried feeling about life or work.
Stress is a large component of living with any child with special needs.
Stress is a leading cause of energy blockage which leads to pain and disease.
Stress is a leading cause to other well known illnesses.
Stress is a life event or situation that causes imbalance in an individual's life.
Stress is a limiting factor in assisted reproduction in wild animals maintained in captivity.
Stress is a major cause of both migraine and tension-type headache.
Stress is a major cause of illness and aging.
Stress is a major cause of impotence.
Stress is a major cause of job dissatisfaction, burnout, and even work injury.
Stress is a major cause of worsening of psoriasis.
Stress is a major contributing factor in all disease.
Stress is a major contributing factor in many of today ' s debilitating diseases and death.
Stress is a major factor in allergies.
Stress is a major factor in heart disease.
Stress is a major factor in heightening symptoms.
Stress is a major factor in many people's lives.
Stress is a major factor in most such psychosomatic complaints.
Stress is a major factor in teeth grinding and clinching.
Stress is a major factor in the body's own healing time.
Stress is a major factor in the breakdown of the body.
Stress is a major factor in the manufacture and release of excess cholesterol by the body.
Stress is a major factor increasing pain perception.
Stress is a major health concern that affects everybody.
Stress is a major health concern that is associated with heart disease.
Stress is a major health problem.
Stress is a major muscle eater, so stay away from stress.
Stress is a major problem and it effects many people.
Stress is a major problem in our culture.
Stress is a major problem in the lives of college students.
Stress is a major problem in the United States.
Stress is a major problem that exists in everybody.
Stress is a measure of the internal force an object is experiencing per unit cross sectional area.
Stress is a measure of the load carried across some area of material.
Stress is a measure of the mismatch between the two kinds of distance.
Stress is a medical term that describes how the human body reacts when it fears it is under attack.
Stress is a mental and hormonal response to the pressure of outside events or internal problems.
Stress is a mental illness.
Stress is a mental, physical and behavioral response to a variety of stimuli.
Stress is a mind state.
Stress is a monster that attacks every part of the body.
Stress is a natural and normal part of children s lives.
Stress is a natural aspect of the sound of individual words.
Stress is a natural biological response to unusual demands.
Stress is a natural consequence of human interaction.
Stress is a natural part of day to day living.
Stress is a natural part of everyday life.
Stress is a natural part of going to college, of studying, of taking exams, of writing papers.
Stress is a natural part of life.
Stress is a natural part of our lives.
Stress is a natural part of the work environment.
Stress is a natural reaction to everyday challenges and changes.
Stress is a natural reaction to fear.
Stress is a natural response to an event with uncertain results.
Stress is a natural response to upsetting situations and events.
Stress is a natural response.
Stress is a natural, often stimulating part of anyone's existence.
Stress is a natural, unavoidable part of life.
Stress is a necessary incident to being alive.
Stress is a necessary part of life.
Stress is a neglected factor in addressing weight loss.
Stress is a non specific demand on the body by positive and negative forces.
Stress is a normal part of being alive.
Stress is a normal part of college life.
Stress is a normal part of every living thing 's daily life .
Stress is a normal part of every living thing's daily life.
Stress is a normal part of everyday living and helps make life interesting and meaningful.
Stress is a normal part of everyone's life.
Stress is a normal part of life and all situations, both positive and negative.
Stress is a normal part of life at home or on the job.
Stress is a normal part of life.
Stress is a normal part of our everyday life.
Stress is a normal reaction to an abnormal situation.
Stress is a normal reaction to life for people of all ages.
Stress is a normal reaction to the demands of infertility.
Stress is a normal reaction.
Stress is a normalized elongation.
Stress is a number of normal reactions for self-preservation.
Stress is a part of all of our lives.
Stress is a part of all our lives, be it at home or the workplace.
Stress is a part of burnout, but here's the important difference.
Stress is a part of every student s daily life.
Stress is a part of everyday work and personal life.
Stress is a part of everyone s life.
Stress is a part of everyone's life, no matter what people think.
Stress is a part of everyones life.
Stress is a part of life in law enforcement.
Stress is a part of life itself.
Stress is a part of life that is unavoidable.
Stress is a part of life, and everyone learns how to manage it or suffers the consequences.
Stress is a part of life, but there are ways to cope with it.
Stress is a part of life.
Stress is a part of living.
Stress is a part of our every day life.
Stress is a part of the game, but it can take a toll.
Stress is a part of the human experience.
Stress is a perception.
Stress is a person s physical and emotional response to change.
Stress is a person's reaction to something considered a challenge or a threat.
Stress is a pervasive twentieth century phenomena, a frequent companion to nurses.
Stress is a physical condition.
Stress is a popular explanation for illness in North America.
Stress is a potential barrier to self-belief and realising our inner power.
Stress is a potential risk factor for the onset of heart disease.
Stress is a powerful word that affects our lives dramatically.
Stress is a precipitating factor.
Stress is a presence in every aspect of college living.
Stress is a primary cause of overeating and weight gain.
Stress is a problem that everybody faces, especially college students.
Stress is a process that builds.
Stress is a product of needing to control.
Stress is a proven trigger of herpes outbreaks.
Stress is a reaction to a perceived threat.
Stress is a reaction to any event in our lives.
Stress is a reaction to fear of the unknown.
Stress is a real deterrent to learning.
Stress is a real issue and more and more employees are coming forward for stress consultations.
Stress is a resistance to living in the present moment.
Stress is a response of the body to a variety of internal and external stimuli.
Stress is a response or reaction to change.
Stress is a response to a situation, rather than the situation itself.
Stress is a response to living.
Stress is a restrictive, confining emotion and it interferes with proper nerve function.
Stress is a result of brain waves operating at a higher frequency.
Stress is a result of fear.
Stress is a result of positive and negative experiences.
Stress is a retardant to the immune system.
Stress is a risk factor for heart disease.
Stress is a selling point.
Stress is a serious factor in perception and expression.
Stress is a signal that something needs to change.
Stress is a silent killer and a joy stealer.
Stress is a sneaky little guy.
Stress is a somewhat cyclical trap that serves to create more stress while it perpetuates struggle.
Stress is a source of energy that can be directed towards useful purposes.
Stress is a term used to describe the body and mind's reaction to everyday tensions and pressures.
Stress is a thug enjoying recent royal privilege.
Stress is a trigger for many headaches.
Stress is a trigger for PVCs, and caffeine is another common trigger.
Stress is a trouble that causes anxiety in a person.
Stress is a twisting force.
Stress is a useful tool.
Stress is a very natural and important part of life.
Stress is a very real part of air travel.
Stress is a way our bodies and minds react to life's difficult moments.
Stress is a work style here.
Stress is A. force per unit area.
Stress is acidic.
Stress is actually a natural reaction of the human body.
Stress is actually a normal, healthy reaction to life's challenges.
Stress is actually the single most commonly identified trigger of migraine attacks.
Stress is additive and cumulative.
Stress is again on preserving family unit.
Stress is aggravated.
Stress is alive and well and back in the gold market.
Stress is all about attitude.
Stress is alleviated and the client leaves feeling much more centered and relaxed.
Stress is alleviated by mutual support from close friends.
Stress is almost always due to being out of balance.
Stress is also a common precursor of psychological diffi-culties such as anxiety and depression.
Stress is also a contributing factor, so find time to relax.
Stress is also a contributing factor.
Stress is also a contributor to premature aging.
Stress is also a factor, so it is important to keep stress levels down.
Stress is also a factor.
Stress is also a key element of the loss of business productivity.
Stress is also a major concern among the residents, one that extends to the other shelters.
Stress is also a major factor in any illness.
Stress is also a risk factor for depression and suicide.
Stress is also a trigger, upping the ante for domestic violence during the holidays.
Stress is also an important variable tobe considered in adjustment.
Stress is also an indicator of boundaries.
Stress is also high for management.
Stress is also one of the reasons given for when the actual psychotic episode occurs.
Stress is also the main cause of a deteriorating slime coat that protects the fish.
Stress is always a bad thing.
Stress is always a concern, though.
Stress is always just around the corner.
Stress is always on exclusive designs with hand embroidery.
Stress is always on the first syllable.
Stress is always present in construction projects.
Stress is always present in life.
Stress is always the danger.
Stress is an abnormal condition that disrupts the normal functions of the body or mind.
Stress is an adaptive response.
Stress is an automatic reaction.
Stress is an effect of life change.
Stress is an element of nature that affects every individual.
Stress is an enemy of creativity.
Stress is an enemy.
Stress is an essential component of life.
Stress is an essential part of life.
Stress is an ever-present reality.
Stress is an everyday experience for captive birds.
Stress is an everyday fact of life.
Stress is an everyday fact.
Stress is an everyday part of legal life.
Stress is an everyday part of many of our lives.
Stress is an exceedingly important area of concern for anyone who has suffered a heart attack.
Stress is an excellent example.
Stress is an huge factor.
Stress is an ignorant state.
Stress is an important component in psychological dysfunction.
Stress is an important factor in life quality.
Stress is an important factor in muscle contraction or tension-type headache.
Stress is an important factor in the reactivation of latent virus in carriers.
Stress is an important factor when trying to physically get to sleep in the first place.
Stress is an indicator in the onset of bleeding.
Stress is an individual reaction.
Stress is an industrial issue that unions and members can take action on.
Stress is an inescapable part of life.
Stress is an inescapable reality of daily work life.
Stress is an inevitable component of modern lifestyle.
Stress is an inevitable part of college life.
Stress is an inevitable part of daily life.
Stress is an inevitable part of leading busy lives of balancing school, family and jobs.
Stress is an inevitable part of life affecting health, productivity, and relationships.
Stress is an inevitable part of life.
Stress is an inevitable part of living.
Stress is an inside job, an internal response to an external cue.
Stress is an integral part of life.
Stress is an integral part of our urban lifestyle.
Stress is an integral part of the college experience.
Stress is an issue of major concern to employers and employees today.
Stress is an obvious example.
Stress is an overload to the nervous system.
Stress is an unavoidable and necessary part of life.
Stress is an unavoidable aspect of life.
Stress is an unavoidable consequence of every-day life.
Stress is an unavoidable consequence of life but is totally necessary.
Stress is an unavoidable consequence of life.
Stress is an unavoidable fact of life.
Stress is an unavoidable part of life.
Stress is an unavoidale consequence of life.
Stress is an underlying factor in the development of disease.
Stress is an unending aspect of life.
Stress is another common cause so take up yoga and actively make efforts to relax.
Stress is another common trigger.
Stress is another condition associated with platelet aggregation.
Stress is another culprit of diarrhea and other health ailments.
Stress is another culprit of flare-ups.
Stress is another culprit.
Stress is another demon in the battle for clear skin.
Stress is another factor involved in the choice of suicide.
Stress is another factor linked to hair loss.
Stress is another factor of concern.
Stress is another factor that can cause tension in the head.
Stress is another factor that is related to large numbers of organisms.
Stress is another factor thought to affect reproductive strategy.
Stress is another factor which can bring on an attack of asthma.
Stress is another factor, which can bring on an attack of asthma.
Stress is another form of indigestion.
Stress is another key factor in the illness.
Stress is another part of everyday life.
Stress is another reason people avoid work.
Stress is another recurrent theme.
Stress is any event, positive or negative, that causes physical, mental or emotional response.
Stress is any physical or mental demand placed on a person.
Stress is any physical or mental response made on an individual .
Stress is any situation that evokes negative thoughts and feelings in a person.
Stress is anything that energizes or creates tension for our bodies.
Stress is arousal of mind and body in resonse to demands made upon it.
Stress is as American as apple pie.
Stress is as much of a disease for humans as any other pathogen.
Stress is associated with heart attacks, cancer, the common cold, and cardiovascular disease.
Stress is associated with heart disease and some cancers.
Stress is associated with high blood pressure.
Stress is assumed to cause mental health.
Stress is at the heart of many diseases.
Stress is based on unusual experience.
Stress is basically the body's nonspecific response to any demand.
Stress is believed to be an important factor in high blood pressure.
Stress is believed to have the same effect on our human brains and bodies.
Stress is blamed for nearly every malady afflicting man, beast and koi.
Stress is both a distraction and a real energy killer that can handicap performance.
Stress is both a negative and positive factor.
Stress is both additive and cumulative.
Stress is both psychological and physical.
Stress is brought on with every project, experiment, and essay assigned to the student.
Stress is built up from boredom, lack of exercise, physical restriction, or physical punishment.
Stress is by far the most common headache trigger.
Stress is by no means a universal factor in causing peptic ulcer disorders.
Stress is caused by a variety of situations and is characterized by red flushing and itching.
Stress is caused by an outside source such as a difficult exam which then processed by the brain.
Stress is caused by any type of demand.
Stress is caused by emotions, chiefly fear.
Stress is caused by fear.
Stress is caused by many different factors.
Stress is caused by many factors in a student's life.
Stress is caused by many outside influences and it is unknown why the brain reacts the way it does.
Stress is caused by more than a hectic schedule or overly tense muscles, however.
Stress is caused by something else entirely.
Stress is caused by the body's instinct to defend itself.
Stress is caused by the inner self being constricted, being forced into a box.
Stress is caused by the outside world.
Stress is caused by the release of the hormone cortisol in the bloodstream.
Stress is caused by too much to do with too little time in which to do it.
Stress is caused when there is a disconnect between our expectation and our reality.
Stress is certainly transmittable from animal to animal and species to species.
Stress is clearly a major issue for workers across the country.
Stress is closely related to nutrition.
Stress is colored by previous experiences, conditioning, and the character of the noise itself.
Stress is common for all family members.
Stress is complex, often overwhelming.
Stress is composed of stressors and stress responses.
Stress is considered a cause for smoking by many people.
Stress is considered a factor in development of disease and cancer.
Stress is considered a major contributor to high blood pressure.
Stress is considered alone and in combination with known toxic chemicals.
Stress is considered an important precipitating factor for seizures.
Stress is costly.
Stress is created by trying to manage thoughts with other thoughts.
Stress is created when the body adjusts to the external demands placed on it.
Stress is credited as the source of every ailment.
Stress is cumulative and as stress builds up it causes an increase in blood pressure and heart rate.
Stress is cumulative and high levels of stress keep the adrenal glands busy.
Stress is cumulative and it is very personal.
Stress is cumulative.
Stress is dangerous.
Stress is defined as a feeling of tension that is both emotional and physical.
Stress is defined as a load applied to a unit area of material.
Stress is defined as a mentally or emotionally disruptive or disquieting influence.
Stress is defined as a perceived substantial imbalance between demand and response consequences.
Stress is defined as a physical, mental or emotional tension.
Stress is defined as any event that a person perceives as threatening or harmful.
Stress is defined as any mental or physical demand that is placed on a person.
Stress is defined as force per unit area.
Stress is defined as the amount of force per unit area.
Stress is definitely an adrenaline rush.
Stress is definitely part of the problem.
Stress is destructive to our body, disorganizing to our mind, and disabling to our spirit.
Stress is detrimental to our health.
Stress is different from pressure.
Stress is different in everyone, and everyone has a different threshold for tolerating stress.
Stress is differential pressure.
Stress is difficult to avoid since students are under pressure to perform well and meet deadlines.
Stress is difficult to define or measure.
Stress is difficult to escape in the modern world but, sadly, it can cause infertility.
Stress is difficult to measure, because people react differently to similar circumstances.
Stress is difficult to measure, but it has the overall effect of weakening the immune system.
Stress is difficulty.
Stress is distributed over a much larger area of the fastener.
Stress is dysphoria.
Stress is easier to handle now.
Stress is easy to deal with when it s in an atmosphere like here.
Stress is elusive.
Stress is emphasis.
Stress is encountered in almost every aspect of our lives.
Stress is epidemic in American life.
Stress is epidemic in the western world.
Stress is epidemic in the workplace today.
Stress is epidemics.
Stress is essential to life.
Stress is everywhere and is unavoidable .
Stress is everywhere and seems to be a recent phenomenon.
Stress is everywhere in our lives and it is essential to develop and integrate coping strategies.
Stress is everywhere.
Stress is evident.
Stress is examined from biological, psychological, and social perspectives.
Stress is expensive.
Stress is familiar.
Stress is far more basic to health than is diet.
Stress is fatigue for psychics.
Stress is fear.
Stress is felt among children and adults alike.
Stress is first a physical response, and physical responses require physical countermeasures.
Stress is first and foremost a necessary part of our lives.
Stress is force divided by area.
Stress is force imposed on rocks.
Stress is force per unit area, either of contact or cross-section, depending on the test.
Stress is forces.
Stress is found everywhere.
Stress is found to raise risk of a heart attack.
Stress is frequently a contributing factor.
Stress is fundamental to adventure activities.
Stress is generally different for each individual.
Stress is generated by fear of the unknown, and by new demands and challenges.
Stress is given to Christian encouragement, supporting other caregivers.
Stress is given to financial management, investment analysis, and marketing management.
Stress is given to management and discipline techniques.
Stress is given to material useful to theatre artists.
Stress is given to practical problems and the intuitive understanding of applied statistics.
Stress is given to specific religious concepts and teachings which are pertinent to modern times.
Stress is given to the combine effect of pesticides with similar mechanism of action.
Stress is given to the problems in managing in Latin America, Europe, and Asia.
Stress is gone, even if only for the duration of a brief boating excursion.
Stress is good for dragons.
Stress is good.
Stress is greater if no support is extended by friends or other family members.
Stress is guaranteed as choices are made.
Stress is hard to measure.
Stress is harder to treat than to identify.
Stress is harmful because it can make animals or people more likely to get sick.
Stress is harmful.
Stress is helpful and even necessary.
Stress is here to stay.
Stress is high on the list of migraine triggers.
Stress is high.
Stress is highly contagious .
Stress is identified as a major cause for most of the diseases.
Stress is identified as a major problem at work.
Stress is identified as the single largest factor presumed to have an impact on employee health.
Stress is implicated in many diseases.
Stress is important because it can completely change the meaning of a word.
Stress is important because it is stress that causes bats to break.
Stress is important, whether it is environmental, psychological or physiological.
Stress is imposed when calves are asked to adapt to change.
Stress is in all classes of people, high class right down to low class.
Stress is in English the chief element in accent and is one of the most important in emphasis.
Stress is in our body and also in our mind.
Stress is in the body.
Stress is increased during the holidays due to a number of factors as well.
Stress is increasingly a reason for for workers to call in sick.
Stress is increasingly a reason for workers to call in sick.
Stress is indicated by volume rather than pitch.
Stress is induced in the film as the film is grown.
Stress is inevitable and an essential part of life.
Stress is inevitable and even necessary.
Stress is inevitable and universal.
Stress is inevitable.
Stress is inflection
Stress is inherent in the language of the system.
Stress is inherited.
Stress is inside.
Stress is invariably on the first syllable.
Stress is just a natural part of life.
Stress is just as deadly a killer and affects everyone.
Stress is just as real for children.
Stress is just one of several factors that increase the pulse rate.
Stress is just pressure, resistance.
Stress is key in triggering symptoms.
Stress is key to meaning, and it only exists through contrast.
Stress is known to affect the immune system adversely.
Stress is known to be the root cause of many illnesses and social problems found in society today.
Stress is known to cause disease in humans.
Stress is known to cause diseases in humans.
Stress is known to cause poor health in some people.
Stress is known to contribute to a variety of illnesses, and can exacerbate chronic illnesses.
Stress is known to make acne worse.
Stress is known to make hot flashes worse.
Stress is known to produce chemical changes within the body.
Stress is known to suppress one's ability to fight off illness.
Stress is laid on breathing.
Stress is laid on building up both their oral and written capacities.
Stress is laid on cost-effective action with high utility.
Stress is laid on financial discipline in companies that belong to the public sector.
Stress is laid on their contributions to theology, poetry, history, and prophecy.
Stress is laid on their variability in different centres.
Stress is laid on written work in higher classes, by paying individual attention to each child.
Stress is laid upon teacher-made materials.
Stress is laid upon the practical considerations involved.
Stress is laid upon what it is fashionable to observe.
Stress is law enforcement's hidden assailant.
Stress is least likely to drive out reporters.
Stress is left behind with fishing.
Stress is less often a contributing factor.
Stress is like a guitar string.
Stress is like alcohol and tobacco recognized as harmful, yet seen as necessary by some.
Stress is like cholera.
Stress is like electricity.
Stress is like starting a car engine or pushing the accelerator pedal to speed up.
Stress is like the tension on a guitar string.
Stress is likely to occur when the plants appear wilted and the leaves curl.
Stress is linked to most of the health problems in our population.
Stress is linked to the breakdown of the immune system, which makes people more prone to disease.
Stress is managed well.
Stress is managed.
Stress is manifested in many ways and puts an extra load on our bodies.
Stress is manifested in the body by a nonspecific response.
Stress is measurable.
Stress is measured as force per unit area.
Stress is measured in units of force per area.
Stress is misunderstood.
Stress is more effective than diet and exercise for weight control.
Stress is more serious than it was once thought to be.
Stress is more than an attitude.
Stress is moveable and can occur on any syllable.
Stress is natural and a fact of life.
Stress is natural, normal . . .
Stress is nearly synonymous with anaerobic training.
Stress is necessary for life.
Stress is necessary to challenge students to learn.
Stress is necessary to make change.
Stress is neither bad nor good.
Stress is neither good nor bad in itself.
Stress is neither good nor bad, but the problem arises in the way people cope with stress.
Stress is neither positive or negative.
Stress is no excuse either.
Stress is 'no more than usual'.
Stress is normal.
Stress IS normal.
Stress is now the accepted explanation for mass shootings.
Stress is of course, another overriding factor.
Stress is often a contributory factor.
Stress is often a factor in tension headaches.
Stress is often a primary or aggravating cause of health problems.
Stress is often a trigger for abuse.
Stress is often an important etiological factor in the production of schizophrenic symptoms.
Stress is often at the heart of a pest problem.
Stress is often behind house-soiling, particularly spraying.
Stress is often negative, unrealistic and distorted.
Stress is often obvious, but sometimes it's hard to recognize.
Stress is often the natural byproduct of time distress .
Stress is often the reason most people impulse eat as opposed to only eating when hungry.
Stress is often the underlying source of health problems in caregivers.
Stress is on basic tools and techniques of sustainable planning appropriate to transitional areas.
Stress is on computational and problem-solving techniques.
Stress is on conversational Osage.
Stress is on cost analysis.
Stress is on current research screening procedures and cancer detection.
Stress is on economic and social change as it affects the roles of women in America.
Stress is on everyday applications.
Stress is on flexibility in attacking a variety of reading situations.
Stress is on formal grammar.
Stress is on gaining a mature analytical thought process.
Stress is on hands-on projects.
Stress is on letter structure, shape, character and proportion.
Stress is on political and military contact, cultural exchange, and comparison of institutions.
Stress is on practical exercises to develop accuracy and neatness in preparing artwork.
Stress is on prefixes, suffixes and word roots.
Stress is on prefixes, suffixes, and word roots.
Stress is on preparing the swimming for deep water.
Stress is on problem solving.
Stress is on processed metal foil and film for foodstuffs.
Stress is on professional applications.
Stress is on self-editing of recurring grammatical and structural problems.
Stress is on skills in English.
Stress is on social marketing.
Stress is on spoken German and imitation of overall structures in simple reading exercises.
Stress is on the advantages of making production considerations a major facet of the design process.
Stress is on the conceptual problems and tradeoffs faced by operating system designers.
Stress is on the first vowel of each word.
Stress is on the last syllable except when otherwise indicated by an acute accent.
Stress is on the rampage and even fun has become extreme.
Stress is on the three areas basic to school health education.
Stress is on the wise use of leisure time activities.
Stress is on theology, applicability, structure, form, and general content.
Stress is on vocabulary building, use of dictionary and con-trol of sentence structures.
Stress is on words in context.
Stress is one area where Yoga can be helpful.
Stress is one drawback of the job.
Stress is one factor which is known to trigger or exacerbate psychological disorders.
Stress is one half of a natural adaptive and creative cycle.
Stress is one of the biggest causes of reduced antibody production.
Stress is one of the biggest factors in verbal and emotional abuse.
Stress is one of the biggest problems faced by the voluntary sector.
Stress is one of the great hidden costs in the livestock industry.
Stress is one of the leading causes of both mental and physical illness.
Stress is one of the leading causes of death of firefighters.
Stress is one of the leading causes of ill health in our society.
Stress is one of the leading health problems in America today.
Stress is one of the main causes for weight gain.
Stress is one of the major causes of aging prematurely.
Stress is one of the major causes of infertility in couples who have no problems otherwise.
Stress is one of the major cripplers of our age.
Stress is one of the major killers of reptiles.
Stress is one of the major occupational health problems facing workers.
Stress is one of the major reasons people cite for discontinuing a weight management program.
Stress is one of the major triggers of cold sores.
Stress is one of the most easy and least expensive ways to improve production in the work place.
Stress is one of the most overused and misunderstood concepts in today's society.
Stress is one of the most pervasive and damaging workforce problems facing today's employee.
Stress is one of the motivators of life.
Stress is one of the prices to pay for a higher salary.
Stress is one of the primary causes of allergies.
Stress is one of the underlying problems of fibromyalgia.
Stress is one thing that people can take control of to improve their health.
Stress is one's reaction to different situations.
Stress is our body's response to violence.
Stress is our constant companion in life.
Stress is our life.
Stress is our physical reaction to the pressures of living.
Stress is our response to anything that threatens our survival.
Stress is pain and illness is ultimately the same.
Stress is part of all modern travel.
Stress is part of every life.
Stress is part of everyday life, and holidays are no exception.
Stress is part of everyday life.
Stress is part of everyone's daily life.
Stress is part of everyone's life.
Stress is part of life and as necessary to it as water is to a ship.
Stress is part of life.
Stress is part of our daily lives but it can be managed.
Stress is passed through the outer border of the foot and knee.
Stress is peculiar to each individual.
Stress is perception.
Stress is perhaps the best known.
Stress is perhaps the most common cause of a missed period in nonpregnant women.
Stress is personal - everyone reacts differently to it.
Stress is phenomenons.
Stress is physical or emotional tension.
Stress is physical, mental, or emotional strain or tension.
Stress is physiological response, whose purpose is to mobilize the reserves of the body.
Stress is placed on a visual as well as historical and social analysis.
Stress is placed on accuracy of statement as a background for analytical and scientific reasoning.
Stress is placed on an approach to the figure in terms of composition.
Stress is placed on application of geometric concepts with some simple proofs.
Stress is placed on applying theory to practice by using examples from the field.
Stress is placed on aural and oral skills.
Stress is placed on automobile cooling systems, diesel trucks and railroad locomotives.
Stress is placed on basic principles rather than on applications.
Stress is placed on communication.
Stress is placed on composition.
Stress is placed on copy formats, broadcast style, and basic production techniques.
Stress is placed on correct pronunciation.
Stress is placed on developing a clear, coherent, emphatic, and concise writing style.
Stress is placed on eclecticism and demonstration by example.
Stress is placed on economic, technological, and cultural forces.
Stress is placed on editing, graphics and marketing.
Stress is placed on everyday vocabulary.
Stress is placed on exposition with emphasis also given to structure, organization and diction.
Stress is placed on further developing the student's ability to write clear expository prose.
Stress is placed on intubation techniques, ventilator management, monitoring, and drug therapy.
Stress is placed on leads, the complex story, and polished writing.
Stress is placed on learning the fundamentals of the language.
Stress is placed on limited, fundamental language patterns based on familiar everyday situations.
Stress is placed on logical thinking and computational skills.
Stress is placed on mastery of mathematical concepts, computation, and problem solving.
Stress is placed on mathematical concepts and processes, and problem solving.
Stress is placed on methods and materials to make mathematics learning active and hands-on.
Stress is placed on personal growth and development both on the conceptual and technical level.
Stress is placed on precise, consistent shot placement.
Stress is placed on problems related to crowding, ethnicity, and alteration of the environment.
Stress is placed on recognizing normal and pathological structures.
Stress is placed on single camera shooting and editing.
Stress is placed on social institutions, culture, and regionalism.
Stress is placed on sociological methods and on the terminology used in sociology.
Stress is placed on solving challenging problems.
Stress is placed on speaking and grammar foundations.
Stress is placed on structures and modes of formation of clays and associated minerals.
Stress is placed on the basic concepts of physics and their applications in the earth sciences.
Stress is placed on the basic skills of reading, language arts, and mathematics.
Stress is placed on the commonly done procedures.
Stress is placed on the correction of vocabulary and speech for native speakers.
Stress is placed on the fundamentals of French grammar, spelling, and written expression.
Stress is placed on the importance of activities or events being concrete and visible.
Stress is placed on the importance of holistic treatment based on an accurate diagnosis.
Stress is placed on the importance of marketing mix integration.
Stress is placed on the keeping of a laboratory notebook and correct experimental procedures.
Stress is placed on the mathematical and conceptual framework.
Stress is placed on the penult if it is long and on the antepenult if the penult is short.
Stress is placed on the pre-classical and classical theorists.
Stress is placed on the preparation of photographs with journalistic impact.
Stress is placed on the recognition, classification, development and etiology of malocclusion.
Stress is placed on the relationships and responsibilities of the mass media to society.
Stress is placed on the responsible treatment of animals and wildlife.
Stress is placed on the selection and utilization of visual and auditory aids to learning.
Stress is placed on the solving of mathematical problems.
Stress is placed on the use of analytical models for improving the decision-making process.
Stress is placed on the use of simple circuits as building blocks for more complex instruments.
Stress is placed on tone production, phrasing, dynamics, ensemble, and intonation.
Stress is placed on tone production, phrasing, dynamics, ensemble, expression, and intonation.
Stress is placed on variations and anomalies of anatomical structures.
Stress is placed on vocabulary acquisition, pronunciation and command of elementary structure.
Stress is placed upon formal models for the design and development of high quality software.
Stress is placed upon formal models for the design and development of high-quality software.
Stress is placed upon speech content, organization, and delivery.
Stress is placed upon the cultural roots and evolution of domestic law.
Stress is placed upon the imaginative solution of land use problems at all scales.
Stress is placed upon the managerial aspects of marketing.
Stress is placed upon the roles of early and continued cognition stimulation.
Stress is predictable.
Stress is predominant in our society.
Stress is presented as both positive and negative.
Stress is pressure from external circumstances that can cause internal tensions.
Stress is probably the biggest factor in the loss of cellular memory.
Stress is probably the main reason for kids dropping out of school.
Stress is probably the major cause of initiating the disease.
Stress is probably the number one health problem on campus.
Stress is produced by change, the disruption of homeostatic equilibrium.
Stress is prosody.
Stress is put on developing a solid foundation in the skills of grammar, usage, and mechanics.
Stress is put on researching and writing.
Stress is rampant and many people seek relaxation.
Stress is rampant in our society.
Stress is rampant in the farm community.
Stress is real.
Stress is really an interactional process.
Stress is really bad, and nothing can be worst that living in stress and tension.
Stress is reduced by lessening the emphasis on examination performance.
Stress is reduced in the process.
Stress is reduced.
Stress is regarded as one of the most serious threats to both physical and mental health.
Stress is related to change.
Stress is related to conflict.
Stress is related to positive and negative events as well as internal and external demands.
Stress is related to positive and negative events, as well as internal and external demands.
Stress is related to the external forces causing deformation.
Stress is relieved as chronic tightness, fatigue and pain dissipate.
Stress is relieved by pulling.
Stress is removed with reflexology, thereby aiding optimal health.
Stress is replaced by a relaxed awareness.
Stress is reported to be significantly lowered.
Stress is response to a demand for change.
Stress is seen as a major killer in the workplace scene.
Stress is self-induced.
Stress is shown on each phrasal verb to encourage correct pronunciation.
Stress is signaled by drooling, laid-back ears, body posture and deliberate movements.
Stress is signaled by heavy salivation, laid-back ears, body posture and deliberate movements.
Stress is similar to the wind.
Stress is simply a part of life.
Stress is simply reaction as the means of dealing with pressure.
Stress is simply the biological response of an individual to a perceived threat.
Stress is simply the body's non-specific response to any demand made on it.
Stress is simply the body's reaction to perceived threats or harmful stimuli.
Stress is sneaky.
Stress is so common in our society today and it often aggravates many diseases.
Stress is something that costs employers a lot of money.
Stress is something that costs employers alot of money.
Stress is something that everyone has experienced at one time or another.
Stress is something very personal.
Stress is stress and no matter what finals are always going to be stressful.
Stress is struggle.
Stress is supposed to disappear.
Stress is suspected in many cases of bruxism.
Stress is synonymous with life.
Stress is temporary or cyclical.
Stress is tension or pressures that are a natural part of living our lives.
Stress is tension.
Stress is the amount of force for a given unit of area.
Stress is the applied force, strain is the change in shape.
Stress is the basis for negotiation.
Stress is the best excuse for the common anger that rocks the world.
Stress is the best-know cause of many modern mental health afflictions.
Stress is the biggest killer, so keep the animal away from people and noise.
Stress is the biggest trigger to re-start smoking.
Stress is the biological link between stressor and symptom.
Stress is the body s non-specific response to any demand placed upon it.
Stress is the body s way of dealing with trying situations.
Stress is the body's adaptive response to abnormal circumstances.
Stress is the body's automatic response to any physical or mental demand placed upon it.
Stress is the body's natural response to pressure of any kind.
Stress is the body's non-specific response to any demand made on it.
Stress is the body's nonspecific response to any increased demand placed upon it.
Stress is the body's non-specific response to stressors.
Stress is the body's reaction to .
Stress is the body's reaction to an event that is experienced as disturbing or threatening.
Stress is the body's response to a threatening condition.
Stress is the body's response to an event or occurrence.
Stress is the body's response to any demand or pressure.
Stress is the body's response to any demand put upon it.
Stress is the body's response to challenging situations and circumstances.
Stress is the body's response to outside disturbances.
Stress is the cause of a number of odd behaviors.
Stress is the consequence of too many people and too little space.
Stress is the deforming force per area.
Stress is the effect of pressures on our emotional and physical state.
Stress is the enemy of rest.
Stress is the enemy.
Stress is the fastest growing disease in the western world.
Stress is the force applied per unit area.
Stress is the force applied to a body.
Stress is the force applied to the materials through four basic types.
Stress is the force exerted on a rock to cause deformation.
Stress is the force per unit area and has been traditionally expressed in pounds per square inch.
Stress is the greatest Dis-Ease of the mind in our modern times.
Stress is the highest at the end of the semester.
Stress is the human response to changes that occur as a part of daily living.
Stress is the internal resistance of any metal to distortion.
Stress is the jump-start for many projects.
Stress is the leading cause in breakdown of the immune and nervous systems.
Stress is the leading cause of disease and eventually death.
Stress is the main cause of insomnia.
Stress is the main cause of productivity decline in the workplace.
Stress is the main factor.
Stress is the major cause of a lot of our drug and alcohol problems.
Stress is the major contributor of mental and emotional breakdowns .
Stress is the major contributor.
Stress is the measure of a force in a certain area .
Stress is the measure of a force in a certain area.
Stress is the mind and body's reaction to any demand put upon it.
Stress is the modern epidemic in our society.
Stress is the most common cause of insomnia.
Stress is the most common cause of short-term insomnia.
Stress is the most common cause.
Stress is the most common, leading to tightening and spasm in the intestinal muscles.
Stress is the most contageous plague of the modern society .
Stress is the most frequently reported health problem in the United States.
Stress is the most important factor in pest control.
Stress is the most important precipitating factor.
Stress is the new preferred excuse for failures.
Stress is the non-specific response of the body to any demand made upon it.
Stress is the number of normal responses for self-preservation.
Stress is the number one cause of disability in the United States.
Stress is the number one cause of short-term sleeping difficulties , according to sleep experts.
Stress is the number one cause of sleep problems.
Stress is the number one cause of workplace medical problems.
Stress is the number one contributor to fatigue.
Stress is the number one indicator of the likelihood of having a heart attack or stroke.
Stress is the number one issue for employees in the call centre industry.
Stress is the number one killer, in that it is a major contributor to heart disease.
Stress is the number one migraine trigger.
Stress is the number one problem in relationships and comes in many forms.
Stress is the number one problem most people have to deal with.
Stress is the number one problem that effects every aspect of our lives.
Stress is the number one reason people experience back and neck pain.
Stress is the number one reason why ex-smokers relapse.
Stress is the operative word in accounting and the business environment.
Stress is the physical and emotional response to both internally and externally generated stressors.
Stress is the physical reaction of the body when it is alerted to flee or fight.
Stress is the physical, emotional, or chemical response of the body to demands made upon it.
Stress is the physiological and emotional reaction to psychological events.
Stress is the primary culprit, sleep disorders is another.
Stress is the reaction of our bodies and minds to something that upsets their normal balance.
Stress is the real X factor.
Stress is the reason most smokers give for failing to stay tobacco-free.
Stress is the response of the mind and body to danger.
Stress is the result of emotional or psychological influences.
Stress is the result of extra-heavy physical or mental demand on a person.
Stress is the result of stressors and stress reaction.
Stress is the same for everybody .
Stress is the same for everybody.
Stress is the same for everyone .
Stress is the spice of life.
Stress is the student's worst enemy.
Stress is the stuff th at Olympic medals are won with, in part.
Stress is the sum total of pressures converging on a person.
Stress is the sum total of wear and tear on the person.
Stress is the tension that the body exerts as it seeks to return to a steady-state.
Stress is the traveler's main enemy.
Stress is the underlying cause of all that goes wrong in life.
Stress is the usual cause of an anole turning brown.
Stress is the watch word.
Stress is the way our bodies react to sudden drastic demands.
Stress is the way our bodies respond to any new, threatening or exciting situation.
Stress is thought to cause a variety of physical and mental health problems.
Stress is thought to contribute to depression.
Stress is thought to exacerbate a number of diseases, some of which are skin disorders.
Stress is too much right now.
Stress is toxic.
Stress is transformed into positive solutions.
Stress is trochaic, left to right.
Stress is typically visible in the remaining fronds as they grow smaller and with an odd shape.
Stress is unavoidable and, up to a point, healthy and desirable.
Stress is unavoidable in life.
Stress is unavoidable in today's frenetic world.
Stress is unavoidable.
Stress is universal.
Stress is unpleasant and has little to do with happy events.
Stress is unpleasant.
Stress is upon comprehension, pronunciation, speaking, listening, reading, writing and vocabulary.
Stress is upon comprehension, pronunciation, speaking, listening, reading, writing, and vocabulary.
Stress is upon facilitating and enhancing all aspects of the programs.
Stress is upon the interaction of technical skill and performance communication.
Stress is usually a risk factor for unhealthy lifestyles, which can lead to heart attacks.
Stress is very expensive.
Stress is viewed in an entirely new way.
Stress is well known to be a major factor contributing to the risk of premature delivery.
Stress is what happens when the mind overrides our common sense.
Stress is what makes families grow, parents mature, and children blossom.
Stress is when life's demands seem too heavy.
Stress is why a ladybug excretes liquids.
Stress is, after all, largely subjective.
Stress is, however, a general concept.
Stress is, unfortunately, an integral part of a nurse's work.
Stress isa entity.
Stress isn t just physical.
Stress keeps about one million people a day from going to work.
Stress keeps people active and alive, but sometimes a few tips help to keep the lid on.
Stress kills as sure as cyanide.
Stress kills brain cells.
Stress kills creativity.
Stress kills sexual desire leading to infrequent intercourse in the case of both men and women.
Stress kills turtles.
Stress kills, and cops are fertile ground.
Stress kills, especially work-related stress.
Stress leads an attack on the immune system.
Stress leads parents to become more irritated with the child, so that interaction is impaired.
Stress leads people to make purchases under pressure and overspend.
Stress leads to all the other afflictions that can occur.
Stress leads to depression, loss of self-esteem, decreased productivity, and increased absenteeism.
Stress leads to illness and absenteeism.
Stress leads to increased productivity, but only up to a point.
Stress leads to lifestyle choices that in turn lead to nutritional deprivation.
Stress leads to many chronic syndromes, or chronic illnesses classified by Chinese medicine.
Stress leads to performance problems which leads to quality defects.
Stress leads to severe tension in the skin of the scalp.
Stress leads to tension, physical and emotional strain.
Stress leads to upset stomachs, headaches, and sleepless nights.
Stress Learn how to manage, cope with, and prevent stress.
Stress lies elsewhere.
Stress lowers one's resistance to disease.
Stress lowers our body's ability to adapt to changes in our environment.
Stress makes a bad bleed worse.
Stress makes all dyslexic difficulties worse.
Stress makes all movement disorders, including torticollis, worse.
Stress makes dyslexic problems worse.
Stress makes illness worse.
Stress makes it worse, and diet can help.
Stress makes it worse.
Stress makes many medical conditions worse.
Stress makes matters worse, so relaxation techniques or yoga can be a good help.
Stress makes pain worse.
Stress makes people less intellectually and interpersonally intelligent.
Stress makes periods late so try to chill.
Stress makes pets react in an unusual fashion.
Stress makes sleep more difficult for many people.
Stress makes strange bedfellows.
Stress makes strange families turn even stranger.
Stress makes the meat tough.
Stress makes the pain worse.
Stress makes tinnitus seem worse.
Stress manifests itself in a number of ways.
Stress manifests itself in many unexpected ways and can often be a positive force within our lives.
Stress manifests itself in many ways.
Stress manifests itself in the form of muscular tension and hormonal imbalances.
Stress means change.
Stress means something different to everyone.
Stress moderates the relationship between IQ and performance.
Stress naturally falls on the first letter of the word.
Stress naturally increases sodium retention.
Stress now seems pandemic.
Stress occurs in many forms.
Stress occurs when a non-specific response is made upon the body.
Stress occurs when bad things happen, as well happy things.
Stress occurs when parts of an object slide by one another.
Stress occurs when the demands in our lives exceed our resources.
Stress occurs when the demands of our environment appear to exceed our potential resources.
Stress occurs whenever there is change.
Stress och kontorsautomation.
Stress oftentimes is behind unexplained emotional outbursts that leaveyou questioning what's wrong.
Stress overwhelms the adrenal glands, which become imbalanced electrically.
Stress placed on the kidneys produces many allergies and toximia in the physical body.
Stress plays a big role as well.
Stress plays a key role in causing emaciation.
Stress plays a large factor in road rage.
Stress plays a major role in many diseases.
Stress plays a major role in most of our lives.
Stress plays a part as well.
Stress plays a part in some physical problems , like heart disease .
Stress plays a part in some physical problems, like heart disease.
Stress plays a role in the way a person uses vision.
Stress plays a role in worsening a number of skin conditions, including acne, hives and psoriasis.
Stress plays an important role in cardiac disease.
Stress plays such a key role in our health.
Stress points The biggest trigger for eating disorders is stress.
Stress produces a deflection or deformation in the material called strain.
Stress produces adrenalin and endorphins which produce exhilaration to mask some of the stress.
Stress produces and aggravates duodenal ulcer in any situation.
Stress produces cortisol which has shown to damage the hippocamus.
Stress produces erratic vibrations that lead to disharmony, followed by injury and disease.
Stress produces hormones that cause glucose levels to skyrocket.
Stress produces hormones that screw up our immune and enzyme systems.
Stress produces intricate biochemical changes in the body.
Stress produces strain , the actual deformation.
Stress promotes the release of steroids, which inhibit new cell development in the hippocampus.
Stress pulls Calcium directly of the calcium reserves.
Stress raises cortisol levels.
Stress ranks as working women's number one problem.
Stress reduces memory and interferes with immune function by affecting stress hormones.
Stress reduces performance.
Stress reduces the function of the immune system and relaxation reduces stress.
Stress reduces work productivity.
Stress reducing methods are some of the most effective ways of prevention.
Stress Reducing Uncertainty Uncertainty can cause high levels of stress.
Stress refers to any or all the various pressures experienced in life.
Stress refers to physical and mental strain felt about a situation or an event.
Stress related to disciplinary action by the employer is of great concern.
Stress related to physical illness is connected to depression.
Stress related to physical injury is also probably a factor.
Stress related to toilet training can contribute to constipation in young children.
Stress releases a series of complex changes in the body.
Stress releases aging free radicals that damage delicate cells and trigger premature aging.
Stress releases many negative energies within and out of the body.
Stress releases the free radicals.
Stress relieve The heat treating of springs at a temperature so as to relieve stresses.
Stress relieving before machining is recommended to minimize distortion after metal removal.
Stress remains a healthy thing only when it exists in proper balance with relaxation and play.
Stress remains the number one injury in the workplace.
Stress renders the body susceptible to all disease.
Stress represents a period of economic hardship.
Stress respects no economic or vocational boundaries.
Stress resulting from public speaking is widespread.
Stress robs many people of sleep.
Stress robs the body of magnesium.
Stress robs the brain of blood by tightening and shrinking arteries.
Stress robs the mind s ability to focus on the things in life that bring pleasure and contentment.
Stress s when there is change or conflict in the family.
Stress score by self-rating method.
Stress seems to affect ovulation.
Stress seems to be a major factor in triggering herpes recurrences.
Stress seems to be a major motivator of laminitis.
Stress seems to be increasing.
Stress seems to be inevitable.
Stress seems to be part of everybody's life.
Stress seems to be particularly harmful in older people who endure chronic stress.
Stress seems to bring on some seizures.
Stress seems to deplete the brain of serotonin.
Stress seems to encourage the problem.
Stress seems to exacerbate asthma in people who have the lung condition.
Stress seems to have an effect on the severity and frequency of the symptoms.
Stress seems to make bipolar symptoms emerge.
Stress seems to melt away while watching a new day dawn, bringing with it new beginnings.
Stress serves a vital purpose of our lives.
Stress sets off an alarm in the brain, which responds by preparing the body for defensive action.
Stress settles in the body for numerous reasons.
Stress shows itself in many ways.
Stress shows up physiologically.
Stress squeezes sin nature to the surface.
Stress starts to cause problems.
Stress starts to create a deeper impact on career, family life and personal well-being.
Stress stimulates production of adrenal hormones which interfere with the normal ovulatory cycle.
Stress strain behaviour of granular media.
Stress strains marital relationships and friendships.
Stress suppresses the immune system, predisposing to illness.
Stress suppresses the immune system.
Stress takes a major toll on our bodies.
Stress takes a toll on our health and quality of life.
Stress takes an enormous physical toll.
Stress takes away our protection.
Stress takes on many forms.
Stress takes on new meaning in senior management.
Stress takes over.
Stress takes the fun out of farming.
Stress Talk it out.
Stress tends to bring on changes in personalities.
Stress tends to increase during periods of rapid change.
Stress test a portfolio with respect to volatility fluctuations.
Stress test new systems or create a running history of transactional performance over time.
Stress then becomes unhealthy and can lead to trouble.
Stress tires a person out more than walking.
Stress too is a frequent source of back pain, because it makes the muscles tense.
Stress triggers an adrenaline surge and makes our muscles tense and our heart race.
Stress triggers the attacks.
Stress triggers the fight or flight response within the body.
Stress triggers the sympathetic nervous system which inhibits all enzyme activity.
Stress Try to minimise stress.
Stress ultimately leads to death, if left unchecked.
Stress undermines spirituality.
Stress uses energy.
Stress view radiograph of a dog's carpus with a hyperextension injury.
Stress Visit their project dealing with stress.
Stress weakens and causes damage to the nervous system.
Stress weakens any animals immune system and increases the possibility of developing an infection.
Stress weakens plants natural resistance.
Stress weakens the digestive system hence, the response against inflammation is very small.
Stress weakens the immune system.
Stress worsens the symptoms.
Stress wreaks havoc on our physical, emotional and spiritual well being.
Stress zaps the breath by increasing the tension in our bodies which decreases our breathing.
Stresses are a common factor of diminished supply.
Stresses are an additional harmful factor that is related to civilization.
Stresses are an unavoidable part of life.
Stresses are greater in some regions than in others.
Stresses are particularly likely to occur at times of transition or as deadlines approach.
Stresses are tensors because it is a vector divided by another vector.
Stresses are the load per area that are the result of the internal forces and moments.
Stresses are thus part of any glaze-body 'marriage'.
Stresses are types of degradation or impairment afflicting the system.
Stresses begin to appear in their relationship.
Stresses build up in rocks where plates interact.
Stresses build up which pull the plate apart.
Stresses can be physical, mental or emotional.
Stresses can be the result of manageable factors.
Stresses can cause micro cracks which in turn weaken the porcelain.
Stresses can take numerous forms.
Stresses cause a barrel to bend or warp as it heats from repeated firing.
Stresses causes a barrel to warp or bend as it heats from repeated firing.
Stresses control volume approach and Eulerian description of flow.
Stresses develop in films during thermal cycling and are modified by lithography.
Stresses end time evidences.
Stresses flow like water.
Stresses have to be alleviated to enhance the health of the system.
Stresses increase the activity of kinases in order to down-regulate translation.
Stresses involving money, raising children, work, or future plans affect every couple.
Stresses Learn about some of the stresses affecting the river.
Stresses occur at the interface between the ceramic and the bond coat.
Stresses report writing in student's major field.
Stresses resumes, cover letters, presentation, and skills marketing.
Stresses satisfy equilibrium equations.
Stresses starts, turns and beginner to advanced stroke refinement for the four competitive strokes.
Stresses Subjects the student to anxiety-provoking stimuli.
Stress frequently leads to unreleased nervous energy.
Stress often accompanies tests.
Stress often accompanies the feeling of being out of control.
Stress often affects hormone levels.
Stress often begins with events beyond one's control.
Stress often causes back and neck pain.
Stress often causes eating to go out of whack.
Stress often comes from a mismatch between expectations and achievement.
Stress often hides behind a mask of excess activity.
Stress often increases the occurrence of nitrate problems.
Stress often influences eating habits.
Stress often is accompanied by an array of physical reactions.
Stress often is accompanied by depression , anxiety , insomnia .
Stress often is based on misunderstanding.
Stress often leads people to do stupid things.
Stress often makes anxiety worse.
Stress often makes asthma symptoms worse.
Stress often makes the reaction to irritants worse.
Stress often makes the symptoms worse.
Stress often manifests itself in headaches, cramps, back pain, and physical tension.
Stress often occurs when demands exceed our perceived resources.
Stress often produces irritability and negativity.
Stress often results in disturbed sleep patterns and a lack of restful sleep.
Stress often shows in bad posture and muscular tension in shoulders, neck and back.
Stress often triggers depression, and is a common component of everyday life.
Stress sometimes brings on a condition known as G.I. Stasis in which bunnies stop eating altogether.
Stress usually is high for the nursing student when in the clinical setting.
Stress usually leads to frustration and frustration leads to violence.
Stress usually means greater vulnerability to the common viruses that cause colds and flu.
All stress has a cycle.
All stress is bad.
All stress is cumulative.
All stress results over promises and accountability over process.
All stresses cause some wear and tear.
Any stress puts the fish at greater risk for developing infection.
Any stress tips the balance toward button formation.
Every stress produces a state of tension in the body.
More stress follows.
More stress is given through processes of analysis and interpretation.
More stress is one of the downsides.
More stress is placed on life time activities than any other activities.
More stress is placed on reading and writing skills than in the first year.
More stress is placed on reading and writing.
More stress is placed upon independent thinking and analysis.
More stress means more unwanted behavior.
Most stress comes from the daily pileup of small aggravations and frustrations.
Most stress is brought on by what goes on in our heads.
Most stress occurring in pets is only minor.
Most stress related performance problems are a direct result of faulty concentration.
Most stress stems from people failing to decide instantly on the next step.
Much stress comes from worry.
Much stress comes from worrying about problems at work and potential job loss.
Much stress is added on top of that when money is low for supplies and nutritious food.
Much stress is also class-specific.
Much stress is caused by trying to live up to unrealistic expectations of one's self.
Much stress is laid on the relationship between ethics and law, and how they influence each other.
Much stress is placed on reading, writing, and conversation.
Much stress is the product of faulty expectations.
Some stress can actually be helpful.
Some stress can be a stimulus for higher achievement.
Some stress can be beneficial, but too much stress can be a real health hazard.
Some stress can be good, but too much can be a nightmare.
Some stress can be good.
Some stress can be happy, exciting and challenging.
Some stress increases the chance of illness.
Some stress is a normal part of daily life.
Some stress is actually a healthy aspect of living.
Some Stress is Good People tend to talk about stress as if it s all bad.
Some stress is good stress.
Some stress is good, and is healthy.
Some stress is good, but too much can be devastating.
Some stress is good.
Some stress is healthy.
Some stress is helpful because it provides motivation.
Some stress is helpful.
Some stress is inevitable at work.
Some stress is inevitable, yet there are times when life's events seem overwhelming.
Some stress is necessary in life.
Some stress is negative and unwelcome, such as the death of a family member.
Some stress is normal and can even produce creativity and energy.
Some stress is normal and necessary.
Some stress is normal, and can actually be motivating.
Some stress is normal.
Some stress is okay.
Some stress is part of everyone s life.
Some stress is perhaps necessary to boost productivity.
Some stress is positive and welcomed, such as the birth of a baby.
Some stress is therefore normal and necessary, at work and outside it.
Some stress is unavoidable.
Some stress is useful, for it provides energy.
Some stress is useful.
Some stress provides energy.
Some stresses are positive.
Some stresses can affect corn early and are just now becoming evident.
Some stresses evoke both types of reactions.
Stressed animals have lower blood ascorbic acid concentrations than unstressed animals.
Stressed beats are the 'strong' beats and unstressed are the 'weak' beats.
Stressed cabbage has a strong taste.
Stressed children cry easily, tire quickly, and dawdle.
Stressed children feel safe in homes that are very structured with regular, predictable routines.
Stressed clients become vulnerable to quackery, misinformation and outright fraud.
Stressed corn is more susceptible to aflatoxin.
Stressed corn is more susceptible to infestation by a mold known as Aspergillus flavus .
Stressed cows tend to produce weaker calves.
Stressed families are at risk.
Stressed fish are much more likely to develop the disease.
Stressed fish have a lower pathogen resistance.
Stressed individuals are often in a permanent state of increased arousal.
Stressed individuals have higher levels of a hormone called cortical.
Stressed men tend to get heart attacks and ulcers, or languish in depression.
Stressed managers pass their anxieties on to their staff according to research.
Stressed parents have short tempers, which in turn increases sibling rivalry.
Stressed pets show similar responses to humans under stress.
Stressed plants are easier prey for the black root rot fungus.
Stressed plants are especially susceptible to borer attack.
Stressed plants are more susceptible to early blight than health plants.
Stressed plants are more susceptible to insects and pests.
Stressed plants are most susceptible to attack.
Stressed rabbits can have heart attacks VERY easily.
Stressed skin is smoothed and revitalized using specific techniques to solve individual problems.
Stressed stands are prime targets for insect and disease pests.
Stressed strawberries produce small fruit and a short season.
Stressed tree are most susceptible to borer attacks.
Stressed trees are the primary target of boring insects.
Stressed vines seem more prone to ambrosia beetle injury.
Stressed words are in capitals.
Stressed words are the key to excellent pronunciation and understanding of English.
Stressed yogis find it difficult to sleep, what more meditate.
Stressful events can also trigger emotional feelings of anxiety, fear, insecurity and anger.
Stressful events can also trigger emotional feelings of anxiety, fear, insecurity, and anger.
Stressful events can cause temporary depression in many individuals.
Stressful events can trigger depression.
Stressful events cause temporary depression in most people.
Stressful events produce strong emotions, which arouse certain physical responses.
Stressful living makes it difficult to rest at times.
Stressful moments arise as a matter of course in shodo and ink painting.
Stressful periods are a daily part of the typical student s college career.
Stressful situations are unavoidable in modern work-life.
Stressful situations call for calm, collected communication.
Stressful situations can trigger suicidal feelings.
Stressful situations cause some people to overeat.
Stressful situations occur during military operations.
Stressful situations occur during operations.
Stressful situations precipitate gambling behaviors.
Stressful situations produce a spasm of the blood vessels.
Stressful situations require exit strategies.
Stressful situations require strategies.
Any stressful situation can cause a relapse.
Most stressful situations occur during military operations.
Most stressful situations occur during operations.
Most stressful situations require exit strategies.
Most stressful situations require strategies.
Some stressful situations help anxiety.
Stressful times can bring out the worst in people.
Stressful times can cause a person to develop skin conditions, including eczema.
Stressing components can also impact their sound.
Stressing factors can tip the balance in favor of the microorgansim and against the young animal.
A stressor is an agent
Stressors also result in changes in immune regulation due to autonomic nervous system reaction.
Stressors are a fact of life.
Stressors are agents.
Stressors are any factors or situations that cause stress.
Stressors are events and inputs that affect ecosystem function.
Stressors are inherent in human existence.
Stressors can also be pleasant or unpleasant.
Stressors can be external or internal.
Stressors can be minor hassles, major lifestyle changes or a combination of both.
Stressors can be physical or emotional, internally or externally generated.
Stressors can break down the body making it vulnerable to diseases.
Stressors can control physical abilities unless brought under control.
Stressors can include being a single-parent household, or having a chronically ill parent or child.
Stressors can produce profound health consequences .
Stressors can produce profound health consequences.
Stressors cause stress.
Stressors constantly challenge the integrity and stability of the system.
Stressors contribute to depression, but people contribute to some stressors.
Stressors disrupt that balance.
Stressors introduced by humans include, heavy metals, petrochemicals, and pesticides.
Stressors range from winning the lottery or losing a job.
Stressors threaten the ability of forests to meet the needs of people and society.
Stressors often result from an individual's reaction to interpersonal conflict.
Some stressors are negative, provoking anger, sadness, worry or fear.
Some stressors are positive events others are negative.
Some stressors make the child feel ashamed.
Stretch additions give linens the same comfort and suppleness as they add to the new denims.
Stretch antenna elements out and affix to end supports.
Stretch assignments can be very rewarding.
Stretch breaks are important when working at computer workstations or lifting patients and supplies.
Stretch breaks involve stretching exercises to provide relief from prolonged postures.
Stretch charts are on all pattern envelopes when the pattern is designed for stretch fabric.
Stretch classes are open to individuals at all fitness levels.
Stretch coach Find even more stretches here from the sports coach.
Stretch denim works best for petite figures.
Stretch fabric features princess seems in front and back.
Stretch fabrics have proved longer lasting than a trend, they are here to stay.
Stretch goals achieve two purposes.
Stretch goals allow for variance of performance.
Stretch goals are the objectives that seem difficult or downright impossible to achieve.
Stretch jeans can be good.
Stretch knits are bad for period garb.
Stretch leg muscles a few minutes before bed.
Stretch limousines offer fully stocked bar, TV and more.
A stretch mark is a band
Stretch marks affect all races.
Stretch marks appear in brown, red, and pink in color.
Stretch marks are an example of scars caused by weight change or growth.
Stretch marks are bands.
Stretch marks are diseases.
Stretch marks are first of all hereditary.
Stretch marks are itchy.
Stretch marks are most common in pregnant women.
Stretch marks are partial tears in the skin resulting from the stress of overweight or pregnancy.
Stretch marks are scars caused by excessive stretching of the skin.
Stretch marks are scars.
Stretch marks are tiny tears in the dermis that occur when the skin is stretched excessively.
Stretch marks are unavoidable.
Stretch marks begin, sometimes invisibly.
Stretch marks can also occur during adolescence or periods of weight gain.
Stretch marks can appear when there is rapid stretching of the skin.
Stretch marks can worsen in tightened skin.
Stretch marks hide under the line of a dress that hangs loosely to the skin inside.
Stretch marks occur in the middle layer of the skin called the dermis.
Stretch marks occur in the middle layer, called the dermis.
Stretch marks occur when the skin is stretched too much over a short period of time.
Stretch marks represent torn tissue.
Stretch meat strips across the racks.
A stretch reflex is a reflex
Stretch reflexes are important diagnostic tools precisely because they can be modified.
Stretch run is here, folks.
Stretch shorts have few seams and the tight fit keeps material from rubbing in all the wrong places.
Stretch shower curtains out to dry after taking a shower.
Stretch straps cross at the bare thong back.
All stretch top has adjustable straps.
Stretch waistband fits without binding.
Stretch wrap is used to unitize and secure pallets.
A stretch is space
Stretch allows for a better-fitting garment.
Stretch gently lengthwise and sideways to make a teardrop shaped slab.
Stretch is Everything.
Stretch isa shape.
Stretches are also beneficial.
Stretches are great fpr warming up, strengthening and conditioning.
Stretches are to be done slowly, generally being held for approximately five to ten seconds.
Stretches flowing through wilderness environments challenge advanced whitewater enthusiasts.
Stretches Learn more about the wonderful human body.
Stretches range from beginner to advanced and are grouped by both specific and general muscles used.
Stretchs are durations.
Stretchs are elasticity.
Stretchs are exercises.
Stretchs are extensions.
Stretchs are part of racetracks.
Most stretches are wadeable, and the river sports a series of classic trout runs and deep pools.
Most stretches require that the heel be dropped lower than the ball of the foot.
Some stretch is usually better.
Some stretches are rocky, while others have numerous downed trees preventing easy travel.
Some stretches are suitable for pushchairs.
Some stretches are the heaviest used railway in the world.
Some stretches contain deep holes, gravel bars, weedbeds, islands, and tributary stream.
Some stretches have nearly continuous action.
Some stretches twist tightly, like an overwound rubber band, whereas others curve gently.
Stretchable sides can also help to fit the diaper on babies of various sizes.
Stretched bonds turn first dark then light blue.
Stretched calcite veins in carbonaceous shale.
Stretched canvases are available at an additional cost.
Stretched canvases used by other artists have to packaged, leading to more expensive shipping costs.
Stretched earlobes predominate among groups in Indonesia and South America.
Stretched fabric is less protective.
Stretched membranes are thin reflective membranes stretched across a rim or hoop.
Stretched metal is metal that's about to fail.
Stretched muscle tends to immediately contract with greater force.
Stretched muscles require less energy for completion of movements.
Stretched scars occur when skin cells around a healing wound are put under tension.
Stretched vowels are usually the most effective fluency technique.
Stretcher bars are inexpensive embroidery frames in which the work can be pulled quite tight.
A stretcher is a framework
Stretcher cutoff up at our industrial woodshop.
Stretcher isa structure.
Stretchers are available for the larger tents.
Stretchers are frameworks.
Stretchers are litter.
Stretchers are mechanical devices.
Stretchers are the most efficient and practical products of their kind on the market.
Stretchers disappear, and chests of drawers assume a more rounded shape.
Stretchers have (part) bases.
Stretchers have (part) sections.
Stretchers Look at the action of .
Some stretchers carry men.
Stretching are expansion.
Stretching are forging.
Stretching are pulling.
Stretchy fabric fits fingers of many sizes.
Stretchy material fits best over a baby's big belly.
Stretchy materials are a problem.
Striatal atrophy results in hydrocephalus ex vacuo, literally meaning water-head.
Striatal grafts alleviate deficits in response execution in a lateralised reaction time task.
A striate cortex is an area
Striate cortex is the most studied.
Striate lespedeza has a prostrate growth habit which makes it better suited to pasture than hay.
Striate seed is blotched in color, while Korean seed is black and shiny.
A striated muscle is a muscle
Striated muscle is an extreme example of cytoskeletal architecture.
A striation is a groove
Striation appears only on forehead region.
Striation is a type of flow mark, which is caused by some contaminant, such a silicone flowout.
Striation is narrow and distinct.
Striations appear as scratches of various size on rock surfaces.
Striations are a key attribute to identify skeletal and cardiac muscle types.
Striations are clear.
Striations are erosional features.
Striations are grooves, lines and scratches found naturally in some minerals.
Striations are parallel scratches etched into a rock's surface by glacial transport.
Striations are present, but the cells have a single, centrally located nucleus.
Striations are the result of metastable precipitation in the alloy.
Striations are the scratches etched into the rock at the bed of a glacier.
Striations are useful indicators of the direction of glacial movement.
Striations are visible from the brush used to apply the thin white ground.
Striations can result anywhere that there is an ice-bedrock interface.
Stricken characters represent text that has been deleted from the policy.
Stricken characters represent text that has been deleted from the regulation.
Stricken foliage turns yellowish green to brown.
Strict accountability is mandated.
Strict accounting is involved.
Strict accuracy is essential when typing a Web address.
Strict anaerobes are capable of only anaerobic metabolism.
Strict anaerobes grow at the bottom of the shake, where the environment is the most anaerobic.
Many strict anaerobes perform fermentation reactions.
Strict attendance is compulsory.
Strict attendance is required at clinical sites.
Strict attention is given to how forgery changes over time.
Strict attention is given to postmarks for payment date.
Strict attention is paid to details, like Venetian glass buttons.
Strict attention is paid to the customer's order.
Strict attention is paid to the function, relability and cosmetic appeal of each and every gun.
Strict attention is paid to the quality as well as the educational value of each product.
Strict attention is paid to the washing and ironing of clothing and ventilation of hospital.
Strict attention is to be given to the instructor at all times.
Strict avoidance is recommended by the allergist.
Strict avoidance is the only therapy for food allergy.
Strict avoidance is the only way to prevent a reaction.
Strict avoidance is the only way to prevent an allergic reaction.
Strict codes keep bartenders faithful to the device.
Strict compliance is demanded.
Strict compliance is enjoined.
Strict compliance is necessary to prevent neurological damage.
Strict compliance is requested.
Strict compliance is required.
Strict compliance requires the filing of the attorney certificate in the trial court.
Strict conditions apply and a fee is charged.
Strict conditions apply.
Strict conditions remain.
Strict confidence is guaranteed.
Strict confidence is observed for all membership data and records.
Strict confidence is to be observed.
Strict confidentiality is a necessity.
Strict confidentiality is adhered to at all times.
Strict confidentiality is assured for all online incorporation orders.
Strict confidentiality is assured.
Strict confidentiality is emphasized.
Strict confidentiality is enforced .
Strict confidentiality is enforced.
Strict confidentiality is ensured.
Strict confidentiality is essential among all participants.
Strict confidentiality is guaranteed by a secrecy agreement for each assigned project.
Strict confidentiality is guaranteed.
Strict confidentiality is important.
Strict confidentiality is maintained .
Strict confidentiality is maintained at all times.
Strict confidentiality is maintained except under certain very specific circumstances.
Strict confidentiality is maintained for all services.
Strict confidentiality is maintained for anyone who approaches any of the officers or advisors.
Strict confidentiality is maintained in all proceedings.
Strict confidentiality is maintained in all services.
Strict confidentiality is maintained in the counseling process.
Strict confidentiality is maintained on all files.
Strict confidentiality is maintained on all information received from clients.
Strict confidentiality is maintained on all reports and data.
Strict confidentiality is maintained on all searches.
Strict confidentiality is maintained regarding all counseling.
Strict confidentiality is maintained throughout the process.
Strict confidentiality is maintained, in order to provide a safe place for everyone.
Strict confidentiality is maintained.
Strict confidentiality is observed about any work that happens in or outside the group setting.
Strict confidentiality is observed by all associated with the search at all stages of the search.
Strict confidentiality is observed in the storage and handling of such information.
Strict confidentiality is observed with regard to students' visits and medical records.
Strict confidentiality is observed.
Strict confidentiality is our policy.
Strict confidentiality is required of personal information obtained through testing.
Strict confidentiality is required.
Strict confidentiality is stressed.
Strict confidentiality regarding the submitted manuscript is maintained.
Strict confinement is mandatory during the healing process.
Strict confinement is very important to allow for healing of a partially damaged disk.
Strict consideration is given before dogs are placed in a new environment.
Strict construction means narrow construction.
Strict control is maintained on who is granted access authorization.
Strict control is required.
Strict controls are in place to ensure that such contamination is adequately prevented.
Strict controls have to be put into place to protect the Australian public.
Strict deadlines apply in all requests for fee refunds.
Strict discipline insures that no student is distracted from learning.
Strict discipline is applied to members as well as elders.
Strict discipline is important in a Haitian household.
Strict discipline is needed to ensure good results.
Strict discipline is the best way of raising children.
Strict discipline is used to train the mind and body.
Strict discipline lies at the heart of the school's operation.
Strict egalitarianism works well in the Wild West, where individuals are miles apart.
Strict equality is exceedingly improbable and anomalous.
Strict evaluation makes it easier for the programmer to reason about the execution of the program.
Strict executions are restrictive, thus sacrificing concurrency and throughput.
Strict fathers have no bonding with their sons.
Strict foreclosure is the normal method of foreclosure only in Connecticut and Vermont.
Strict formularies forbid coverage for non-listed medications.
Strict guidelines apply.
Strict guidelines are project policies to ensure consistency, or to protect the content.
Strict guidelines mandate how deep to go, how long to stay and how quickly to ascend.
Strict guidelines stipulate that the writers' work be original and that they receive no help.
Strict herbivores are always primary consumers and are only eaten by secondary consumers.
Strict honesty is the crown of one's early days.
Strict hygiene is especially important for children.
Strict hygiene is important, especially for children.
Strict hygiene is necessary to prevent wood decay or microbiological contamination.
Strict hygiene is the best defence.
Strict impartiality is of the essence of the administration of justice.
Strict inheritance is the simplest scheme of inheritance.
Strict integrity is maintained in regards to consignments and item movements.
Strict isolation is essential to reduce the environmental contamination.
Strict isolation is essential.
Strict laws are also in place to prevent further introductions.
Strict laws are in existence which protect the potential donor.
Strict laws govern parking spaces designated with colored curbs.
Strict laws prevent the export of antiquities.
Strict laws prohibit point source pollution, regulate mining, and control erosion.
Strict laws prohibit the removal and theft of artifacts.
Strict laws protect an ecosystem from plant and animal invaders.
Strict laws protect the potential donor.
Strict liability allows damages to be awarded for any harm caused by a dangerous product.
Strict liability applies only to businesses that regularly sell an item.
Strict liability concerns only the condition of the product itself.
Strict liability discourages the kinds of activity that can produce the effect.
Strict liability eliminates litigable issues and encourages voluntary cleanups.
Strict liability induces an even higher level of care than does negligence liability.
Strict liability involves the assessment of liability on the basis of the defect itself.
Strict liability is actually a narrowly prescribed rule of law.
Strict liability is also a theory applicable in product liability cases.
Strict liability is based on a theory of responsibility which requires no finding of negligence.
Strict liability means liability imposed without any evidence of negligence.
Strict limits reduce the advantage of wealthy contributors.
Strict lockstep is good because it promotes a noncompetitive culture.
Strict measures are in place to assure confidentiality.
Strict mode has no effect on semicolon insertion in the above cases.
Strict mode is optional.
Strict movement controls around the infected areas and suspect sites.
Strict observance is enjoined.
Strict operators require all operands to be data.
Strict penalties can apply in case of abuse.
Strict policies are in place regarding the make-up of missed labs.
Strict procedures are absolutely essential regarding the pick- up of any child.
Strict professionalism is important.
Strict proof is demanded at the hearing if relevant.
Strict proof is demanded at the hearing.
Strict protocol is necessary for the study to qualify as research.
Strict protocol is used to ensure safety, with pickup by parents or authorized persons only.
Strict quarantine is required.
Strict regulation drives up labour costs.
Strict regulations apply to all narcotics and controlled substances.
Strict regulations apply to off-campus employment.
Strict regulations apply to the use of isocyanates as such.
Strict regulations ensure that the food is both hygenically prepared and safe, so have no fear.
Strict regulations exist in most countries for risk assessment.
Strict regulations govern every aspect of the engine's materials and construction.
Strict regulations govern how organic livestock and crops can be raised.
Strict regulations govern the purchase, ownership, and carrying of firearms in Vancouver.
Strict regulations govern the transportation and handling of radioactive material.
Strict regulations prevent construction, hunting, and drainage.
Many strict regulations dictate what is to be worn and done to mourn the dead after burial.
Strict requirements exist for all winter use activities.
Strict restrictions apply against the import of weapons, narcotics, pornography etc.
Strict rules apply at the first degree level for students intending to take a Siv.ing. degree.
Strict rules apply for the use of the machinery and equipment.
Strict rules apply for their use.
Strict rules apply regarding copyrights and timely returns.
Strict rules apply regarding transfer of assets within three years of entering a nursing home.
Strict rules apply to all protests.
Strict rules apply to firearms, pornographic materials and drugs.
Strict rules apply to labeling and marking of food, cosmetic and household products.
Strict rules apply to protect the park's environment.
Strict rules apply to the installation, inspection and use of such equipment.
Strict rules are, obviously, necessary for safety and smooth running.
Strict rules define how HTML tags are to be used.
Strict rules govern contact between college players and sports agents.
Strict rules govern the betting order, which also varies with the type of poker game played.
Strict rules govern the occasion.
Strict rules govern the races.
Strict rules governed take off and landing.
Strict rules have to be followed, though.
Strict rules limiting modifications keep the costs down and the competition fierce.
Strict rules regulate what materials can be used.
Strict rules require standard, metric-sized packages of food products.
Strict rules requires that half of every delegation be female.
Strict sanitation is basic to the successful culture of disease-free geraniums.
Strict sanitation is essential.
Strict sanitation is observed at all times.
Strict scheduling can be the key here.
Strict scrutiny is a test that the state almost always fails.
Strict scrutiny is applied to legislation involving suspect classifications and fundamental rights.
Strict scrutiny is applied to restrictions on political speech.
Strict secrecy is maintained over all patent applications until the patent actually issues.
Strict security monitors access to the campus by both pedestrians and vehicles.
Strict segregationists can clean out one compartment, and then the other.
Strict separatism sees the two fields as entirely distinct, with no interaction.
Strict supervision is advised.
Strict tests exist in law to determine whether land qualifies for a conservation easement.
Strict time limits on bathroom visits.
Strict time limits on beginning and ending.
Strict time limits to detention apply and it is possible to sue in cases of wrongful arrest.
Strict vegetarians are prone to iron-deficiency anemia.
Strict vegetarians get little or no carnitine.
Strict vegetarians tend to be substantially lower than the mean.
Stricter alignment is permitted by an implementation.
Stricter conditions apply to the processing of sensitive data.
Stricter controls are also needed at tourism destinations, the memorandum argues.
Stricter controls are in place for on-street parking in and around the town centre.
Stricter criteria apply, and closer management is in order.
Stricter enforcement can limit both intentional and unintentional infractions.
Stricter penalties apply to convictions for selling illegal drugs.
Stricter rules are already in place to prevent a repeat.
Stricter standards are in effect in some countries.
Any stricter standard is at risk of being challenged by another country as a trade barrier.
Stricter supervision is needed to avoid worse incidents in the future.
Stricter supervision is needed.
Strictness analysis aids inductive proofs.
Stricture also develops in women, though much less often.
Stricture causes difficulty with swallowing because food sticks at the narrowing.
Stricture is a tight spot somewhere along the urine channel.
Stricture is criticism
Stricture is criticism.
Stricture is mandates.
Strictures are scars that narrow the urethra and obstruct the urinary flow.
Strictures can occur that partially block the bowel.
Strictures can result from infection, trauma, and congenital malformations.
Strictures usually occur in the small intestine but can also occur in the large intestine.
A stride is a step
Stride isa action.
Strides are advancement.
Strides clearly are in the eye of the beholder.
Strides welcomes walkers and runners of all ages.
Any strides being made have to be against cupcakes.
Some strides are part of shuffles.
Some strides are part of sleepwalkings.
A strider is a footer
Strider has good yield potential being similar to Eight-Twelve.
Strider is a true gentleman.
Strider is definetly a class act.
Strider is the first step in the emergence of talking navigation system in the general market.
Strider leaves for a meeting during a student-led discussion.
Strider tells everyone to hide.
Striders are pedestrians.
Striders are water insects.
A stridor is a symptom
Stridor is a harsh raspy breathing sound heard mostly when breathing in.
Stridor is a harsh, raspy sound heard with breathing in.
Stridor is a physical finding associated with upper airway obstruction.
Stridor is accentuated by crying and being excited.
Stridor is an ominous sign.
Stridor is high-pitched, noisy breathing.
Stridor is most often inspiratory.
Stridor is usually only present when crying or coughing.
Stridor is usually only present with crying or coughing.
Stridor is usually present only with crying or coughing.
Stridor occurs as the opening between the cords becomes more narrow.
Stridor occurs as the opening between the vocal cords becomes more narrow.
Stridor occurs as the opening just below the cords becomes more narrow.
Stridor occurs, as the opening between the vocal cords becomes narrower.
Stridor suggests an impending airway crisis.
Stridors are symptoms.
All stridor needs to be treated with warm mist.
A stridulation is noise
Stridulation also seems to summon rescuers after a nest cave-in.
Stridulation refers to sounds produced by rubbing body parts together.
Strike action can also raise wider questions about the world.
Strike action is threatened for the middle of next month.
Strike action needs to commence within four weeks of the date of the ballot result.
Strike pay is a wage
Strike pay is non-taxable.
Strike price is determined quarterly and options can be exercised after three years.
Strike prices are two letter codes determined by using the Strike Price Tables.
Strike prices remain the same.
Strike Rate is calculated by dividing the number of winning bets by the number of bets.
Strike Rate see incidence.
Strike yellow flowers add color.
A strike zone is a zone
Strike zone illustrates flight of ball.
Strike zone is approximately knees to armpits high, across the width of the plate.
Strike zones are smaller to ensure more hits and more action.
Strike zones are zones.
A strike is a direct action
Strike affects air passengers.
Strike also includes cleaning.
Strike begins immediately after final curtain and is approximately two hours in length.
Strike explains three related steps to test whether equal respect is present.
Strike has to be fast.
Strike is a bi-directional, so either azimuth is correct.
Strike is a clocker.
Strike is a convicted bank robber.
Strike is a direction taken by a bedding plane as it intersects the horizontal.
Strike is always at a right angle to dip .
Strike is always perpendicular to direction of dip.
Strike is analogous to the trend of a topographic contour line.
Strike is avoided after eight hours of talks.
Strike is completed in a crossed stance, legs slightly bent.
Strike is completed in a left front stance.
Strike is defined as the hand forcefully contacting a suface.
Strike is made with middle bone of the fingers.
Strike is represented by a compass direction.
Strike is simply the azimuth of the structure contours.
Strike is the direction of the fault measured from clockwise to the north.
Strike is the new interactive network demanded by and built by traders.
Strike is very fast.
Strike is where things started to fall apart.
Strike is work.
Strike is written with two lines crossing two lines.
Strike isa activity.
Strike isa protest.
Strike means a pitch at which a batter swings and misses.
Strike now becomes the prime target in the officer's inverstigation.
Strike represents the price for which the Call or Put option contract is currently traded.
Strike See Fly strike and Sheep strike.
Strike works in a Brooklyn project as a clocker, a slang term for the lowest level of drug dealer.
Strikes accelerate anthracite s decline.
Strikes add spares earn more points.
Strikes are a last resort.
Strikes are a legitimate weapon in a democratic society.
Strikes are a more prominent feature of district labor markets than in many years.
Strikes are absolutely vicious, like somebody dropped a washing machine into the water.
Strikes are all about leverage.
Strikes are also mandatory and there is no way to make up for a missed strike.
Strikes are always unfortunate.
Strikes are at an all-time low.
Strikes are attacks.
Strikes are common and there is no attempt anywhere in Greece to segregate smokers.
Strikes are devastating to everybody. . . .
Strikes are due to two causes.
Strikes are emotional and fast moving.
Strikes are frequent.
Strikes are good for the spirit.
Strikes are identified by holding the rod tip several inches above the reel.
Strikes are illegal.
Strikes are in all different directions.
Strikes are industrial actions.
Strikes are legal and do occur, although foreign labor organizers have been arrested and deported.
Strikes are legal and occur frequently.
Strikes are legal, and collective bargaining is common.
Strikes are legal.
Strikes are like lawsuits and wars.
Strikes are likely to come from sanitation workers or from hospital employees.
Strikes are mainly palm and forearm strikes.
Strikes are much rarer on humans since they are more aware.
Strikes are never flippant acts.
Strikes are now at their lowest level since records began.
Strikes are now secular in nature.
Strikes are often in the news but are rare.
Strikes are often like random bolts of lightning, suddenly fish move to a fly and it disappears.
Strikes are often visible as competing fish crash the lure as it is across the surface.
Strikes are particularly more common when negotiating a first contract.
Strikes are permitted, and collective bargaining is widely practiced.
Strikes are permitted, but participation in strike activity is low.
Strikes are pitch.
Strikes are rare and, when they occur, usually illegal and short.
Strikes are rare, and when they occur are usually illegal and short.
Strikes are rare.
Strikes are scores.
Strikes are still the best weapon for the working class to share in the recent economic prosperity.
Strikes are tough on everybody - workers, the company, the community, friends.
Strikes are ugly.
Strikes are unlawful.
Strikes are up.
Strikes are very rare and are voted on campus by campus.
Strikes are very rare, but sometimes necessary.
Strikes are very uncommon today.
Strikes are what Tabion aims for.
Strikes based on political demands are illegal.
Strikes break out around Detroit, with few wins for workers.
Strikes can also have a further impact.
Strikes can be deceptively subtle.
Strikes can be fearful and stressful events.
Strikes can be spectacular.
Strikes can fail.
Strikes come like a cinder block hitting the water.
Strikes continue to disrupt life in Bangladesh.
Strikes count the hour.
Strikes do happen, but they are exceedingly rare.
Strikes do still break out.
Strikes enemies in a chain reaction.
Strikes fear into the hearts of men.
Strikes fuel mini boom for labor attorneys.
Strikes generally take the form of a picket line .
Strikes generally take the form of a picket line.
Strikes go across the page.
Strikes ground twice with staff.
Strikes have a way of becoming bigger with each passing year.
Strikes have finish.
Strikes have impact.
Strikes hit shipping.
Strikes lose legal protection if unlawful tactics are used.
Strikes mean big money to union management.
Strikes normally occur when the lure is falling.
Strikes occur from time to time.
Strikes occur within the paper industry.
Strikes particularly provoke government and employers' ire.
Strikes resolve, and damage is dealt, but no damage is healed or prevented until the next step.
Strikes result in potential hazards to passengers and crew, as well as damage to planes.
Strikes serve no useful purpose.
Strikes still mean something in Seattle, and recycling is a reflex.
Strikes still take place, whether they are violent or non-violent.
Strikes take center stage.
Strikes take many forms and range widely in extent and duration.
Strikes vary from long repelling strikes to extremely short distance strikes.
Strikes often come when the boat begins moving forward again.
Strikes often occur as a nymph is motionless, or slowly sinking.
Strikes often occur at the start of the swing.
Strikes usually come as the lure passes across stream or immediately after the drift stops.
Strikes usually come during the pause between jerks.
Strikes usually occur as a nymph is motionless, or slowly sinking.
Strikes usually result from properly presented live bait.
All strike fear in our hearts.
Any strike affects people beyond the strikers and their employers.
Every strike does irreparable damage.
Every strike is a block, every block is a strike.
Every strike is at a target.
Many strikes happen at the beginning and end of storms.
Many strikes occur when the bait deflects off objects.
Many strikes only last a day or two.
More strikes are in the offing.
Most strikes come just as the lure to starting to move after being stopped for a while.
Most strikes have impact.
Some strikes are easier to explain than others.
Some strikes are inevitable given the sequoias' longevity.
Some strikes are still broken.
Some strikes are unlawful because of the improper goals or objectives of the strike.
Some strikes cause fire.
Some strikes cause injuries.
Some strikes focus on the economic situation.
Some strikes increase chances.
Some strikes kill fighters.
Some strikes kill hostages.
Some strikes kill women.
Some strikes occur in states.
Some strikes result in ingestion.
A strikeout is an out
Strikeout just puts a line right through the centre of the text, ie crossing it out.
Strikeouts are boring and besides that, they're facist.
Strikeouts are boring and besides that, they're fascist.
Strikeouts are boring, and besides that they're fascist.
Strikeouts are boring, besides that, they're fascist.
Strikeouts are fascist, ground balls are more democratic.
Strikeouts are good, but outs are what counts.
Strikeouts are nice but they are a small part of pitching.
Strikeouts are outs.
Strikeouts are overrated, they really are.
Strikeouts are to be removed.
Strikeouts are up, and walks are down.
Strikeouts are up.
Strikeouts are very nice to get, firing up the home crowd or deflating rallies.
Strikeouts bring in the next batter and outs end the inning.
Strikeouts come with the territory.
Strikeouts indicate present wording to be deleted, and underlining indicates the proposed wording.
Strikeouts look great, and they feel great.
A striker is a person
Striker is in relation to the three strikes law.
Striker milks the opportunity for all it is worth.
Striker specializes in the research and execution of trading systems.
Striker takes all the trading commissions.
Striker uses on the floor to fill our traders orders.
Strikers are athletes.
Strikers are brass for the copper triangle and copper for the brass triangle.
Strikers are compact and durable.
Strikers are mechanical devices.
Strikers are the first players to get tired in a situation like that.
Strikers blame management.
Strikers celebrate a victory.
Strikers charge that in return newspapers agreed to a press blackout along the border.
Strikers claim that local jails have also been a source of recruits.
Strikers continue to have strong winning records in Montana soccer.
Strikers deny such allegations.
Strikers gather groceries as the strike begins.
Strikers give clues as too when they are going to shoot the ball.
Strikers have to play where they belong, as do the midfielders.
Strikers hold the line.
Strikers report that among drivers and workers in the maintenance shops, about half are out.
Strikers risk a maximum sentence of seven years by the special courts.
Strikers say their most important help came from copper miners and unions north of the border.
Strikers stage a mock funeral at city hall, lamenting the death of freedom in Memphis.
Strikers stick together like true brothers and sisters.
Strikers walk the streets trashing every business trying to get in.
All strikers are to return to their jobs pending arbitration.
Many strikers begin to organise picket lines themselves and run strike meetings.
Many strikers say they feel forced to go on strike.
Some striking correlations connected to the evolution of plants are nevertheless obvious.
Striking exercises become ways to learn to focus the spirit as well as the power of the fist.
Most striking feature is a ruff of feathers barred crosswise on upper chest.
Most striking feature is the plethora of Iranian women seen working everywhere.
Some striking finds stand out.
Striking graphics mean a lot.
Striking loads have high endurance at rinsing and protect from corrosion.
Striking names are hard for a reader to forget.
Striking parallels show up here.
Striking priors is different.
Striking results can occur within minutes.
Some striking shifts associated with current warming trends are already under way.
Striking teachers are skeptical of the district's offer.
Striking teachers say they want contracts that deal with wage increases and job security.
String arrangements abound.
String art is a unique way of forming small pictures commonly seen in boutiques and gift shops.
String bags are an asset for containing farm fresh fruits and vegetables.
String bands have their own musicians that play their club's own musicial arrangements.
String bands play all night and women in grass skirts and men in lava lava dance until dawn.
A string bean is a green bean
String beans are annuals and like sun, space and slightly acid, well-draining soil.
String beans are best when they feel heavy and plump.
String beans are whole, immature pods, while shell beans are the seeds inside more mature pods.
String bikinis are a great choice for lean, slender bodies because they're so feminine-looking.
String buffers are good candidates for pooling, because of their supporting character arrays.
String buffers are safe for use by multiple threads.
String buffers support mutable strings.
Every string buffer has a capacity.
String comparison is defined as per the Unicode standard.
String comparison requires strings of the same length.
String comparisons are case sensitive.
String comparisons are case-insensitive.
String comparisons require eq, ne, gt, ge, lt, and le.
All string comparisons are case-insensitive.
String concatenation has a similar effect.
String concatenation is initally cheap, but the costs grow quickly.
String courses are above the first and fourth levels, as on the main facade of the building.
String dualities play a significant role in the analysis.
String figures are designs formed from nothing more than a loop of string.
String figures are lots of fun.
Most string figures consist of a design stretched between parallel upper and lower frame lines.
All string functions use zero as the index of the first character.
Some string functions are didactic, indicating that they operate on two or more strings at once.
String instruments are by far the most difficult to make realistic.
String instruments are instruments.
String instruments are located in cabinets.
String instruments become less popular.
String instruments belong in the orchestra and woodwinds, brass, and percussion are in the band.
String instruments can last for centuries.
String instruments come with rosin and fully adjusted and ready to play.
String instruments included are violin, viola, cello, and string bass.
String instruments vary in form, shape and size.
All string instruments require the strings to be loosened prior to transport.
Most string instruments are played using a bow or by using the fingers to 'pluck' the strings.
String length equals the index of the first null.
String length is limited only by memory and by the size of an unsigned int .
String length is limited only by memory.
String length refers to the distance from nut to bridge.
String manipulation is a major source of such defects.
String manipulations involve creating, deleting, and rearranging pieces of strings.
Most string manipulation is performed using intrinsic functions.
String music enhances the tours.
String operations are fast .
String operations are many times faster.
String operations are notoriously error-prone.
A string quartet is a musical group
String quartet completes the sonority.
String quartets are quartets.
String quartets are the most popular form of chamber music .
String quartets are the most popular form of chamber music.
String quartets are the richest resources of ensemble music.
String quartets can be magnificent, but chess is an orchestra.
String quartets can form long-term relationships with composers.
String search is available within each file.
A string section is a section
String section joins in at 'b'.
String sections meet daily.
String sextets are normally for two violins, two violas and two cellos.
String substitution allows converting special characters.
String tags are available at office supply stores.
String theorists are a bit like a pack of hounds following an extremely promising scent.
String theorists postulate that space contains tiny, unseen dimensions.
A string theory is a model
String theories are models.
String theories have a coupling constant .
String theories have a coupling constant.
String theory attempts to resolve such contradictions with a logically consistent set of rules.
String theory claims to be just that.
String theory comes along, and solves that problem.
String theory describes states in terms of vertex-operators.
String theory describes the black hole as a bound state of specific constituents.
String theory has a rich mathematical structure that is still being explored.
String theory has two defining features.
String theory helps in a number of ways.
String theory is a beautiful dream, beautifully told in The Elegant Universe .
String theory is a promising candidate for a complete quantum theory of gravity.
String theory is a proposal to unify gravitation with the other forces in a single quantum theory.
String theory is a very recent development in physics.
String theory is an example of a theory of quantum gravity.
String theory is an exception but is based on completely different paradigms.
String theory is an extremely ambitious activity.
String theory is believed to be the long sought after unified theory of everything .
String theory is currently our best hope of unifying physics.
String theory is hard and it's frustrating in a way, because it requires so much background.
String theory is one of the most interesting developments in modern physics.
String theory is one of the most laughable contraptions physicists have ever devised.
String theory is still a work in progress.
String theory is still in a premature stage.
String theory makes sense only because it solves certain insoluble problems.
String theory postulates the existence of additional dimensions .
String theory provides one such model.
String theory says that there are long, one dimensional, strings that float around the universe.
String tricks are widespread and surely ancient.
String trimmers are popular and easy to use.
String trimmers can also open wounds that are later infested with borers.
String trimmers get their name from the rapidly spinning nylon string with which they cut.
String vibration creates soundboard vibration.
String affects the form of the sign in the edited output string.
String allows any character string to be entered.
String allows arbitrary strings as parameters.
String also has a little word in it.
String are case sensitive.
String beads Open pins and string seed beads on front shank.
String buzzing in the higher positions can indicate too much neck relief or a warped neck.
String Can refer to either a string value or a string variable .
String carries Seventy across none friendship off the quotes.
String carries sound better than air.
String containing text whose average human reading time is to be calculated.
String Contains a password to be used to authenticate to a remote server.
String Contains a string of characters.
String contains the text of the title.
String Create a new String object whose default value is the value of the string.
String defines a character string to create the label.
String designates the operator.
String does TV above shore over any inline-skating once freeze beside some office.
String earn underneath several ashes but collect relocation expenses.
String extends Visitor.
String floats in water.
String fold out a knives because archived message board free.
String Get the next n characters.
String Get the next string surrounded by the ch character.
String Get the next word up to a space tab or new line.
String gives the input to be parsed and formatString indicates how to parse it.
String goes between crab's body and nippers.
String has (part) sections.
String has good pop but lacks control and tension maintenance.
String has nice give but lacks power.
String has pretty good feel on drop shots.
String has wire.
String Holds the path currently displayed in the local file list.
String Holds the returned string.
String includes all possible character strings.
String Indicates the most recently entered command that begins with the specified string.
String indicates what the missing argument is presumed to be.
String is a built-in type.
String is a class .
String is a sequence of bytes terminated by a null character.
String is an input file containing vplot-format plot commands.
String is any variable that contains alpha characters as data.
String is apparently very hard to come by.
String is attached to the pushup axle and weights are added to the string.
String is collections.
String is computerese for a string of characters, what most people call words.
String is cord
String is cord.
String is cut short only for photo.
String is either a string or the field containing the string to be searched.
String is elastic, it can stretch.
String is fiber.
String is filled to the left side.
String is included for easy dancing and traveling.
String is laid under the tape to enable easier player orientation.
String is located in atoms.
String is located in guitars.
String is located in kites.
String is located in quarks.
String is located in spools.
String is made of cotton.
String is optional.
String is part of kites.
String is placed at the middle of the specified y -position.
String is placed in the tabla to lift the annular membrane and reduce the dampening effect.
String is ropes.
String is sequences.
String is serieses.
String is sprayed, cake goes up in flames.
String is subject to the same prohibitions as tape.
String is such a class.
String is things written between quotation marks.
String is unsightly, and uncovered wire breaks the stems.
String is URL encoded .
String is used for guitars.
String is used for ties.
String is used for violins.
String is used to sew it.
String is very light also, but it only works in tension.
String is viewed as a sequence of lines.
String is wound around a spinner placed in a starting box.
String is wound around the dowel that goes through the center of the gangsing .
String is wrapped around each student s ring finger.
String isa cord.
String jumping is an archers worst nightmare.
String matching The test command provides limited string matching tests.
String modified with comma grouping if source was all numeric, otherwise source is returned.
String plays very dead with a spongy feel.
String Put the characters in aString at the next locations in the buffer.
String refers to actual words.
String represents fixed-length, immutable character sequences.
String Returns the currency symbol based on the country code.
String Returns the date of a time value as text.
String Returns the decimal separator character from the country information.
String Returns the letter of the current drive.
String Returns the name of a file in an archive by index.
String Returns the name of the current server.
String Returns the name of the math coprocessor.
String Returns the name of the user currently logged onto the system.
String Returns the name part of a file name.
String searching is the most obvious technique.
String seems brittle.
String spacing between strings is uneven.
String starts with double quote, continues until closing double quote.
String suggest toward an cushion either do titleist x-out golf balls.
String teaches line dancing.
String tuning pegs are in a straight line with the nut grooves.
String warn below the restaurant however expect sands pro football.
String Writes String at x,y.
Strings absorb shock well.
Strings accent the swirl, which seems to contain transmuted human voices.
Strings allows appliances to leverage the capabilities of other appliances within the network.
Strings also lose tone.
Strings appear in red.
Strings appear in the written representation as if written by write-string instead of by write .
Strings are a big problem.
Strings are a bit more complex.
Strings are a compacted energy source in one dimension.
Strings are a complicated thing to advise on.
Strings are a concept .
Strings are a finicky bunch.
Strings are a real pain.
Strings are a sequence of letters, numbers and other characters.
Strings are a simple resource that holds a chunk of Unicode encoded data.
Strings are a special case, since they are arrays.
Strings are a time and space efficient mechanism to handle text in Prolog.
Strings are a tricky thing for pardessus.
Strings are actually matrices of characters.
Strings are also first class objects in Java.
Strings are always immutable, e.i.
Strings are an interesting complement to working with numbers.
Strings are arrays of characters.
Strings are arrays of chars, terminated in a special way.
Strings are arrays of chars.
Strings are arrays which are used to hold words, sentences and messages.
Strings are black fish-line or heavy linen thread or carpet thread.
Strings are busy but largely subservient to winds and percussion.
Strings are collections of characters, sometimes called text, data.
Strings are consecutive sequences of characters and can occupy several bytes of memory.
Strings are c-style, null terminated.
Strings are dangerous.
Strings are either steel or brass, and are plucked by a long cherry bark plectrum.
Strings are equal then return true.
Strings are good.
Strings are hard to remove and even harder to replace.
Strings are harp specific, except for pedal harps.
Strings are here and there rhythmically ragged.
Strings are higher in 'b'section.
Strings are immutable .
Strings are immutable and have a concatenation operation.
Strings are immutable, so each time a string is changed, a new instance in memory is created.
Strings are immutable.
Strings are inexpensive, so keep a generous supply on hand.
Strings are just arrays of character which use the null char as a sentinel.
Strings are more complicated.
Strings are much the most useful.
Strings are now available in two different 'flavors'.
Strings are now in disfavour.
Strings are null-terminated ascii.
Strings are nylon.
Strings are objects, numbers are objects, threads are objects, even applets are objects.
Strings are Objects, so they can be pushed onto a Stack.
Strings are objects.
Strings are of type string .
Strings are of variable length.
Strings are once again the sound source.
Strings are one of the most simple kinds of variables.
Strings are perhaps simplest to understand.
Strings are pieces of text of unlimited length.
Strings are pointless.
Strings are probably the most straightforward section of the orchestra to transpose for.
Strings are self-evaluating objects.
Strings are significant to the grammar so only use single quotes where they are needed.
Strings are similar to sequences of type char, and have both a bound and unbounded version.
Strings are so sensitive that intonation can vary when a guitar is vertical or horizontal.
Strings are sometimes a special case of equivalency in Java.
Strings are stretched across the length of the fingerboard, raised slightly by the bridge.
Strings are the biggest example of the Failure to use the shared allocator problem mentioned above.
Strings are the clustering of the fast spins in vertical direction.
Strings are tiny, circular, one dimensional shapes, exactly like elastic bands, but with no width.
Strings are too tight.
Strings are useful for holding all types of long input.
Strings are useful for holding regular expressions.
Strings are useful to prevent loss and help keep the plugs clean.
Strings are very good at pulling forces but they are no use for pushing.
Strings are very useful for giving nicely formatted responses to user commands.
Strings are very useful for manipulating chunks of text.
Strings Attached In venture capital, as in life, there are no guarantees.
Strings beads on a shoelace.
Strings behave in a special way here .
Strings break, bridges come off, a whole mishmash of things can happen.
Strings can be input and output via the input and output streams, cin and cout .
Strings can be local to a procedure.
Strings can be of any length.
Strings can be open or closed .
Strings can contain any characters, including numbers.
Strings can contain the new line and other special characters.
Strings can have characters escaped.
Strings can have more than one line.
Strings can hold extent and text properties.
Strings can hold text properties.
Strings can vary in length.
Strings carry our emotions up and down.
Strings Change the strings frequently.
Strings come in a great variety.
Strings complement that type of music.
Strings correspond to the coordinate values.
Strings corresponding to error codes are available.
Strings create a kind of baroque-rock atmosphere, accompanied by echoes and vocal twists.
Strings develop as people pick up on a topic and discuss it.
Strings drawn by the charstr subroutine are subject to clipping and z-buffering.
Strings enhance the performance of any racquet.
Strings enter and disappear at the appropriate moments.
Strings especially sound great.
Strings feed in through back of the body.
Strings fit that description.
Strings has a children's menu, and crayons for coloring.
Strings has a living room atmosphere as well as an inviting courtyard and meditation garden.
Strings have a beautiful golden sheen, woodwinds glow and brass resonate thrillingly.
Strings have large loop ends.
Strings have less of a problem sustaining pitch while holding notes.
Strings have some wear.
Strings have value semantics, meaning that a copy is done when one string is assigned to another.
Strings heralds in the era of truly intelligent media appliances.
Strings interact by splitting and joining.
Strings is a completely volunteer operation.
Strings is a private venue.
Strings is a valuable resource for teachers and students, amateurs and professionals.
Strings is available today to top tier manufacturers.
Strings is written by and for players and teachers of bowed stringed instruments.
Strings just work.
Strings keep their type.
Strings live on the global stack and their storage is thus reclaimed on backtracking.
Strings look a lot like arrays.
Strings lose elasticity with time, one type of string faster, another type of string slower.
Strings lose their uniform consistency as well as attract hand oil and dirt.
Strings manages the routing, transformation and delivery of rich audio from the PC to the tablet.
Strings offers valet parking at lunch and dinner.
Strings play largely at the unison or octave, and winds are usually reduced to solos or duets.
Strings plays out laterally and defends the run well.
Strings pose a strangulation hazard because they can get caught on equipment.
Strings provide a conceptually simple respresentation for many processes.
Strings provides communications and user interface elements that can run on a variety of devices.
Strings represent character, as well as numeric, data.
Strings representing item names are never free 'd in the library.
Strings rise behind a smooth male chorus.
Strings scream while the horns climax to a victorious crescendo.
Strings sound like raucous cackling and nervous pecking of chickens in a barnyard.
Strings sound silky smooth.
Strings sound sweet and detailed and are only harsh on bad recordings.
Strings span the generation gap many times over.
Strings tend to expand or contract when confronted with sudden changes in temperature.
Strings always have a null terminator at the end.
Strings Always use good quality strings.
All string stops with varying amounts of harmonic development, depending upon the manufacturer.
All strings are available by mail order.
All strings are evenly spaced, spatial distance equals tonal distance.
All strings are identical.
All strings are in resonance.
All strings are kept in a resource file, so localization is easy.
All strings are null-terminated.
All strings are plain steel with loop ends.
All strings are wound, minimizing the irritating effects of hand perspiration on the string.
All strings are wound.
All strings have loop ends.
Any string can be a valid prompt.
Any string following the set identifier is treated as a comment.
Any string following the set number is treated as a comment.
Any String formatted by format is guaranteed to be parseable by parseObject .
Any string is acceptable except .readonly or .backup.
Any string is accepted .
Any string is accepted -T .
Any string s with words inside fall into the Textual category.
Every string has at least one field, even if it is empty.
Every string has different Tone.
Every string has integrity and rings true.
Every string is labeled with the letter of the note it plays.
Every string subscripting expression produces a trapped variable.
Many strings signify a very active gene.
More string is let out and the kite and camera move up and out.
More strings are localisable in language files.
More strings make the instrument sound fuller .
More strings make the instrument sound fuller.
Most string has wire.
Most string is made of cotton.
Most strings here are fairly general anyway.
Some string consists of drill pipes.
Some string explains ability.
Some string has forces.
Some string has horizontal forces.
Some string has rooms.
Some string has types.
Some string produces sound.
Some string touches tables.
Some strings are better than others.
Some strings are too ambiguous to be easily translated.
Stringed anklets are in.
Stringed instruments are located in bands.
Stringed instruments are located in concerts.
Stringed instruments are located in music stores.
Stringed instruments are located in rock bands.
Stringed instruments are located in string quartets.
Stringed instruments are musical instruments.
Stringed instruments are used for fun.
Stringed instruments are used for orchestras.
Most stringed instruments are period in some form.
Stringed knockers are heavy weights suspended on strong cords.
More stringent clearing is required near transmission lines.
Stringent conditions are sequence dependent and are different in different circumstances.
Stringent controls are in place in all areas to ensure the integrity of inventory.
Stringent criteria exist for conditional licensing as well as for the full federal licensing.
Stringent government controls on the location of pig farms and re-stocking are in place.
Most stringent problem is the housing both in terms of quantity and quality.
Stringent regulation is necessary to protect the public.
Stringent regulations controlling the civil and military use of RF fields exist in most countries.
Stringent regulations govern lab animal care.
Stringent regulations have the potential to constitute a taking.
More stringent regulation is needed to protect the public health.
More stringent requirements apply for alterations and new construction.
More stringent rules apply to exports.
A stringer is a player
Stringer cites three main goals.
Stringer draws on deep reservoirs of charm and humor to disarm competitors.
Stringer has no problem putting the situation in the correct perspective.
Stringer holds the honor of being the most highly ranking foreigner in any Japanese company.
Stringer inspires a great deal of loyalty from outside as well as within the company.
Stringer is a tall man with broad shoulders and a powerful frame.
Stringer is constantly on the lookout for a new deal, a new partner, a new idea.
Stringer is Minnesota's right tackle.
Stringer later vanishes after a mysterious accident on an aeroplane.
Stringer paints an uncompromising picture of life on the streets.
Stringer thinks it was.
Stringers are braces.
Stringers are correspondents.
Stringers are fiberglass-encapsulated wood, and plywood bulkheads are glassed to the hull.
Stringers are fiberglass-encapsulated wood, and plywood bulkheads are resin coated.
Stringers are freelancers.
Stringers are from construction grade pine.
Stringers are players.
Stringers are the narrow strings of glass that are used to make fine details.
Stringers are the pieces that run horizontally between the posts and support the fence boards.
Stringers are timber.
Stringers are uniquely critical to power boats since powerboats travel at much higher speeds.
Stringers are unnecessary except as chine logs.
Stringers are workers.
Stringers consist of three narrow pieces of wood glued together.
Stringers reinforce the hull, and bulkheads are tabbed to both the hull and deck.
Stringers span longitudinally, parallel to the trusses spanning the floorbeams.
Stringers weave the suspenders from the cables.
All stringers are foam cored for longevity, stiffness and lighter weight.
Most stringers develop personal favorites.
Some stringers have an identity or small logo burnt in their camera so that it appears on tape.
Some stringers have their own health insurance.
Some stringing setups are almost impossible to figure out without instructions.
Stringy algae can occur even in ponds with clear water.
Stringy foods are also bad for rabbits, including celery, asparagus, and rhubarb.
Strip bass larvae feed on zooplankton.
Strip bonds eliminate re-investment risk.
Strip cameras come in all kinds of designs and are used for a variety of applications.
Most strip cameras are quite expensive because they are specialized.
Strip caterpillars become black butterflies.
Strip caterpillars become butterflies.
Strip clubs are few and small.
Strip clubs are open night and day.
Strip clubs are pagan temples, pagan shrines.
Strip clubs are tacky.
Strip clubs can be a source of debates in a community.
Strip clubs give dancers full access to the cash drawer.
Most strip clubs are also bars which serve alcohol.
Some strip clubs are crowded, noisy, and tough to get personal attention.
Strip cucumber beetles cause damage.
Strip floor finish only when needed.
Strip hyenas consume animals.
Strip hyenas eat food.
Strip hyenas have skulls.
Strip hyenas need water.
Strip hyenas respond to scent.
Strip lines prefer a high dielectric substrate and minimum height to work properly.
A strip mall is an outlet
Strip mall feel but with good food and entertainment.
Strip malls are an excellent place to practice with lots of distraction.
Strip malls are located in cities.
Strip malls are located in suburban towns.
Strip malls are located in suburbs.
Strip malls are shopping centers.
Strip malls are used for shopping.
Strip malls are used for shops.
Strip malls give way to a panorama of subtropical beauty.
Strip malls have stores.
Strip malls line the streets.
A strip mining is a mining
Strip mining creates irreversible damage to the earth.
Strip mullets have dorsal fins.
Strip mullets have fins.
Strip mullets have separate dorsal fins.
Strips of land linking wildlife reserves are one of the most widely used tools in conservation.
Strip poker is a traditional poker variation where players remove clothing when they lose bets.
A strip search is a search
Strip searches are an everyday fact of life in American jails.
Strip skunks conserve energy.
Strip skunks eat plants.
Strip skunks have ears.
Strip skunks have few natural predators.
Strip skunks have natural predators.
Strip skunks have predators.
Strip skunks have short ears.
Strip skunks have stripes.
Strip skunks have white stripes.
Strip skunks live in areas.
Strip skunks raise tails.
Strip skunks reach maturity.
Strip skunks reach sexual maturity.
Strip skunks rely on senses.
Strip skunks survive first years.
Strip style is the tender cut meat, seasoned and dried that most people are aware of.
A strip is a part
Strip backslashes from a string.
Strip blocks together and add borders.
Strip blossoms off young plants the first year or two in the field.
Strip counts as a means of determining densities and habitat utilization patterns in lake fishes.
Strip isa entity.
Strip kernels from ear with knife.
Strip leaves and flowers after they are crispy and dry.
Strip leaves and silk from corn and discard.
Strip leaves from rosemary sprigs.
Strip searches in Toronto.
Strip searches to be made in detention centres for the first time.
Strip searches, in particular, are likely to subject a district to a court challenge.
Strip searches, one boy remarks.
Strip steal by night.
Strip suffixes .
Strip trim pieces in gutter.
Strips adhere with self-adhesive backing for easy placement.
Strips allow for easy removal of stables later.
Strips also have a tab that can be used to support itself between frames.
Strips appear to be a significant cause of injury.
Strips are artifacts.
Strips are belt-like pieces over one foot long.
Strips are depicted so that their posterior end is oriented toward the lower left of the figure.
Strips are easy for outdoor lap-writing.
Strips are individually frozen.
Strips are lumber.
Strips are parts.
Strips are perpendicular to wires.
Strips are slips.
Strips are so small.
Strips are the income components of a bond.
Strips are virtually impossible to find and remove.
Strips can resize horizontally or vertically by rows or columns.
Strips come in a recycled paper envelope.
Strips fill both needs .
Strips have adhesive backs.
Strips have the added benefit of an optical window with a flat readable bottom.
Strips pay their full face value at a specified maturity date.
Strips reduce noise and are suitable for any application.
Strips simply peel off without damaging the road surface.
Strips slide easily into an attractive durable aluminum mounting bar.
All strips are archival for the moment.
All strips are black and white and unframed.
All strips have three panels.
Most strips are available one week after print publication, and have archive access.
Most strips are one week old.
Most strips switch between gags and plot, and they're good like that.
Some strip skunks infect with rabies.
Some strip skunks prefer fields.
Some strips have a small but loyal following.
Some strips just beg to be done for their silly, though classic punchline.
Some strips measure only urine glucose or only ketones.
Stripe alignment is only necessary for independent RAID systems.
Stripe blight is blight
Stripe blight produces elongated spots with no pale margins.
Stripe colors can be orange, maroon, rust, brown, or black.
Stripe formation is a very frequent phenomenon at very different developmental situations.
Stripe number has no effect on survival or reproduction of the weevils.
Stripe parity is generated on writes, recorded on the parity disk, and checked on reads.
Stripe patterns are vertical.
Stripe patterns differ among individual tigers and from one side of the cat s body to the other.
Stripe rust can be a serious disease of older club varieties.
Stripe rust can be a severe disease in cool moist climates.
Stripe rust has no known alternate host.
Stripe rust is a common disease of wheat and barley in the Pacific northwest.
Stripe rust is an aggressive disease that thrives in wet, cool weather.
Stripe rust is favored by cool, humid weather.
Stripe rust is rare in Kansas because it requires very cool weather.
Stripe rust is similar to leaf rust, but there are two major differences.
Stripe rust is the problem.
Stripe rust is widespread on winter wheat in South Dakota.
Stripe rust occurs sporadically on winter and irrigated wheats.
Stripe sets are the most critical here.
Stripe smut is favored by moderate temperatures and is prevalent in spring and fall.
A stripe is adornment
Stripe isa decoration.
Stripe isa ornament.
Stripes add pizzazz to a room and can make a ceiling look higher.
Stripes allow a fish to camouflage itself against the coral.
Stripes also blur a zebra's image as it runs from a predator.
Stripes also have pale, light-blue eyes.
Stripes are a good example.
Stripes are also in skirts and mohair jumpers.
Stripes are approx.
Stripes are badges.
Stripes are common.
Stripes are dominant to plain green coloration.
Stripes are easy to add and by knitting the body longer, it's a dress.
Stripes are evil, they hinder the matching process.
Stripes are faint, paint very nice.
Stripes are kinds.
Stripes are located in streets.
Stripes are marking.
Stripes are more prominent in the summer and less defined in the winter.
Stripes are narrow lines of color that run lengthwise down the snake's body.
Stripes are one of the main defenses of the zebra.
Stripes are particularly easy to create and can look very effective.
Stripes are patterns.
Stripes are prevalent.
Stripes are thin and light black color.
Stripes are very less or absent in males.
Stripes are very popular.
Stripes become brown and dark areas are formed at the nodes.
Stripes can add a new dimension to anyone's wardrobe.
Stripes can be horizontal or vertical.
Stripes come in many shapes and sizes.
Stripes disappear at about one year of age.
Stripes express a desire for orderliness, dependability and conservatism.
Stripes extend down the rather short legs to broad hooves.
Stripes form patterns.
Stripes form triangular patterns.
Stripes give height to a person, and plaids apparently reduce the size.
Stripes go wavy.
Stripes have (part) sections.
Stripes have khaki, blue and white color schemes and are easy to match with all kinds of bottoms.
Stripes indicate outcrops of Cretaceous sedimentary rock.
Stripes indicate surfaces that serve both pedestrians and vehicles.
Stripes is a local restaurant that gets consistently strong reviews.
Stripes is an orangish-brown color with closely aligned black stripes.
Stripes is an orangish-brown tiger with closely aligned black stripes.
Stripes knock slap skates to the background.
Stripes line up on back and arms Sewn in foot pads.
Stripes line up on back and arms.
Stripes mean window is active.
Stripes measure approx.
Stripes printed on the bias are easy fun for block edges.
Stripes retain their leading position, followed by plaid and micro-bow designs.
Stripes run from snouts.
Stripes tend to fade as they grow older.
Stripes vary from light yellow to a rich orange-yellow color.
Stripes vary in length and width among individuals.
Stripes vary in width.
Stripes wear off as zebras grow older.
Stripes work almost as a solid.
Stripes often disappear in the tillering stage.
All stripes are under the clearcoat.
Most stripes extend to the base of the tail.
Most stripes form triangular patterns.
Most stripes run from snouts.
Most stripes vary in width.
Some stripes are part of anoraks.
Some stripes are part of capes.
Some stripes are part of coats.
Some stripes are part of denims.
Some stripes are part of diapers.
Some stripes are part of dominoes.
Some stripes are part of garments.
Some stripes are part of jackets.
Some stripes are part of jeans.
Some stripes are part of jerseys.
Some stripes are part of kilts.
Some stripes are part of laundries.
Some stripes are part of leggings.
Some stripes are part of macs.
Some stripes are part of nightdresses.
Some stripes are part of raglans.
Some stripes are part of raincoats.
Some stripes are part of robes.
Some stripes are part of scarves.
Some stripes are part of shawls.
Some stripes are part of shirts.
Some stripes are part of suits.
Some stripes are part of underwears.
Some stripes are separated by black stripes.
Some stripes are separated by dark stripes.
Some stripes are separated by narrow black stripes.
Some stripes are separated by narrow dark stripes.
Some stripes are separated by narrow stripes.
Some stripes are separated by stripes.
Some stripes extend from backs.
Some stripes extend from chins.
Some stripes extend from corners.
Some stripes extend from edges.
Some stripes extend from eyes.
Some stripes extend from mouths.
Some stripes extend from necks.
Some stripes extend from shoulders.
Some stripes have edges.
Some stripes run across backs.
Some stripes run across bellies.
Some stripes run across eyes.
Some stripes run across foreheads.
Some stripes run across yellow eyes.
Some stripes run down backs.
Some stripes run down centers.
Some stripes run down centres.
Some stripes run down flanks.
Some stripes run down fronts.
Some stripes run down sides.
Some stripes run down spines.
Some stripes run down thighs.
Some stripes serve purposes.
Striped bars represent the toad gastrocnemius.
Striped bass appear in Massachusetts coastal waters in late spring to early summer.
Striped bass appear to be drawn to certain flats.
Striped bass appear to be light green, olive, steel blue, brown or black.
Striped bass appear to have followed the herring down the river.
Striped bass are a favorite of many New York anglers.
Striped bass are active, feeding on schools of shad fingerlings.
Striped bass are also present.
Striped bass are among the missing.
Striped bass are an anadramous ocean fish that travels into fresh water to spawn.
Striped bass are an anadromous species of fish.
Striped bass are an anadromous species offish.
Striped bass are an extremely popular recreational fish.
Striped bass are an important resource, worth more alive than dead.
Striped bass are anadromous fish associated with coastal streams when in freshwater.
Striped bass are anadromous, meaning they live in the ocean but return to freshwater to spawn.
Striped bass are anadromous, migrating to freshwater from the sea to spawn.
Striped bass are another sleeper species.
Striped bass are available spring through fall.
Striped bass are believed to spawn only in fresh water in which there is an appreciable current.
Striped bass are fair on live shad.
Striped bass are good on live shad.
Striped bass are great eating provided.
Striped bass are hard to find.
Striped bass are important predators in coastal and marine ecosystems.
Striped bass are in the bay, but terrible wind has made fishing tough and water muddy.
Striped bass are large aggressive fish that fear nothing.
Striped bass are migratory fish that can tolerate a variety of environmental conditions.
Striped bass are native to the east coast of North America.
Striped bass are notorious for seasonal diets.
Striped bass are omnivorous, eating both plants and animals.
Striped bass are opportunistic feeders.
Striped bass are present seasonally.
Striped bass are roamers.
Striped bass are slow.
Striped bass are usually three and one-third times as long as they are deep.
Striped bass can feed on large gizzard shad, which few other predators can utilize efficiently.
Striped bass can live in rivers, estuaries and the ocean, but they migrate upriver for spawning.
Striped bass can live in salt or fresh water.
Striped bass come up the Hudson River a spawn here.
Striped bass continue to be the mainstay fishing for the lake.
Striped bass fingerling mortality involves multiple factors.
Striped bass has firm and flavorful flesh with a large flake.
Striped bass has white meat with a mild flavor and a medium texture.
Striped bass have dark brown spots and stripes.
Striped bass have seven to nine unbroken stripes along each side.
Striped bass have two separate patches.
Striped bass hit like runaway freight trains.
Striped bass is an open-water species that prefers to feed upon shad.
Striped bass is fish.
Striped bass is reduced to a handful of individuals.
Striped bass is sea bass
Striped bass is sea bass.
Striped bass is stocked periodically, offering fisherman yet another challenge.
Striped bass is the marquee fish among the sea basses.
Striped bass is the top sportfish in the lake, with largemouth bass another top catch.
Striped bass live in the ocean but spawn in fresh water rivers.
Striped bass love the lure.
Striped bass require moving water to spawn.
Striped bass spend the majority of their adult life in coastal estuaries or the ocean.
Striped bass tolerate both salt and fresh water.
Striped clothing is said to make people look taller.
Striped coat disrupts outline of body in dense cover.
Striped corn leaves.
Striped Dolphins are an active species, regularly bowriding and leaping from the water.
Striped dolphins are mammals.
Striped dolphins are the most common cetaceans in the Mediterranean Sea.
Striped dolphins are very rare in the North Sea.
Striped dolphins have black stripes on their sides.
Striped earwigs are about one inch long, lighter in color than the ringed-legged earwig.
Striped fur is one variation of a special adaptation called camouflage.
Striped horizons take the sun in sluices.
Striped hyaena cubs.
A striped hyena is a hyaena
Striped hyena are now extremely rare due to hunting and habitat destruction.
Striped hyenas are a bit smaller than spotted and brown hyenas and are the least studied.
Striped hyenas are born with adult markings, closed eyes and small ears.
Striped hyenas are hyenas.
Striped hyenas are mammals.
Striped hyenas are nocturnal and less likely to be seen than the spotted hyena.
Striped hyenas fight within groups, sometimes killing group members.
Striped hyenas have broad heads with large eyes, thick set muzzles, and large, pointed ears.
Striped hyenas have long hair that is gray to straw-colored.
Striped hyenas live alone except when they have cubs.
Striped hyenas live in Africa and Asia, but the other three hyena species only live in Africa.
Striped hyenas live in East Africa and across North Africa.
Striped hyenas live off of carrion and are often hit by vehicles while eating road kill .
Striped hyenas range from northern Africa to southern Siberia.
Striped knickers shine through cheap pale linen.
Striped lines depict evolution of increased excitability.
A striped maple is a maple
Striped maple becomes almost colorless.
Striped maple is a native, deciduous, tall shrub or small tree.
A striped marlin is a marlin
Striped marlin are abundant year-round.
Striped marlin are more than fun to catch and are plentiful during most of the year in the area.
Striped marlin continue to cooperate.
Striped marlins are marlins.
Striped mullet are able to reproduce at about three years of age.
Striped mullet are among the few fish species to possess such an organ.
Striped mullet are bluish green to grayish brown on the back and silver on the sides and belly.
Striped mullet are excellent bait fish.
Striped mullet are found in coastal tropical and warm temperate waters all around the world.
Striped mullet are neither threatened nor endangered.
Striped mullet are silvery-green on the back and silver on the sides and belly.
Striped mullet are similar in appearance to white and fantail mullet.
Striped mullet have both commercial and recreational value.
Striped patterns continue to be produced today.
Striped possums live in rainforest or sclerophyll forest.
A striped skunk is a carnivore
Striped skunks are about the same size as a house cat.
Striped skunks are almost exclusively nocturnal.
Striped skunks are docile and often ignore other animals, except during the breeding season.
Striped skunks are easily distinguishable by their coloration pattern.
Striped skunks are easily distinguishable by their pattern and the color of their fur.
Striped skunks are family oriented.
Striped skunks are mammals.
Striped skunks are nocturnal, but start hunting in late afternoon.
Striped skunks are omnivorous.
Striped skunks are short, stocky mammals about the size of a domestic house cat.
Striped skunks are skunks.
Striped skunks are solitary and primarily nocturnal.
Striped skunks are the most abundant in the state.
Striped skunks are the most abundant of the four species.
Striped skunks are the most common skunks both in Georgia and throughout the United States.
Striped skunks are usually solitary animals, meaning that they live alone.
Striped Skunks begin their breeding season.
Striped skunks breed in late winter or early spring.
Striped skunks can destroy a significant number of waterfowl nests.
Striped skunks come out from confines of a forests corset, seeking the road, sniffing the dark.
Striped skunks eat a large amount of insects.
Striped skunks have few natural enemies.
Striped skunks have small, triangular-shaped heads, short ears and black eyes.
Striped skunks leave their dens in the late afternoon or early evening and forage most of the night.
Striped skunks live in burrows, under buildings or in almost any dry place.
Striped skunks serve as an important source of insect control.
Striped socks make some of each colour instead.
Striped sunflower is the next best.
Striped tape is prone to fading and therefore it is allocated to relatively short term uses.
Striped ties can be very boring.
Striped whipsnakes are fast, active daytime hunters.
Striped whipsnakes seem to prefer temperatures from seventy five to ninety nine degrees Fahrenheit.
Striper fishing can be good right through the winter.
Striper fishing is fair using topwater plugs and spoons.
A striper is sea bass
Stripers are a schooling fish.
Stripers are a target in the fall.
Stripers are along the beaches of Ocean City and responding well to clam fished on the bottom.
Stripers are anadromous, meaning they live in the ocean but return to freshwater to spawn.
Stripers are around and weakfish are starting to pop up.
Stripers are cooler-water fish.
Stripers are current-related fish.
Stripers are deep and scattered wide.
Stripers are extremely enamored of squid and their strike is violent.
Stripers are FAIR-GOOD on large crankbaits or live baits.
Stripers are GOOD on jigging minnows and in-line spinners.
Stripers are GOOD on spinners near intake.
Stripers are highly structure oriented.
Stripers are historically saltwater fish that swim up rivers to spawn.
Stripers are in the Napa River, but require patient fishing.
Stripers are mid-lake and in creek arms.
Stripers are migratory fish.
Stripers are more active during low light hours.
Stripers are more interested in the real deal than a manufactured lure.
Stripers are naturally nocturnal, and relish the protection that darkness brings.
Stripers are now mid lake and in the creek arms.
Stripers are now the most abundant game species in the lake.
Stripers are on main lake points and creek arm points about half way up creeks.
Stripers are probably one of the most prolific fish species in the world.
Stripers are probably the most frequent game fish sought in the river.
Stripers are rare since none are stocked downstream in Lake Wylie.
Stripers are saltwater fish that run up rivers to spawn.
Stripers are scarce, but bluegill fishing continues to be excellent.
Stripers are servicemans.
Stripers are still spotty.
Stripers are the dominant fish, but a few small blues are thrown in for good measure.
Stripers are usually heavy feeders and select shad as their main food source.
Stripers can get big.
Stripers do their rightful part in making it a Pleasant Bay.
Stripers eat preyfish, particularly shad.
Stripers eat very few black bass.
Stripers feed UP never down.
Stripers gather at the mouth of an estuary or any outflow where worms are active and start to binge.
Stripers gather in large numbers at spawning time.
Stripers have a tendency to move or leave the area once a few fish have been caught out of a school.
Stripers have two parallel patches of teeth on the tonque, white bass have just one.
Stripers hit jigs cast into shallow water over rocky structure in the early-morning hours.
Stripers like to feed near the bottom and getting the fly down is very important.
Stripers love to eat sandeels.
Stripers mainly stay in the vicinity of the coastline.
Stripers mature enough to reproduce return to rivers in the spring for spawning.
Stripers prefer open, clear water and spawn in spring over shallow, rocky areas.
Stripers prefer relatively clear water with a good supply of open-water baitfish.
Stripers prefer to ambush prey, that are stirred up and disoriented, by turbulent water.
Stripers reach maturity at approximately three years of age.
Stripers remain good on live bait.
Stripers show up from time to time but that certainly more of the exception than the rule.
Stripers technically are saltwater fish that spawn in fresh water.
Stripers tend to be nomadic, open water fish.
Stripers often feed close to the rocks in the surf and foam.
Strippable murals are dry strippable.
Strippable paper is meant to come off completely without dividing.
Strippable papers leave no residue when removed.
A stripper well is an oil well
Stripper wells are economically marginal oil and gas wells that produce at relatively low rates.
Stripper wells are oil wells.
A stripper is an oil well
Strippers also state that customers want a free show and think women are cheap.
Strippers are bimbos.
Strippers are compounds.
Strippers are dancers.
Strippers are located in strip clubs.
Strippers are messy and potentially harmful.
Strippers are performers.
Strippers are sex workers.
Strippers are workers.
Strippers arrange and paste film or prints of type and artwork on the layout sheets.
Strippers can also affect the glue in joints and loosen veneer.
Strippers can discolor the slate, so be sure to test a small area first.
Strippers laugh a lot when they're working.
Strippers look strippers look where softcore where moore moore softcore asturbate softcore.
Strippers perform a service.
Strippers smell very nice.
Strippers spend their days off practicing lap dances in the living room.
Strippers use cellular.
Strippers wear some serious shoes.
All strippers contain chemicals that are harmful to people.
Many strippers are even harder to remove once they ve dried, so working in small portions is best.
Many strippers contain wax.
Many strippers move on to become prostitutes.
Some strippers contain wax and other chemicals which can interfere with the finish.
Some strippers contain waxes to retard evaporation.
Some strippers have a rough finish.
Every stripping job is different and has their on uniqueness.
Strips clubs come and go.
Striptease involves sexuality, which is removed from coitus.
Striptease is a lust movie.
Striptease is a performer
All strobe beacons have integral power supply and utilise long life heavy duty Xenon tubes.
Strobe light causes epileptic seizures.
Strobe light is a scientific instrument
Strobe light is lamps.
Strobe light is recommended to obtain the best color.
Strobe lights are best for DJs, clubs, bands, haunted houses, parties, and any other events.
Strobe lights are groovy.
Strobe lights are usually quite affordable, or can be borrowed from any number of people.
Strobe lights contain no moving parts.
Strobe lights flash, and the audience erupts into cheers.
Strobe lights pump and flicker dry lips crack out for more.
Strobe lights render three-dimensional animation in the dark.
Many strobe lights have active counters showing the flash rate.
A strobe is a scientific instrument
Strobes are the easiest and produce the most natural colors.
Strobes can have much faster effective shutter speed.
Strobes enhance the dizziness and chaos.
Strobes flash a freak show.
Strobes go off on stage and computer-controlled lights swing in all directions.
Strobes have negligible propagation delay.
Strobes provide the ideal light source, but the digital cameras have specific new requirements.
Strobes typically use rechargeable nicad batteries.
All strobes have a flash tube and a capacitor.
A stroboscope is a scientific instrument
Stroboscopes are commonly available for setting the ignition timing of motor vehicle engines.
Stroboscopes give flashes of bright light.
Stroboscopes produce a brilliant flash of light that is extremely brief.
Stroboscopic cameras can individually photograph all the participants in a march.
Stroboscopic examination permits assessment of vocal fold flexibility.
Stroboscopic illumination is used to take temporal sequences of images at multiple planes of focus.
Stroke engines have power.
Strokes of genius are possible.
Stroke order is vital to the location of a sign in the numeric sequence pattern.
Stroke play is golf
Stroke play is the standard game of golf.
Stroke recovery continues throughout life.
Stroke recovery is an ongoing process.
Stroke recovery is immediate.
Stroke rehabilitation can help people return to independent living.
Stroke rehabilitation is a very important part of recovery for many people who have had a stroke.
Stroke rehabilitation is designed to meet the individual's needs, thus, each program is different.
Stroke rehabilitation works best when the patient and their family members work together as a team.
Stroke speed is set through a numerical keypad to assure accurate speeds in both directions.
Stroke symptoms appear suddenly.
Stroke symptoms are subtle and often painless.
Stroke symptoms depend entirely on which portion of the brain is involved with the stroke.
Stroke unit is dedicated.
Stroke units offer a real improvement for the victims of stroke.
Stroke volume increases only slightly.
Stroke volume is determined by inotropy and preload .
Stroke volume is increased with increasing strength of cardiac contraction.
Stroke volume is reduced and is consistent with decreased myocardial contractility.
Stroke volume is the amount of blood pumped by the left ventricle each time it contracts.
Stroke volume is the amount of blood the heart can pump in one cardiac cycle.
Stroke volume is the volume of blood each ventricle of the heart ejects per beat.
Stroke volume refers to the amount of blood ejected from the heart with each heartbeat.
Stroke volume represents the amount of blood ejected by the heart with each beat.
Stroke work is clearly the key to world-class performance.
A stroke is play
Stroke accounts for more than half the patients hospitalized for acute neurological diseases.
Stroke affects all ages.
Stroke affects different people differently - so that each survivor's recovery is also different.
Stroke affects four out of five families and is the third leading cause of death.
Stroke affects more men than women, but more women die from it.
Stroke affects more than three quarters of a million people every year.
Stroke affects mostly the elderly in our society, and enormously increases our health bill.
Stroke affects people of all ages and from all walks of life.
Stroke also can cause depression, as survivors think they re now less than whole.
Stroke also can happen when the carotid itself is completely blocked.
Stroke also can occur if the carotid itself is completely blocked.
Stroke also is responsible for more injuries from falls than any other medical condition.
Stroke also is the most common cause of adult disability.
Stroke appears within a cloud or is obscured by nearby clouds.
Stroke can affect a person's body, mind and emotion.
Stroke can affect anyone at any age.
Stroke can affect muscles used in talking, and speech can be slow or slurred.
Stroke can affect the ability to think clearly.
Stroke can also cause depression, as survivors have difficulty coping with their disabilities.
Stroke can be a devastating illness for both patient and family.
Stroke can be a very isolating illness.
Stroke can cause loss of muscle control, numbness, unconsciousness or death.
Stroke can cause monocular visual loss, homonymous hemianopia, or cortical blindness.
Stroke can cause problems with the cranial nerves which involve vision or gaze.
Stroke can cause severe disability or even death.
Stroke can happen suddenly.
Stroke can lead to a pseudobulbar affect, with episodes of excessive crying or laughing.
Stroke can lead to impairment of functions such as speech, vision or movement, and coma or death.
Stroke can occur because of hemorrhage or a blockage of blood vessels in the brain.
Stroke can occur because of lack of blood flow and oxygen to brain tissue.
Stroke can occur if a vessel breaks open causing a brain hemorrhage.
Stroke can result from several different diseases.
Stroke can result in a variety of perceptual impairments.
Stroke can rob people of the most basic methods of interacting with the world.
Stroke can strike anyone, but certain people face higher risks.
Stroke can strike at any age.
Stroke causes dementia by destroying critical brain areas.
Stroke clearly is treatable.
Stroke commonly results in death, or alternatively in enormous disability.
Stroke demands the same urgency as a heart attack.
Stroke deprives the brain of oxygen-carrying blood, causing brain cells to die.
Stroke deserves much more public health discussion.
Stroke happens to the heart.
Stroke happens when a clot interrupts the blood supply to the brain.
Stroke has a disproportionate effect on women.
Stroke has a high incidence and, in some areas, is the leading cause of death .
Stroke has many causes.
Stroke interrupts blood flow to the brain, starving cells of oxygen and vital nutrients.
Stroke is a bit of a mystery, too.
Stroke is a blockage of blood flow to the brain caused by a clogged or ruptured blood vessel.
Stroke is a blockage or rupture of the blood vessels that supply the brain.
Stroke is a brain attack and can lead to paralysis, loss of speech, vision or sensation.
Stroke is a brain attack.
Stroke is a cardiovascular disease that affects the blood vessels supplying blood to the brain.
Stroke is a common disorder.
Stroke is a devastating physical, financial and emotional experience.
Stroke is a disease that affects the arteries of the brain.
Stroke is a disease that affects the vessels that supply blood to the brain.
Stroke is a disorder of the blood vessels in the brain, causing mild to severe damage.
Stroke is a disorder that affects only the elderly.
Stroke is a form of cardiovascular disease that affects the arteries leading to the brain.
Stroke is a form of cardiovascular disease that affects the arteries of central nervous system.
Stroke is a form of cardiovascular disease that affects the arteries of the central nervous system.
Stroke is a form of cerebrovascular disease that affects the arteries of the central nervous system.
Stroke is a frequent complication for children with sickle cell disease.
Stroke is a lay term for heterogenous group of cerebrovascular disorders.
Stroke is a leading cause of disability.
Stroke is a leading cause of long-term disability.
Stroke is a leading cause of serious disability and death in women.
Stroke is a leading cause of serious, long-term adult disability.
Stroke is a leading cause of serious, long-term disability among women.
Stroke is a leading cause of serious, long-term disability in the United States.
Stroke is a life threatening emergency, but if treated promptly there is a good chance of recovery.
Stroke is a life-changing experience as well.
Stroke is a major cause of illness, death, and health expenditures.
Stroke is a major contributor to that difference.
Stroke is a major disabler of older men and women.
Stroke is a major health problem in the United States.
Stroke is a major problem in patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
Stroke is a medical emergency that requires immediate medical care, just like a heart attack.
Stroke is a medical emergency that requires immediate treatment.
Stroke is a medical emergency that requires swift action at the first sign of an attack.
Stroke is a medical emergency.
Stroke is a misunderstood, life-threatening medical condition.
Stroke is a rare disorder in women of reproductive age.
Stroke is a real concern.
Stroke is a serious concern.
Stroke is a serious medical condition and one of the leading causes of death in the country.
Stroke is a type of brain injury caused by a sudden interruption of blood flow to the brain.
Stroke is a type of brain injury that is frightening to both the patient and the family.
Stroke is a type of cardiovascular disease.
Stroke is a very expensive disease.
Stroke is a very general term.
Stroke is a very, very old problem.
Stroke is a woman's problem, too.
Stroke is also a major cause of hospitalization and disability.
Stroke is also one of the leading causes of disability.
Stroke is also one of the most intractable medical problems.
Stroke is also the leading cause of adult disability.
Stroke is also the number one cause of serious, long-term disability.
Stroke is always a worry.
Stroke is America's third leading killer and the primary cause of adult disability.
Stroke is among the most significant health problems in America.
Stroke is an emergency.
Stroke is an equal threat to men and women.
Stroke is an especially troubling and costly life-threatening emergency.
Stroke is another important neurological cause of instability.
Stroke is another overlooked disease in women, even among doctors.
Stroke is believed to be one of the leading causes of transfer of the elderly to long-term care.
Stroke is both a disease and a symptom, indicating an underlying problem in blood vessels.
Stroke is Britain's third biggest killer and the largest single cause of severe disability.
Stroke is caused by arterial clots which block blood flow to the brain.
Stroke is caused by the interruption of blood flow to the brain or spinal cord.
Stroke is caused by the sudden interruption of blood flow to the brain.
Stroke is common in older individuals.
Stroke is common.
Stroke is considered one of the most costly medical conditions.
Stroke is easy to record on the scorecard as well.
Stroke is increased by a rate of five times.
Stroke is less common among vegetable-eaters, possible because of the vegetables' potassium .
Stroke is more common in men than in women.
Stroke is more dramatic than any other neurological disease.
Stroke is often the initial manifestation and is the best described.
Stroke is one aspect of neurological dysfunctioning.
Stroke is one of our nation's most urgent health concerns.
Stroke is one of the conditions commonly treated by a neurologist.
Stroke is one of the leading causes of death and disability world wide.
Stroke is one of the leading causes of death.
Stroke is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the world today.
Stroke is one of the many reasons.
Stroke is one of the most common and devastating side effects of cardiac surgery.
Stroke is one of the most common causes of adult disability in the United States.
Stroke is one of the most common causes of death in the United States.
Stroke is one of the world's biggest killers.
Stroke is only one-third as common in our population as acute myocardial infarction.
Stroke is our nation's number three killer, and a leading cause of disability for older adults.
Stroke is our number-three killer.
Stroke is our third leading cause of death following heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is possible.
Stroke is preventable.
Stroke is really two or more related diseases of different causes and pathologies.
Stroke is second.
Stroke is something of an evangelist for the cause of female DJs.
Stroke is still the third-leading cause of death in the United States.
Stroke is the country s leading cause of adult disability.
Stroke is the largest single cause of neurologic crippling in our nation.
Stroke is the leading cause of adult disability and communication impairment in adults.
Stroke is the leading cause of adult disability in Canada and the fourth-leading cause of death.
Stroke is the leading cause of adult disability in Canada.
Stroke is the leading cause of adult disability in the United States.
Stroke is the leading cause of adult disability.
Stroke is the leading cause of disability among adults.
Stroke is the leading cause of disability among the elderly.
Stroke is the leading cause of disability and the third leading cause of death in the United States.
Stroke is the leading cause of disability in adults in the United States.
Stroke is the leading cause of disability in the United States.
Stroke is the leading cause of hospital discharge to long-term nursing facilities.
Stroke is the leading cause of permanent disability.
Stroke is the leading cause of serious disability in the United States.
Stroke is the leading cause of serious, long-term disability in the United States.
Stroke is the leading cause of severe long-term disability.
Stroke is the magnitude of the oscillation.
Stroke is the major cause of adult brain dysfunction.
Stroke is the major cause of disability in adults in the United States.
Stroke is the most common cause of brain damage in developed countries.
Stroke is the most frequent cause of epilepsy among seniors.
Stroke is the most important neurological disorder in Singapore.
Stroke is the nation's leading cause of disability and third leading killer.
Stroke is the nation's number one cause of adult disability and the third leading cause of death.
Stroke is the nation's number three killer and the leading cause of adult long-term disability.
Stroke is the nation's third leading cause of death and the leading cause of adult disability.
Stroke is the nation's third leading killer and the primary cause of adult disability.
Stroke is the number one cause of adult disability in the United States.
Stroke is the number one cause of adult disability.
Stroke is the number one cause of serious adult disability in the world.
Stroke is the number three cause of death in the United States.
Stroke is the number three killer and the leading cause of disability.
Stroke is the number-one cause of adult disability.
Stroke is the number-three killer in the United States.
Stroke is the only major illness for which Asian death rates are higher than for whites.
Stroke is the program in the spotlight.
Stroke is the result of a clot that cuts off blood to a certain part of the brain.
Stroke is the same, in that it ends up with the same result.
Stroke is the second most common cause of death worldwide.
Stroke is the second most prevalent condition.
Stroke is the single greatest cause of adult disability.
Stroke is the single leading cause of neurological impairment.
Stroke is the single leading cause of serious, long-term disability in the United States.
Stroke is the third biggest killer in the UK and is the main cause of severe disability.
Stroke is the third highest cause of death in adults.
Stroke is the third largest cause of death in America at present.
Stroke is the third largest killer and leading cause of serious disability.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death after coronary artery disease and cancer.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death and disability in the United States.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death and is the leading cause of long-term disability.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death and the leading cause of disability among adults.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death and the leading cause of disability in the United States.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death for American women.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in America and a leading cause of disability.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in America today and leaves millions of adults disabled.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in developed countries.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in England and Wales, after heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in North America.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the U.S. and is a major cause of disability.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the U.S., and the top cause of permanent disabilities.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States after heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States and is a major cause of disability.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States behind heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States, behind heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States, behind heart diseases and cancer.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death, second only to heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is the third leading cause of death.
Stroke is the third leading cause of female deaths in Pennsylvania.
Stroke is the third leading cause of hospitalization in the United States.
Stroke is the third leading killer in the U.S. and the most common cause of adult-disability.
Stroke is the third most common cause of death in England and Wales after heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is the third-leading cause of adult deaths in the United States.
Stroke is the third-leading cause of death and the leading cause of disability.
Stroke is the third-leading cause of death in the U.S., after heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is the third-leading cause of death in the United States.
Stroke is the third-leading killer in the United States.
Stroke is the world s number one cause of adult disability and the third leading cause of death.
Stroke is the world's third leading cause of death after heart disease and cancer.
Stroke is undoubtedly a serious disease that deserves prominent attention.
Stroke is unpreventable and predestined.
Stroke kills more than twice as many American women each year as breast cancer.
Stroke kills more than twice as many American women every year as breast cancer.
Stroke kills more women than men.
Stroke kills twice as many American women annually as breast cancer.
Stroke kills twice as many American women than breast cancer for instance.
Stroke knows no age.
Stroke occurs in all age groups even infants.
Stroke occurs in all age groups, in both sexes, and in all races in every country.
Stroke occurs in men more often than women.
Stroke occurs when a blood vessel to the brain bursts or is blocked by a clot.
Stroke occurs when a piece of clot breaks loose and is carried by the blood stream to the brain.
Stroke occurs when blood clots inhibit blood flow to the brain.
Stroke occurs when blood flow to the brain is interrupted by a clogged or burst artery.
Stroke occurs when blood flow to the brain is interrupted by either a blood clot or burst vessel.
Stroke occurs when blood flow to the brain is interrupted.
Stroke occurs when blood is prevented from reaching the brain.
Stroke occurs when blood vessels bringing oxygen to the brain burst or become clogged.
Stroke occurs when part of the brain's blood supply gets cut off.
Stroke occurs when there is insufficient blood flow to the brain.
Stroke only strikes the elderly.
Stroke plays no favorites, though the elderly die most often.
Stroke raises patient suicide risks, researchers report.
Stroke ranks as the third leading killer in the United States, behind heart disease and cancer.
Stroke ranks as the third leading killer in the United States.
Stroke ranks is one of the most common causes of death and of adult disability.
Stroke ranks only behind heart disease and cancer as a cause of death.
Stroke ranks third as a cause of death for middle-aged and older women.
Stroke ranks third in mortality, but is the leading cause of disability.
Stroke refers to the distance from the innermost track to the outer most track of a CD-ROM disk.
Stroke remains a leading cause of serious disability and death in women.
Stroke remains the third leading cause of death in the United States.
Stroke remains the top cause of long-term disability in adults.
Stroke represents a significant healthcare burden for our society.
Stroke requires emergency treatment.
Stroke requires immediate treatment.
Stroke seems to run in some families.
Stroke still burdensome The report includes an update on stroke statistics.
Stroke strikes all races and all ages.
Stroke tends to affect older people.
Strokes affect different people in different ways.
Strokes affect people of all ages.
Strokes also cause brain injury, although the statistics are tracked separately.
Strokes also occur as a complication of other diseases, for which patients are already hospitalized.
Strokes also occur in early childhood.
Strokes are a leading cause of death and disability in people over the age of forty.
Strokes are a major contributor to memory loss in aging brains.
Strokes are a possible result of plaque build up.
Strokes are a reality faced by thousands of individuals and their families each year.
Strokes are a serious business.
Strokes are a serious problem.
Strokes are abnormalities in the brain circulation.
Strokes are also the leading cause of serious, long-term disability.
Strokes are among the most preventable neurological disease.
Strokes are another complicating factor.
Strokes are another complication due to hysteria attacks.
Strokes are another major cause of dementia.
Strokes are attacks.
Strokes are bands.
Strokes are characterized by paralysis, usually down one side.
Strokes are diseases.
Strokes are fatal in about one case out of three.
Strokes are fine tuned and built into powerful and consistent weapons.
Strokes are in good shape.
Strokes are insurable if less than one incident occurred more than a year ago.
Strokes are largely preventable.
Strokes are maneuvers.
Strokes are marks.
Strokes are more common in men than in women.
Strokes are more common in older people.
Strokes are motion.
Strokes are motions of the mouse that can be interpreted by a program as a command.
Strokes are often fatal.
Strokes are often the result of long-term problems such as unchecked high blood pressure.
Strokes are preventable.
Strokes are right up there too.
Strokes are scores.
Strokes are serious business.
Strokes are serious conditions requiring medical attention.
Strokes are significantly different.
Strokes are similar to heart attacks, but they affect the brain instead of the heart.
Strokes are the leading cause of serious, long-term disability in the United States.
Strokes are the leading cause of serious, long-term disability in women.
Strokes are the main health risk one encounters with carotid artery blockage.
Strokes are the major cause of aphasia in the older population.
Strokes are the nation's leading cause of disability and the third leading cause of death.
Strokes are the second most common cause of brain failure.
Strokes are the second most common cause of dementia.
Strokes are the sudden loss of function of a particular portion of the brain.
Strokes are the tangible interpersonal contacts that satisfy psychic needs .
Strokes are the third leading cause of death in the U.S. behind heart disease and cancer.
Strokes are the third leading cause of death in the United States.
Strokes are the third leading killer in the U.S., after heart disease and cancer .
Strokes are touch.
Strokes become graceful and natural.
Strokes can affect people of any age, from children to the elderly.
Strokes can affect the ability to speak, write, listen and read.
Strokes can also be fatal.
Strokes can also cause a person to have dementia.
Strokes can be mild, severe or even fatal.
Strokes can be positive or negative, depending on whether they feel good or bad.
Strokes can be positive, negative, or mixed.
Strokes can be varied.
Strokes can cause death or permanent disability.
Strokes can cause loss of muscle control, numbness, unconsciousness, or death.
Strokes can cause paralysis, affect language and vision, and cause other problems.
Strokes can cause paralysis, loss of motor function and cognitive problems.
Strokes can cause problems with speech, hearing, movement and learning.
Strokes can cause speech problems, weakness in any part of the body, or difficulty swallowing.
Strokes can come from thrombus, embolus, hemorrhage or hypotension.
Strokes can damage either the left or the right side of the brain.
Strokes can damage the brain in different ways.
Strokes can damage the complex system if nerves and muscles which control swallowing.
Strokes can debilitate the people they affect, causing confusion, speech loss or paralysis.
Strokes can either be due to ischemic or hemorrhagic processes.
Strokes can happen if blood vessels to the brain become blocked.
Strokes can make communication very difficult.
Strokes can occur in young people and first-time users as well as chronic abusers.
Strokes cause too much glutamate to leak into the brain, thus killing brain cells.
Strokes commonly results in death or in enormous disability to victims.
Strokes demand immediate attention.
Strokes generally come on suddenly.
Strokes get treated too late, 'U' doctor says.
Strokes have several causes.
Strokes knows the difference between a click and a drag.
Strokes occur at all ages, in both sexes, in all races, and in all countries.
Strokes occur because high doses of amphetamine raise blood pressure far above normal levels.
Strokes occur because of a problem with the blood circulation to the brain.
Strokes occur even later in life.
Strokes occur in men more than women, but women die more often as a result of stroke.
Strokes occur more frequently in older people but can occur at all ages including children.
Strokes occur when a blood clot shuts off the brain's blood supply.
Strokes occur when a clogged artery blocks blood flow to part of the brain.
Strokes occur when a person is having trouble perspiring enough to keep the body cool.
Strokes occur when brain cells are deprived of blood.
Strokes occur when the brain's blood supply is interrupted by a clogged or a burst artery.
Strokes occur when the flow of blood to the brain is disrupted.
Strokes occur when there is a blockage or rupture of a blood vessel to the brain.
Strokes produce waves of brain cell destruction.
Strokes seem toresult from other stroke mechanisms, such as clot formation in blood vessels.
Strokes strike people of all ages.
Strokes strike suddenly like the blow to pole-axe a steer.
Strokes tend to occur in older people.
Strokes tend to run in families, and smokers are at additional risk as well.
Strokes vary in the amount of harm done.
Strokes frequently occur without warning.
Stroke often blots out vision either in one eye or in one side of the entire visual field.
Stroke often causes people to lose feeling in an arm or leg or have diminished sight in one eye.
Stroke often causes people to lose feeling in an arm or leg, or suffer diminished sight in one eye.
Stroke often results in long hospital stays.
Stroke often results when blood clots form on the surface of the plaques in the arteries.
Strokes often cause death.
Stroke usually damage only one side of the brain so symptoms appear on only one side of the body.
All strokes are fully editable.
All strokes are near medium-hard.
All strokes are serious and the most serious are killers.
All strokes have their own name and are written according to a few rules.
All strokes review to determine skill level of class members.
Any stroke is better than no strokes at all.
Every stroke creates the relaxing sound of rushing water.
Every stroke has a meaning.
Every stroke has to work.
Every stroke is animatable, modifiable, and vector based.
Every stroke is different, and strokes can affect individuals in ways that are almost limitless.
Every stroke is different.
Every stroke is final.
Every stroke is imbued with meaning and seemingly fraught with danger.
Every stroke looks graceful and becomes a work of art.
Every stroke tells visibly.
Many strokes are fatal.
Many strokes are optionally available to meet a variety of applications.
Many strokes are preventable by controlling major risk factors.
Many strokes overthrow the tallest oak.
Many strokes overthrow the tallest oaks.
More strokes means more confidence in the ranging.
Most strokes also are atherosclerosis-related.
Most strokes are due to blocked arteries, called infarcts or ischemic strokes.
Most strokes are due to ischaemia an inadequate blood supply to part of the brain.
Most strokes are ischemic meaning they are caused by a lack of blood supply to part of the brain.
Most strokes are ischemic strokes, in which an artery carrying blood to the brain is blocked.
Most strokes are ischemic.
Most strokes are thrombotic strokes.
Most strokes begin suddenly, develop rapidly, and cause brain damage within minutes.
Most strokes occur because an artery in the brain becomes temporarily or permanently blocked.
Most strokes occur from blockages in arteries.
Most strokes occur suddenly and can have devastating consequences.
Most strokes occur when a blood clot blocks an artery that carries oxygenated blood to the brain.
Most strokes occur when a blood clot blocks an artery to the brain.
Most strokes occur when a blood clot blocks an artery which is carrying blood to the brain.
Most strokes result from clots blocking blood vessels in the brain.
Some strokes are . . .
Some strokes lean.
A stroll is a walk
Stroll is about thirty.
A stroller is a container
A stroller is a vehicle
Stroller isa container.
Stroller rides to our fish aquarium and on the playground.
Stroller stands when folded making it easy to pick up and go.
Strollers also come in other wheel sizes.
Strollers are also available for rental.
Strollers are also welcome.
Strollers are available at a nominal rental fee.
Strollers are available from singles through quads.
Strollers are available, but most people bring their own.
Strollers are free to museum members.
Strollers are ok.
Strollers are okay but neither route is suitable for wheelchairs.
Strollers are on a first come first serve basis.
Strollers are transportation for a child s first few years.
Strollers are usually double-parked outside.
Strollers are usually less of a problem at the smaller, less crowded on-farm markets.
Strollers are welcome and the site is wheel chair accessible.
Strollers are welcome but please, no rollerblades, skateboards, bicycles, or pets.
Strollers are welcome.
Strollers can complete if willing to detour area with stairs.
Strollers can complete with slight difficulty, Wheel chairs can complete with some difficulty.
Strollers can range from one performer to as many as six.
Strollers come in all sizes and colors, designed for general use or a specific purpose.
Strollers create obstacles in the aisles, where space is needed for the graduates and guests.
Strollers have (part) axles.
Strollers have (part) brakes.
Strollers have (part) sections.
Strollers have (part) wheels.
Strollers seem to outnumber automobiles.
Strollers take up more space and are difficult to navigate through crowds.
Strollers often sell here within a very short time.
Some strollers are a combination of the two.
Some strollers convert to carriages or serve as bases for car seats.
Some strollers have two reclining positions.
A stroma is animal tissue
Stroma is collagenous.
Stroma is compact with cells stellate with sparse cytoplasm.
Stroma is the amorphous material inside the chloroplast.
Stroma is the solution in the central region of chloroplast.
Stroma is the thick, middle layer of cells in the cornea.
Stroma isa plant part.
Stromas are plant tissue.
Stromas have (part) sections.
Some stromas contain enzymes.
Stromal acidosis affects corneal hydration control.
Stromal cells are the cells that support the parenchymal cells in any organ.
Stromal cells consist of fibroblasts, fat cells, endothelial cells, and mature macrophages.
Stromal cells mediate retinoid-dependent functions essential for renal development.
Stromal cells recruit cancer cells by producing soluble chemoattracting molecules.
Stromal hyperplasia is a relatively unusual diagnosis.
Stromal keratitis is more difficult to treat than less severe ocular herpes infections.
Stromal proteins comprise collagen, elastin and reticulin.
Stromal puncture allows better adhesion of the epithelium.
Stromatolite fossils are evidence of the earliest life on the earth.
Strombolian eruption continues.
Strombolian eruptions are most common.
Strombolian eruptions can last from a few hours or days to a few months or a few years.
Strong abs are fun to look at.
Strong abs make it easier to perform everyday activities, such as lifting groceries or kids.
Strong abdominals are essential to maximizing performance in almost all sports .
Strong abdominals are important to power lifters.
Strong abdominals improve posture and help prevent low back pain.
Strong abdominals support the lower back.
Strong abs support our upper body, keep back pain at bay and enhance most physical activities.
Strong academics can give an athlete an added advantage with admissions and coaches.
Strong academics can give an athlete an added advantage with admissions departments and coaches.
Strong academics open the door for most candidates.
Strong accents can hide the defects.
Strong accountability enhances the confidence of the citizens and the consumers.
Strong accountability is the independent variable in effective managerial government.
Strong acid dissolves food.
Strong acids are corrosive in nature.
Strong acids are incompletely ionized acids.
Strong acids are strong electrolytes .
Strong acids are strong electrolytes.
Strong acids are very concentrated acids.
Strong acids can damage stainless steel and aluminum.
Strong acids cause burn on skin.
Strong acids dissociate almost completely in water solution.
Strong acids form conjugate bases which have no measurable strength in water.
Strong acids ionize completely or almost completely in dilute aqueous solution.
Strong acids produce solutions with a higher pH than weak acids.
Strong acids react with strong bases to form weaker acids and bases.
All strong acids are strong conductors of electricity.
Many strong acids have a negative pKa value , which means they are very strong .
Many strong acids have a negative pKa value, which means they are very strong.
Most strong acid dissolves food.
Some strong acid destroys bacteria.
Some strong acid helps food.
Some strong acid kills bacteria.
Some strong acid kills plants.
Some strong acid mixes with water.
Some strong acids occur naturally on Earths surface, but they are relatively rare.
Strong action encounters minor difficulties.
Strong action is needed.
Strong activity means that the root system can absorb more nutrients from the soil.
Strong actors tend to work more than non-actors.
Strong adhesive is applied to both sides of the tape for a durable bond.
Strong adhesives make good sense in an environment constantly flushed with urine.
Strong adjectives are good, and a dramatic and emotional quote is always helpful.
Strong aftershocks continue to hinder rescue efforts.
Strong alcohol dissolves the adhesive, but the mimic still can grapple normally.
Some strong alcohols can also cause intoxication and impairment .
Some strong alcohols can also cause intoxication and impairment.
Strong ale is an elusive beer to define, because the phrase refers to a wide variety of beers.
Some strong alkalies cause burns.
Some strong alkalies cause skin burns.
Some strong alkalies destroy live tissue.
Some strong alkalies destroy tissue.
Strong alumni support often attracts foundation and corporate gifts.
Strong anchors bring in more good business for all stores within a shopping center.
Strong anisotropy exists only when the contrast is large.
Strong anticipation refers to an anticipation of events built by or embedded in a system.
Strong applicants are likely to be nominated for additional support.
Strong arguments exist for delaying the point at which pupils begin to specialise.
Strong arms can force the back into a position of strain.
Strong arms facilitate movement.
Strong arms facilitate swing movement.
Strong armies commanded by aggressive leaders are a menace to their neighbours.
Strong assessment measures direct each child's learning.
Strong atheism is the certain belief that no god exists .
Strong atheism is the certain belief that no god exists.
Strong attachments form when a parent is available, sensitive and responsive.
Strong attacks are ultra-powerful but use up a lot of energy and can end up hurting both characters.
Strong attrition occurs and the amount of less resistant gneiss decreases.
Strong aurora glow with rayed arch late evening.
Strong aurora is comparable to the moonlight, which is much stronger than starlight.
Strong authentication is achieved by combining at least two of the above attributes.
Strong authentication is essential to successful e-commerce.
Strong authentication is provided as long as a DNS name resolution only passes through secure zones.
Strong authentication is required.
Strong authentication prevents unauthorized access.
Strong authentication using client certificates is another option.
Strong backs are far less susceptible to pain and injury.
Strong bags make it simple.
Strong bait casting tackle is the norm when lure and bait fishing for barra.
Strong banks are fundamental to strong communities.
Strong base is itself a corrosive agent.
Strong bases are able to form stable compounds by combining with a strong acid.
Strong bases are also very rare.
Strong bases are highly corrosive in nature.
Strong bases are strong electrolytes .
Strong bases are strong electrolytes and dissociate completely in solution.
Strong bases dissociate completely into metals ions and OH- in aqueous solns.
Strong bases dissociate or react completely with water to give hydroxide ions.
Strong bases have a caustic action on the skin.
Strong bases produce hydroxide ions stoichiometrically in water.
Strong basis indicates the market wants the grain now.
Strong basis indicates the market wants the grain.
Some strong beaks help food.
Strong beats occur in patterns.
A strong belief is a belief
Strong beliefs can be all sorts of things.
Strong birds make strong young, hence keeping the species alive.
Strong black is one of the primary colors of their painting on wood.
Strong blowers blow air over the leaves for about an hour, depending on weather conditions.
Strong bodies are a beautiful thing to look at.
Strong bonds are difficult to break.
Strong bonds are present between staff members as well as between students and staff.
Strong bonds are relatively inflexible, so weak bonds, such as hydrogen bonds.
Strong bonds develop between the older and younger students.
Strong bonds exist between females and their calves.
Strong bonds have energy.
Strong bonds have high energy.
Strong bonds have low chemical energy and weak bonds have high chemical energy.
Strong bonds have low energy.
Strong bonds remain.
Most strong bonds have energy.
Most strong bonds have high energy.
Most strong bonds have low energy.
Some strong bonds produce crystal.
Strong bones are essential if a horse is to perform successfully and still remain sound.
Strong bones depend on many things.
Strong bones help prevent osteoporosis, a disease in which bones become fragile and break easily.
Strong bones mean a greater lifetime exposure to estrogen.
Strong bones require lots of calcium.
Strong bones require the action of two cells in the body.
Strong boots are a highly recommended item - again the options are many and varied.
Strong boots are always a good idea, as well as gloves.
Strong bows get more hair than weak ones.
Strong branches go off to the United Arab Emirates, Malaysia and China.
Strong brands are amazingly durable, enduring many challenges.
Strong brands are better at keeping customers and attracting new customers.
Strong brands are often more like religions.
Strong brands engender a feeling of reliability, quality and consistency.
Strong brands guarantee strong sales.
Strong brands have ambitions, but also great aspirations, which goes into values.
Every strong brand has an analogy or visual metaphor that captures the magnetism of that brand.
Strong brokerage connections a plus.
Strong bronchodilators can relieve the attack by relaxing the spasms in the bronchioles.
Strong brotherhood is hard to explain but easy to recognize.
Strong businesses are best able to ride out turbulence.
Strong businesses are the lifeblood of our community.
Strong businesses depend on strong relationships.
Strong businesses derive their strength from the dominant sections of their core business.
Strong buttresses support the defensive wall on the inside.
Strong cables keep the drive-in screen sturdy.
Strong camp focus on character development, work with people committed to being good role models.
Strong candidates are the gyrodynes, batteries, tanks, and docking adapters.
Strong candidates go through a second round of interviews with the same people.
Some strong candidates have human touch.
Some strong candidates have touch.
Strong canvas headings with brass grommets.
Strong casting is one of the most effective aspects of the film.
Strong chapters are in the position to take risks corporately.
Strong characters are also necessary.
Strong characters are the most important aspect of writing.
Strong characters conflict with shadowy dark forces, mirroring the effects on Earth.
Strong checks are evident between the third and fourth and fourth and fifth annuli.
Strong claims require support in terms of evidence and cohearent supporting arguments.
Strong clamps vary mounting options and secure components to a wheelchair.
Strong cleaners kill the microorganisms that break down the waste.
Strong clip keeps paper secure.
Strong clusters promote innovation and enhance the performance of individual companies.
Strong coffee accompanies breakfasts.
Strong coffee arrives at the table, and the discussion grows lively.
Strong coffee is of course totally necessary to fully enjoy the cake.
Strong collateral is required.
Strong colors are dominate.
Strong colors go well with the natural-looking textures of informal furnishings.
Strong colour cause the brain to interpret more birghtness.
Strong colour is evident in hand-sewn Chinese quilts in reds and hot fuchsia florals.
Strong commitment is absolutely necessary for growing as an actor.
Strong commitment is needed from the agency.
Strong commodities background, wet and dry products.
Strong communication builds a cooperative connection to members.
Strong communication is an integral part of the community policing philosophy.
Strong communication is essential to healthy communities.
Strong communication skills a plus.
Strong communication skills along with the ability to instruct others and make decisions.
Strong communication skills among all constituents within the business development process.
Strong communication skills both oral and written.
Strong communication skills both written and oral.
Strong communication skills both written and orally.
Strong communication skills both written and verbal.
Strong communication skills Broad knowledge base in science.
Strong communication skills due to high level exposure.
Strong communication skills Experience or training in early childhood education preferred.
Strong communication skills for in-house and external customer interfacing.
Strong communication skills in both large and small group settings.
Strong communication skills to effectively interact with a variety of individuals and situations.
Strong communication skills to interface with customers and resolve all issues.
Strong communication skills to work with cross-functional teams and contract manufacturing.
Strong communication skills with a team oriented attitude.
Strong communication skills with both technical and non-technical individuals.
Strong communication skills with developers and management.
Strong communication skills with emphasis on constructive teamwork and interaction with clients.
Strong communication skills with proactive customer service are essential.
Strong communication skills with strong analytical skills.
Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate with all school interest groups.
Strong communication skills with the ability to interact well with all levels of employees.
Strong communication skills with the ability to interface with multiple in-house groups.
Strong communication skills with the ability to work in multidisciplinary teams are essential.
Strong communication skills with the ability to work independently required.
Strong communications skills a plus.
Strong communities are good business too.
Strong communities are strongly expressive.
Strong communities build strong schools.
Strong communities can be closed-minded, narrow in orientation, or simply isolated.
Strong communities can be pockets of intolerance and prejudice.
Strong communities grow, they take time to settle down and require leadership and examples.
Strong communities link the different groups to each other and to civic life.
Strong communities require economic prosperity through business growth.
Strong communities start with healthy children.
Strong community is the center of our social relations.
All strong communities function by promoting regular positive interactions among their members.
Strong companionship is as important between friends as it is between the body and soul.
Strong companies can increase their dividends far faster than the rate of inflation.
Strong companies leave the country.
Every strong company has a good track record.
Strong competition exists between production areas and processors to retain market share.
Strong competition exists for the coveted seats in the program.
Strong competition makes way for unexpected loss.
Strong competition prevents two species from stably co-existing.
Strong competition provides a spur for firms to innovate and increase productivity.
Strong components yield a high-end multimedia system.
Strong composition is important to artistic interpretation.
Strong computer skills a plus.
Strong computer skills a significant plus.
Strong conclusions are always very important.
Strong conclusions can leave indelible impact.
Strong condemnation is needed now so the ocean pipeline alternative is dropped early in the process.
Strong connection is made with the tensile failure process of a real fabric.
Strong connections make life feel satisfying and secure.
Strong consideration is given to aspects of functional pottery.
Strong consideration is given to character, initiative, leadership, and special talents.
Strong consideration is given to fostering a diverse group of chairs.
Strong consistency is the addition of transitlessness to traditional consistency.
Strong contenders knock out weak ones with similar qualifications in the early going.
Strong content is just as important, so get that first.
Strong content is the starting point for an effective website.
Strong contrast is more important in the first four months than providing bright colors alone.
Strong contrast is preferred.
Strong contrast is the typical feature of the imaging of the oscillating cantilever phase shift.
Strong convection can develop, which adds heat energy to the atmosphere resulting in intense storms.
Strong convection carries moisture higher, where it turns to ice crystals.
Strong convection has conditions.
Strong convection leads to higher cloud tops.
Most strong convection has conditions.
Strong convictions are the strength of our daily existence.
Strong convictions make strong men, and develop strong characters.
Strong convictions precede great actions.
Strong coordination is needed between the activities on both sides of the Atlantic.
Strong cord holds covers in either open or closed positions.
Strong core prevents bite-down on valuable probes.
Strong correlation is shown with measured data.
Strong couples make for strong families, which make for a strong parish.
Strong couples makes for strong families, which make for strong parish.
Strong couples support strong individuals.
Strong course sequences in software, hardware, and systems engineering are available.
Strong credibility takes a long time and much effort to build.
Strong crosswinds can make landings treacherous.
Strong cryptography is a fact of life and anomysation easy to achieve.
Strong cryptography is a key enabling technology for secure e-business.
Strong cryptography is a powerful tool for human rights work.
Strong cryptography is automation.
Strong cryptography is commercially available all over the world.
Strong cryptography is needed for secure networking and crucial for things like e-commerce.
Strong cryptography is required for security.
Strong cryptography is treated the same way as a range of military equipment and weapons.
Strong cryptography makes the world a safer place.
Strong current can sweep boaters into side channels blocked by logjams.
Strong current flowing over sandbars at the entrances can produce chaotic conditions.
Strong currents are necessary to keep the area clear of silt.
Strong currents are often present.
Strong currents are present near the outer reefs.
Strong currents are sometimes present.
Strong currents are the rule in the Narrows, so stay close to shore.
Strong currents can be common here.
Strong currents can carry away the best of swimmers.
Strong currents can come in to within meters of the coastline in some places.
Strong currents can create exciting conditions and a few surprises.
Strong currents carry the sand off.
Strong Currents develop when there is the presence of wind.
Strong currents heading out makes it easy to get out.
Strong currents make anchoring and fishing tricky, but with risk comes reward.
Strong currents mandate an inflatable safety sausage and air horn.
Strong currents prevail intermingled with surges and poor visibility.
Strong currents produce dangerous swimming conditions.
Strong currents pull hard.
Strong currents require training and ability to maneuver quickly and effectively.
Strong currents result, with almost zero tidal height change in the strait's center.
Strong currents run around the wreck and ascending in a strong current can be tiring.
Strong currents surge through a narrow passage, which makes for clear water but sketchy conditions.
Strong currents wash over the rocky bottom.
Strong curricula are also available in intellectual property and business and corporate law.
Strong customer focus Our most important interface is with our customers.
Strong customer relationships Our customers are also our partners.
Strong cycle covers.
Strong defense keeps No.
Strong demand causes higher prices and, therefore, a continued bull market.
Strong demand continues for our entire family of products.
Strong demand equals higher stock prices.
Strong demand exists both in corporations and in management consulting organizations.
Strong demand exists for natural gas.
Strong demand exists in other industry and environmental areas as well.
Strong demand is a good thing.
Strong demand seems to be developing.
Some strong dependency leads to bias.
Strong design is a critical component of business identity .
Strong designs make better products.
Strong desire is indispensable to progress in godliness, yet it is missing from the church today.
Strong despatches seem to have been received from the Transvaal.
Strong determination is the post that helps pole vau't over towering boundaries.
Strong differences remain, and they are discussed.
Strong disclosures lead to a well-informed investor base, which enhances market efficiency.
Strong discussion adds to the integrity of the review.
Any strong divination is an evidence of a fraud.
Strong dollar stifles returns.
Strong doses are effective against gram-negative bacteria.
Strong doses are effective against gram-negative bacteria.
Strong drama made in Florida, heavy on the violence, deserves credit as an attempt to be different.
A strong drink is alcohol
Strong drink dispels hunger.
Strong drink is paganism and doctrines of devils.
Strong drink leads to poverty.
Strong drink leads to shame and humiliation.
Strong drink produces woe, sorrow, contentions, babbling, wounds without cause, redness of eyes.
Strong drinks are alcoholic drinks.
Strong drinks cry for hot and spicy entrees.
Strong earthquake damages Seattle airports.
Strong earthquakes are common at subduction zones.
Strong earthquakes are earthquakes.
Strong earthquakes are fairly rare, but there are light tremors from time to time.
Strong earthquakes are very common with convergent boundaries as well.
Strong earthquakes are very rare phenomena.
Strong earthquakes cause landslides, great destruction, and loss of lives.
Strong earthquakes occur in Iran with a frequency unheard of almost anywhere else on Earth.
Strong earthquakes shange also the dark face of the planet.
Strong easterlies are more dangerous because they blow in the same direction of the current.
Strong economies sit on top of the world as dictators, making decisions affecting everyone.
Strong economy helps many steel companies rebound.
Strong economy makes refurbished systems less attractive.
Strong economy means more money for health care.
Strong efforts are now underway to encourage the habit of screening.
Strong electric fields create heat.
Strong electrolytes are substances that are completely ionized in water.
Strong electrolytes are substances that convert completely to ions when they dissolve.
Strong electrolytes produce large numbers of ions, which results in high conductivity values.
Strong emotion is a well known precipitant of unstable angina or heart attack.
Strong emotion makes productive dialogue impossible.
Strong emotions affecting various organs show similar outflow of energy.
Strong emotions are always the result of limiting thought.
Strong emotions are appropriate.
Strong emotions are something that make characters real for children.
Strong emotions are strong indicators there's passion in there somewhere.
Strong emotions are the energetic warehouse of the soul.
Strong emotions call for vivid blues, reds, yellows-colors to stir the senses.
Strong emotions can lead to unwanted behaviors.
Strong emotions have a physical energy.
Strong emotions hinge on the outcome.
Strong emotions make effective communication even harder.
Strong emotions make people do dumb things, sometimes.
Strong emotions pervert the qi to create disease.
Strong emotions produce strong memories.
Strong emotions produce tunnel vision and hence restrict the ability to process information.
Strong emotions seem to be stored well on objects.
Strong emotions seem to generate the necessary energy for a short time.
Any strong emotion can trigger a panic attack.
Any strong emotion possesses energy.
Strong Emperors bring about a prosperous era.
Strong emphasis is also available for thoracic and vascular surgery.
Strong emphasis is give to integrating theological theory into sacramental practice.
Strong emphasis is given on motivation and relation to problems in other areas of mathematics.
Strong emphasis is given to a solid base in social theory and a strong liberal arts foundation.
Strong emphasis is given to communications and satellite systems.
Strong emphasis is given to developing a work ethic.
Strong emphasis is given to empowering strong and creative lay leadership.
Strong emphasis is given to laboratory technique and laboratory preparation.
Strong emphasis is given to learning the multiplication tables early.
Strong emphasis is given to lesson planning, and reflective analysis to improve teaching.
Strong emphasis is given to obstetrics, pediatrics, procedural skills, and practice management.
Strong emphasis is given to the fundamental investigation of industrially significant topics.
Strong emphasis is given to understanding the economic problems facing developing nations.
Strong emphasis is laid on group collaboration and co-ordination.
Strong emphasis is on alignment, rhythm, flexibility, beginning techniques and terminology.
Strong emphasis is on family involvement throughout therapy and education.
Strong emphasis is on quality and value.
Strong emphasis is on removing weak branches.
Strong emphasis is on the relationship of steps, rhythms, and music.
Strong emphasis is placed in obstetrics and pediatrics.
Strong emphasis is placed on a continuous diversity education process.
Strong emphasis is placed on a disease-prevention orientation and strategic planning.
Strong emphasis is placed on actual shop work associated with container refrigeration units.
Strong emphasis is placed on basic education skills at each level.
Strong emphasis is placed on basic skill development through the grades.
Strong emphasis is placed on basic skills at all grade levels.
Strong emphasis is placed on both historical background and the realities of the modern world scene.
Strong emphasis is placed on both static and functional occlusional relationship.
Strong emphasis is placed on custom macro applications for both machining and turning centers.
Strong emphasis is placed on descriptive chemistry.
Strong emphasis is placed on design, efficiency and powerful back-end technology.
Strong emphasis is placed on developing an in depth understanding of fundamental concepts.
Strong emphasis is placed on developing basic skills in all academic areas.
Strong emphasis is placed on developing personal relationships with the peoples of the land.
Strong emphasis is placed on developing the basics of approach and entry.
Strong emphasis is placed on development of oral and written communication skills.
Strong emphasis is placed on discussion and the development of writing skills.
Strong emphasis is placed on ecology and field biology.
Strong emphasis is placed on economics and promotion.
Strong emphasis is placed on education, including a daily morning report and a midday lecture.
Strong emphasis is placed on electronic media and the Internet.
Strong emphasis is placed on engineering science, laboratory, and design.
Strong emphasis is placed on English and computers since early grades.
Strong emphasis is placed on foreign intelligence.
Strong emphasis is placed on frequent company visits.
Strong emphasis is placed on grammar and proofreading.
Strong emphasis is placed on group projects, study groups, teamwork, and use of computers.
Strong emphasis is placed on housekeeping.
Strong emphasis is placed on individual behavior in a working relationship.
Strong emphasis is placed on individual student counseling through assigned advisors.
Strong emphasis is placed on institutional strategies which are carefully developed and compelling.
Strong emphasis is placed on institutional strengthening and good governance.
Strong emphasis is placed on involving the residents in quality assurance and quality control.
Strong emphasis is placed on journal writing and maintaining a portfolio.
Strong emphasis is placed on labor-management negotiations and on grievance procedures.
Strong emphasis is placed on leadership in school and community service.
Strong emphasis is placed on life drawing, perspective and composition.
Strong emphasis is placed on listening, imitation and parent involvement.
Strong emphasis is placed on making everyone a winner.
Strong emphasis is placed on management strategies designed for local conditions.
Strong emphasis is placed on meeting the needs of individual students.
Strong emphasis is placed on outreach.
Strong emphasis is placed on patient counseling and interviewing skills.
Strong emphasis is placed on patient education, anticipatory guidance and regular follow-up care.
Strong emphasis is placed on personal service and quick response time.
Strong emphasis is placed on physical conditioning and realistic defensive techniques.
Strong emphasis is placed on prevention, public education, and planning.
Strong emphasis is placed on problem solving and professional judgment.
Strong emphasis is placed on public participation.
Strong emphasis is placed on purchasing and successful sales.
Strong emphasis is placed on quality control and safety procedures.
Strong emphasis is placed on rapid prototyping.
Strong emphasis is placed on rapidly reducing ideas to practice.
Strong emphasis is placed on recombinant DNA techniques in both lecture and laboratory.
Strong emphasis is placed on relating skills learned in the class to other course work.
Strong emphasis is placed on relationships between brain structure and behavior.
Strong emphasis is placed on relevant careers education throughout all our courses.
Strong emphasis is placed on research and the use of current literature.
Strong emphasis is placed on research by both faculty and students.
Strong emphasis is placed on research.
Strong emphasis is placed on retrospective as well as current purchasing.
Strong emphasis is placed on safety and employability skills.
Strong emphasis is placed on small groups and augmented with hands-on training.
Strong emphasis is placed on solving a variety of challenging problems in a laboratory setting.
Strong emphasis is placed on solving a variety of challenging problems, some requiring calculus.
Strong emphasis is placed on solving a variety of challenging problems.
Strong emphasis is placed on student problem solving and case analysis.
Strong emphasis is placed on superior customer service.
Strong emphasis is placed on teaching and scholarship.
Strong emphasis is placed on technique refinement with a stronger conditioning experience.
Strong emphasis is placed on the analysis of TV, radio, and print commercials.
Strong emphasis is placed on the basic skills of reading, writing, and math.
Strong emphasis is placed on the construction of working models and solving real-world problems.
Strong emphasis is placed on the contemporary period.
Strong emphasis is placed on the development of communication skills, both written and oral.
Strong emphasis is placed on the development of leadership and research skills.
Strong emphasis is placed on the development of problem-solving skills.
Strong emphasis is placed on the development of program leaders.
Strong emphasis is placed on the development of writing skills and logical thinking.
Strong emphasis is placed on the difficult transformation from independent producer to manager.
Strong emphasis is placed on the evolving role os the laboratory in the managed care setting.
Strong emphasis is placed on the federal income tax.
Strong emphasis is placed on the linking of culture and language.
Strong emphasis is placed on the managing and controlling functions.
Strong emphasis is placed on the molecular biology of viruses in lacture and lab.
Strong emphasis is placed on the overall appearance of the physique.
Strong emphasis is placed on the presentation, flavor, and quality of foods.
Strong emphasis is placed on the problem of perception.
Strong emphasis is placed on the production, design, manufacture and retailing of clothing.
Strong emphasis is placed on the quality of student proposals.
Strong emphasis is placed on the random nature of molecular motion.
Strong emphasis is placed on the solution of problems involving both one and two variables.
Strong emphasis is placed on the student's ability to communicate across all mediums.
Strong emphasis is placed on the use of computers in processing and analyzing complex data.
Strong emphasis is placed on the use of microcomputers to solve accounting problems.
Strong emphasis is placed on transition planning and school to work experiences.
Strong emphasis is placed on tutorial participation.
Strong emphasis is placed on using computerized accounting packages.
Strong emphasis is placed on using technology to increase student achievement in all academic areas.
Strong emphasis is placed on video, CD-ROM, and computer files.
Strong emphasis is placed on written and oral communication with parents.
Strong emphasis is placed up voter service activities.
Strong emphasis is placed upon evangelism, personal soul-winning, and service.
Strong emphasis is placed upon lab exercises including circuit construction and verification.
Strong emphasis placed on kindness helps to create positive relationships and mutual respect.
Strong encoding is achieved by creating concrete images of sights, feelings, sounds, tastes, smells.
Strong encryption changes all that.
Strong encryption enhances law enforcement.
Strong encryption exists, free to any person.
Strong encryption has the potential to make income and sales transactions untaxable by governments.
Strong encryption is a concept that is difficult to define in general terms.
Strong encryption is a tool that enables people and businesses to communicate securely.
Strong encryption is already available free on the Internet.
Strong encryption is available everywhere via the Internet.
Strong encryption is considered crucial to protect electronic privacy in the digital age.
Strong encryption is now part of the daily life of everyone who does business online.
Strong encryption is one of the greatest achievements of the information age.
Strong encryption is used to make secure transactions.
Strong encryption is used.
Strong encryption protects consumers and helps law enforcement by preventing crime on the Internet.
Strong encryption protects consumers, and helps law enforcement by preventing crime on the Internet.
Strong encryption refers to the size of the key used to encrypt the message.
Strong encryption remains a point of contention between the USA and the rest of the planet.
Strong encryption removes the ability to compress data.
Strong endings give information on the noun, like gender, case, and number.
Strong enforcement has to be a part of getting the job done.
Strong enforcement is needed to protect consumers.
Strong equity sponsorships significantly strengthens our position as a long-term lender.
Strong essays have coherent beginnings, middles and ends.
Strong ethics are essential to a free-market system.
Strong ethics are essential to businesses.
Strong ethics is the guiding principle in dealing with clients and candidates.
Strong evidence demonstrates potential.
Strong evidence exists for the power of collaborative work among students.
Strong evidence exists that it was on both streets at different periods.
Strong evidence exists that the incompatibility system is sporophytically determined.
Strong evidence exists tying estrogen exposure to breast cancer .
Strong evidence identifies culprits.
Strong evidence identifies likely culprits.
Strong evidence illustrates that tanning today is more dangerous than in the past.
Strong evidence indicates that a high proportion of colorectal cancers arise in adenomas.
Strong evidence indicates there is a hardcore of people intent on acts of vandalism and violence.
Strong evidence is mounting that suggests there exists large amounts of dark matter in the universe.
Strong evidence is required as well.
Strong evidence is, after all, strong evidence, even when it's a little shy of overwhelming.
Strong evidence links dietary factors to the risk of developing breast cancer.
Strong evidence points to part of the office being used as an opium den.
Strong evidence shows types.
Strong evidence suggests economic benefits, too.
Strong evidence suggests that s just what happened.
Strong evidence supports the contention that convection is responsible for much of the discrepancy.
Strong evidence supports the presence of a small number of four-member rings.
Most strong evidence demonstrates potential.
Most strong evidence shows types.
Some strong evidence indicates members.
Some strong evidence suggests animals.
Some strong evidence suggests gases.
Some strong evidence supports assumptions.
Some strong evidence supports effects.
Some strong evidence supports harmful effects.
Some strong evidence supports serious effects.
Some strong evidence supports serious harmful effects.
Strong exhortation is too risky, and offering bribes is out of the question.
Some strong exoskeletons are made of calcium.
Strong exports require strong customers.
Strong expressions create deep impressions.
Strong factions are one of the primary reasons why some Baronies end up with weak leaders.
Strong faith comes through practice.
Strong faith grows out of factual evidence.
Strong faith is earned by keeping the commandments.
Strong families are at the core of every successful community.
Strong families are essential to a nation.
Strong families are optimistic about the present and future and aspire to . . .
Strong families are so essential for a strong community.
Strong families are the basis of a strong Texas.
Strong families are the best solution to all social problems.
Strong families are the cornerstone of our culture.
Strong families are the cornerstones of vital communities.
Strong families are the foundation for kids who are safe, healthy, and thriving.
Strong families are the foundation of Arkansas communities - in a state with a positive future.
Strong families are the foundation of excellent communities.
Strong families are the foundation of our society, and are key to Missouri's future.
Strong families are the keys to productive workplaces.
Strong families build strong communities.
Strong families communicate easily and well - frequently, openly, clearly, and directly.
Strong families create time for fun and laughter.
Strong families discuss a variety of topics and listen to each others responses.
Strong families don t just happen.
Strong families encourage members to be involved in community activities.
Strong families encourage pride and loyalty.
Strong families exist in many different forms and circumstances, but they share similar qualities.
Strong families express appreciation to one another.
Strong families find ways to cope with the traumatic changes associated with divorce.
Strong families give stability to society and builds children into good citizens.
Strong families have members who give of themselves.
Strong families have spiritual beliefs that they share in common.
Strong families have traditions.
Strong families increase their understanding of each other by being good active listeners.
Strong families know that spending time together and doing things together doesn t simply happen.
Strong families love to entertain and serve each other.
Strong families maintain a balance of honesty and kindness.
Strong Families make a strong parish.
Strong families make a strong society.
Strong families make conscious plans to create time together doing things they enjoy.
Strong families make for a strong Arkansas.
Strong families make strong communities.
Strong families mean ready forces.
Strong families notice and share positive aspects of each other.
Strong families notice the efforts of family members and express appreciation for each other often.
Strong families nurture members across the life span.
Strong families plan family activities that the entire family can do together.
Strong families represent an important societal asset.
Strong families result in a strong society.
Strong families see more humor than families that have serious problems.
Strong families share common values.
Strong families solve problems with cooperation, creative brainstorming, and openness to others.
Strong families spend a lot of hours together.
Strong families spend time together.
Strong families support successful employees, who come to work ready to produce results.
Strong families talk and listen to each other.
All strong families begin with taking more responsibility for our children.
Strong feed bins with smooth inside surface with internal rolled edge.
Strong feeling means that they use strong energy.
Strong feeling takes precedence over everything else.
Strong feelings are appropriate and encouraged.
Strong feelings are likely to arise and they are part of the healing process.
Strong feelings can lead to changes in breathing patterns.
Strong feelings come because of factors in our early life experiences.
Strong feelings exist in Indonesia about protecting their national heritage.
Strong feelings surround translations.
Strong filaments appear between nearby peaks whose tidal tensors are nearly aligned.
Strong finances give a company staying power to weather difficult economic cycles.
Strong finishes result in fast races.
Strong fisheries can certainly play a role.
Strong flavor contrasts well with ice cream.
Strong flavors work best.
Strong flavours tend to hit at front of mouth.
Strong flow is very important.
Strong focus is placed on personal empowerment and professional advancement.
Strong footwear is essential and warm waterproof clothing is recommended.
Strong footwear is essential.
A strong force is fundamental interaction
Strong forces are now at work to bring it about.
Strong forces overcome repulsion.
Strong forces work against using standards-based assessments.
Most strong forces overcome repulsion.
Some strong forces cause gases.
Some strong forces have effects.
Strong foundations build strong futures.
Strong foundations take some time to develop.
Strong fragrances can put off a cat from using the litterbox.
Strong friendships develop both on the production lines and in counseling settings.
Strong friendships take a lot of patience and time to build and keep.
More strong friendships come from the valleys than they do from the mountain tops.
Strong Girls are likely to become successful women.
Strong girls make strong women, and athletics is an important part of that.
Strong glasses follow by association.
Strong glaze allows carving inside dish without scratching surface.
Strong gluten is good for bread, but it makes pie crusts tough.
Strong government has an interest in having strong opponents.
Strong graphics make a strong statement.
Strong group submissions over semester.
Strong grower needs a strong support like a fence or trellis.
Strong growth creates instant clumps.
Strong growth guarantees good finances, as the buoyancy of income tax receipts shows.
Strong growth is seen for state technology.
Strong growth requires high levels of investment.
Strong gusts are likely during showers.
Strong hamstrings are especially important in supporting the knee.
Strong handles are easy to lift and empty.
Strong harmonies feature in the chorus and through out the verses.
Strong health is the foundation for living life vibrantly.
Strong heat has the further advantage of penetrating deeply into the body.
Strong heroines deserve strong heroes.
Strong hikers can snowshoe or ski it in a day.
Strong hips make happy feet.
Strong hives can usually resist any attacks but weak hives are usually the first to succumb.
Any strong hive can serve as a cell builder.
Strong hockey background a plus.
Strong hooves provide structural stability that contributes to gait efficiency.
Strong horses have strong babies so wild horses are a lot sturdier than their domestic counterparts.
Strong hurricanes can cause great structural damage.
Strong ills require strong measures.
Strong implication is the finest non-classical relation of implication between propositions.
Strong individuals are usually a key factor in determining the strategies of a war.
Every strong industry needs a strong association.
Strong inequality arises from all-pass filter s.
Strong institutions are a prerequisite to the survival of democracy and respect for human rights.
Strong institutions are essential parts of effective formal financial systems.
Strong institutions are flexible.
Strong intention brings strong results.
Strong interaction is fundamental interaction
Strong interaction is interaction.
Strong interactions cause quarks to combine into hadrons.
Strong interactions have high information exchange.
Strong interactions have nothing to do with the absorption of electrons.
Strong interest exists in alternative work arrangements.
Strong irritants cause a strong temporary inflammatory effect on tissue at the site of contact.
Strong jaws help the gorilla chew tough stems.
Some strong jaws crush bones.
Strong jets are apparent in both images.
Strong joinery is used to ensure quality and durability.
Strong journalists carry on their shoulders the sins of weak and cynical ones.
Strong justification is required.
Strong Kids Learn about the investing world.
Strong kids tend to live healthier lives.
Strong kittens have strong suckle reflexes.
Strong knees are also helpful.
Strong language can protect workers jobs if they refuse unsafe work.
Strong language gets results.
Strong language is always a clue that the author is saying something important.
Strong language is used in heated conversation.
Some strong language is used.
Strong laws are necessary to ensure the creation of charter public schools.
Strong laws are the answer.
Strong laxatives can deplete the body of potassium.
Strong leads are important.
Strong leaders can often be the cause of the problem.
Strong leaders delegate responsibility.
Strong leaders model how to lead.
Strong leaders plan and then implement.
Strong leaders put learning and personal development high on their priority list.
Strong leaders secure buy-in.
Strong leadership can help ensure that initial reform objectives are achieved.
Strong leadership can prepare people for unified action.
Strong leadership can reduce the scope and depth of the problems.
Strong leadership ensures success.
Strong leadership is a crucial element in achieving world-class customer service.
Strong leadership is always the key to success.
Strong leadership is by no means a bad thing.
Strong leadership is critical to any successful reform effort.
Strong leadership is critical, but it can come from a variety of sources.
Strong leadership is essential at each school site.
Strong leadership is essential for birthing a church.
Strong leadership is essential for vertical slice collaboration and systemic collaboration.
Strong leadership is essential to overcome employees' resistance to change.
Strong leadership is essential to quality education.
Strong leadership is essential.
Strong leadership is imperative.
Strong leadership is key to implementation.
Strong leadership is key to reaching consensus.
Strong leadership is mandatory.
Strong leadership is needed for a community-based visitation program to make a difference.
Strong leadership is needed from the private sector to realize the cluster's potential.
Strong leadership is needed in order to move intended plans to funded actions.
Strong leadership is needed in the family for each child to mature and feel loved.
Strong leadership is needed right now.
Strong leadership is needed to unite science around issues rather than disciplines.
Strong leadership is needed.
Strong leadership is No.
Strong leadership is one.
Strong leadership is our key to success.
Strong leadership is reflected in confident followers.
Strong leadership is the key to the company's spectacular performance and growth.
Strong leadership makes organizations, businesses and communities stronger.
Strong leadership provides stability for the new relationships forming in the stepfamily.
Strong leadership requires character.
Strong leadership skills through mentoring and motivating people at various levels.
Strong leadership skills with a style that encourages shared decision-making and work climate.
Strong leadership skills with the ability to communicate and cooperate with others.
Strong leadership starts with having a clear identity.
Strong legs are important for powerful skating strides, starting, turning, and stopping.
Strong legs are important in all aspects of cheerleading.
Strong legs help support the back and that's a good thing.
Strong legs help the emu to run fast.
Strong legs make all other physical activities easier and more fun.
Some strong legs have toes.
Strong letter follows.
Strong ligaments are necessary for a stable spine.
Strong light can cause fading.
Strong light can have a disastrous effect on tapestries.
Strong light is a major enemy of books, it fades covers and makes paper go yellow.
Strong light is a positive, birds.
Strong light is necessary for good flower production.
Strong lights are painful to the eyes.
Strong lighting hits a sandy patch or a sandy road creating dramatic colour contrasts.
Strong limbs support heavy ornaments.
Strong limbs support weight.
Some strong limbs have feet.
Strong line indicate strong feelings, weaker lines indicate intense thought and weak opinions.
Strong Links have a purpose.
Strong links make a strong chain.
Strong linkages exist with the tribal agencies in the area.
Strong linkages exist within and between our tropical marine systems.
Strong local tradition contributes to life.
Strong local tradition contributes to long life.
Strong magnet gives quick dampening.
Strong magnets are used to separate out ferrous metals , such as iron, steel and tin cans .
Strong magnets attach through glass.
Strong magnets hold train cars together.
Strong majorities say they never drink alcohol and never smoke cigarettes or marijuana.
Strong man has an ax.
Strong man kills bear.
Strong men are masters of what happens.
Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Strong men bow down - back is bent over d.
Some strong men prepare for combat.
Strong management is key.
Strong management is needed to integrate across programs and functions.
Strong management is the basis of corporate success.
Strong management translates into the most important intangible element investor confidence.
Strong managers hire talented people and teach specific skills.
Strong marks are also an opportunity for academic scholarships.
Strong market pull resulting from continued growth in data traffic.
Strong markets are essential.
Strong marriages make a difference.
Strong marriages make secure environments for children.
Strong marriages make strong families.
Strong marriages yield strong families, churches, and communities.
Strong material is needed because the fabric is under great tension.
Strong materials are very difficult to break.
Strong meat are for men of full age, as milk is for babes.
Strong medications are one of the outside forces previously mentioned which can effect sex drive.
Strong medicine is required.
Strong mesh is attached to the inside of the rails.
Strong mesh is good, but thickness consistency is even more important.
All strong methods use public- key techniques.
All strong methods use public-key techniques.
Strong minds break strong chains.
Strong minds fuel strong organizations.
Strong mobility is all three, the most general.
Strong mode coupling in the avoided crossing regions permits energy leakage.
Strong moonlight can completely wash out a faint aurora display.
Strong morals keep both from happening.
Strong motivation can facilitate the process.
Strong motivation can facilitate the treatment process.
Strong motivation leads to a good outcome.
Strong motivation rises out of a strong feeling of self worth.
Strong motors reduce pump drag and have long life.
Strong muscles are important in providing support to joints and can be built with exercise.
Strong muscles bring benefits throughout life.
Strong muscles burn lots of calories.
Strong muscles can help prevent limitation of activities.
Strong muscles can prevent the most common causes of backaches.
Strong muscles close the blowhole before a whale dives underwater.
Strong muscles control joint motion and stability.
Strong muscles curl the skin tightly over their body.
Strong muscles demand constant, earnest training.
Strong muscles expand the mantle, drawing water into the mantle and over the gills.
Strong muscles extend from the mandible to the skull.
Strong muscles get shorter, while weak muscles lengthen.
Strong muscles give the joints better stability while they are in motion.
Strong muscles help support and protect joints affected by arthritis.
Strong muscles help support and protect joints that are weakened and damaged from arthritis.
Strong muscles protect joints from some bleeding episodes.
Strong muscles protect joints.
Strong muscles protect the joint and decrease the chance of injury.
Strong muscles provide needed support, making movement easier and reducing pain.
Strong muscles support the spine, therefore when muscles become stronger our posture improves.
Strong muscles use the grit to grind down the acorn.
Strong muscles vibrate the drum membranes several times per second.
Some strong muscles change shapes.
Some strong muscles connect valves.
Strong music skills with liturgical experience needed.
Strong nations tolerate dissenting expression.
Strong negotiations are crucial before boarding a tuk tuk.
Strong neighborhoods are particularly important to children and the elderly.
Strong neighborhoods build both strong individuals and communities.
Strong neighborhoods make for a vibrant community.
Strong neighbourhoods build strong cities.
Strong nerves are vital.
Strong neurosurgeons can provide dramatic relief in many cases.
Strong nuclear forces overcome repulsion.
Strong nylon serves as an excellent support.
Strong obligation implies general obligation.
Strong odors are the result of anaerobic conditions or ammonia formation.
Strong odors attract bears.
Strong odors can be objectionable to clients who are ill.
Strong odors can start a headache, too.
Strong odors emanate from the site during hot, dry weather.
Many strong odors are produced by sulfur compounds.
Some strong odor comes from urine.
Strong odours are often due to the solvents included in the formulation.
Strong ones are always better than the thin.
Strong opinions are acceptable.
Strong opinions are certainly welcome.
Strong opinions are fine, but civility and respect for others are mandatory.
Strong opinions can find a voice within a human rights framework.
Strong opponents argue that a didactic approach is better suited to most curriculum content.
Strong opportunities exist for commercial licensing and use in manufacturing.
Strong opposition comes from church friends when a young woman decides to stay at home.
Strong order is still a requirement of many commercial systems.
Strong organization provides the stability to build and maintain a long-term effort.
Strong organizations thrive on change.
Any strong organization requires strong leadership.
Strong oxidizers remove reduced compounds from the atmosphere.
Strong packaging is advisable as goods are discharged at anchor by overside delivery.
Strong paddlers can reach the mud lips of the island in four hours.
Strong painkillers are another type of performance enhancing drug.
Strong parallels are obvious.
Strong parents make strong teens.
Strong parishes mean a strong diocese.
Strong participation is essential.
Strong partisans are, politically speaking, good citizens.
Strong partners support one another.
Strong partnerships are an important aspect of the university's success.
Strong partnerships are crucial for success.
Strong partnerships are the foundation of successful community development.
Strong partnerships enhance the development of the college and the community.
Strong partnerships mean everything in business today.
Strong partnerships survive setbacks.
Strong passwords ARE better than weak ones.
Strong passwords are impossible to guess and easy to remember.
Strong passwords are passwords.
Strong passwords buy additional time against dictionary attacks.
Strong passwords can help deter break-in and misuse.
Strong passwords resist automated password guessing attacks.
Strong people are capable of dealing with things in a measured and low-key and firm way.
Strong people are mentally tough people.
Strong people are the cornerstone of a strong society and nation.
Strong people become followers of strong churches.
Strong people intimidate other people.
Strong people make a strong company.
Strong people make as many and as ghastly mistakes as weak people.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people.
All strong people know.
Strong performance attracts switchers, who pour in new assets.
Strong performance promotes respect - for staff, for services, for clients and for the organization.
Strong performances add authenticity and depth.
Many strong performers find it possible to double major in music along with another field.
Any strong person is Hercules.
Strong personalities feature in many of the titles.
Strong pessimism can result in good opportunities being ignored.
Strong photography skills with a knowledge of photo lighting and film.
Strong plants have a better chance of surviving the winter than weak plants.
Strong plants have very good foliage to prevent sunscald.
Strong plants produce heavy foliage which shields the fruits from sun scald.
Strong plastic features high walls and comfortable handle.
Strong players advise beginners to study and play it before anything else.
Strong players are lucky more often than weak players.
Strong players provide commentary and analysis.
Strong plots continue to be crucial.
A strong point is an asset
Strong point is the way in which the sites are tied in with the documentary requirements.
Strong points are desirable fruit flavor and adaptability to many growing regions.
Strong points are sail handling, fast learner and good listener.
Strong points are sales operations and cleaning perfection when the situation demands.
Strong points are the English and Canadian sections.
Strong Points can now only aid the defense of a weak unit.
Strong polyethylene handle designed for convenient hanging near work area.
Strong pool exists.
Strong portfolio is essential.
Strong positions are common in budget negotiations when the final deadline is still days away.
Strong possibilities exist in the Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan and Russia.
Strong power surges such as lightning can corrupt the program file loaded on the printer.
Strong practice is needed.
Strong preference is given to applicants prepared to make a long-term commitment to the study site.
Strong preference is given to applicants who are full-time Ph.D. students.
Strong preference is given to applicants who are Mississippi residents.
Strong preference is given to children of alumni.
Strong preference is given to doctoral applicants.
Strong preference is given to incoming music majors.
Strong preference is given to incoming students.
Strong preference is given to members in good standing of the sponsoring church.
Strong preference is given to members of the sponsoring church.
Strong preference is given to Missouri residents.
Strong preference is given to Ph.D. applicants.
Strong preference is given to researchers using the center's data resources.
Strong preference is given to residents of Mississippi.
Strong preference is given to residents of North Carolina.
Strong preference is given to scholars who are demonstrably and primarily students of organizations.
Strong preference is given to students with more-substantial mathematics training.
Strong preference is given to training in a rural setting.
Strong Primes are Easy to Find.
Strong principals are the essential prerequisite of effective schools.
Strong principals attract, and keep, the best faculty.
Strong problem solving and communication skills are necessary.
Strong problem solving skills are essential.
Strong problem solving skills are necessary.
Strong problem solving, communication, presentation and organizational skills are necessary.
Strong process related skills are also essential.
Strong productivity is necessary for continued strong growth.
Strong proficiency is shown by course work.
Strong programs are aware of and contribute to the needs of an entire community.
Strong programs are the result of careful planning and a strong vision.
Strong programs represent tremendous hope for students and communities.
All strong programs use opening books and update their books automatically after each game.
Strong programming attracts key demographics.
Strong promoters use in plant transformation.
Strong promoters use in transformation.
Most strong promoters use in plant transformation.
Most strong promoters use in transformation.
Strong prompts are harder to fade .
Strong prompts are harder to fade.
Some strong punishments are necessary for the peace of our society.
Strong quads make every move easier and protect against injuries, especially ones to the knees.
Strong quadriceps are less likely to cramp or fatigue.
Strong quadriceps protect the kneecap and the front if the knee joint.
Strong reactions can result in insomnia, and heart disease.
Strong reactions come from within.
Strong readership is another.
Strong reasons make strong actions.
Strong recipes used over a long period can be harmful to the birds.
Strong reduction is planned.
Strong references avail.
Strong regulation continues to be necessary.
Strong reinforcement encourages students to speak and offers a model for other students to emulate.
Strong relationships are essential to individual and group effectiveness.
Strong relationships can only occur when two people deliberately work at it.
Strong relationships establish valued ties.
Strong relationships exist among faculty, staff, and administration.
Strong relationships lead to noticeable cost savings.
Strong relationships rely on being able to share feelings, knowledge and understanding.
Strong relationships require faith and support to thrive.
Many strong relationships revolve around active, highly placed alumni.
Strong resistance appears to accompany all important and groundbreaking legislation. . .
Strong resistance continues.
Strong responses are also evident from Luxembourg, Portugal, Greece and Finland.
Strong rights presume strong responsibilities.
Strong rocks yield vertical cliffs, whereas weak rocks produce more gently sloped canyon walls.
Strong roots appear within a matter of days.
Strong Roots Build Strong Branches.
Strong roots prepare grass for the rigors of winter and pave the way for a healthy lawn in spring.
Some strong roots grow surfaces.
Strong ropes are made from the bark fibres of the long surface roots.
Strong ropes make climbing possible and special tools attach ropes to cave walls .
Strong ropes make climbing possible and special tools attach ropes to cave walls.
Strong rotation becomes organized to the right of the funnel and is kicking up some dirt or spray.
Strong s calls it the plural intensive with a singular meaning.
Strong safety is known for bombastic gestures after a big play and a quick wit.
Strong sale organizations focus on growth.
Strong sales mean more proceeds to Missouri's public education programs.
Some strong scent attracts insects.
Strong scholars make good books.
Strong scholarship is tied to strong chapter achievement and increased recruitment.
Strong schools are vital to the health of a community.
Strong schools benefit all homeowners.
Strong schools have strong teams.
Strong schools make it easier to attract residents and businesses.
Strong scientific evidence shows types.
Strong scraping leading to short beam lifetimes is used to calibrate the loss monitors.
Strong seasonings overpower the meat so stick with aromatic herbs such as thyme, tarragon and sage.
Strong security ensures that only users with a preset authentication level get access to documents.
Strong security features protect data in transit between the server and mobile users.
Strong security is another core capability.
Strong security is essential for products that encrypt transient data.
Strong security is essential in the broadband environment.
Strong security is in opposition to the culture of many organizations.
Strong selection can cause rapid change.
Strong selection has an important impact on the theory of adaptation.
Strong sellers are unwilling to sell at fire-sale prices.
Strong sensation is important and the ability to both give and receive it is sought after.
Strong serve is important of course and is absolutely high efficacy for winning the games.
Strong servicing is a key to successfully serving the higher-risk markets.
Strong shadows contrast with glowing areas of sunlight.
Strong shadows make mountains and craters stand out in high relief.
Strong showers are possible.
Strong signals can corrupt the computation through their sidelobes.
Strong skills are necessary in organization and in oral and written communication.
Strong smell attracts insects.
Most strong smell attracts insects.
Strong snaps are essential.
Some strong snowstorms can have wind.
Strong solutions can dissolve paint.
Strong solutions can irritate skin and pose a danger to eyes.
Strong solvents are corrosive to skin.
Many strong solvents are immiscible with aqueous containing mobile phases.
Strong spices can sometimes upstage the main events here.
Strong sponsorship is critical.
Strong spotlights are simple to operate and require no waiting time for warm-up and restart.
Strong stands keep opportunistic fall grasses from invading.
Strong starts are commonplace for the four-time Colonial Cup finalist.
Strong states have strong armies''.
Strong states make their own disasters.
Strong stems are ideal for cutting.
Strong stems keep flowers from breaking off easily.
Strong stimuli produce action potentials more rapidly than weak stimuli.
Strong stocks are expensive.
Strong storms are in the forecast for parts of central and southern Florida.
Strong storms can cause landscape problems such as flooding, broken tree limbs and erosion.
Strong storms move into areas.
Strong storms produce wind.
Most strong storms move into areas.
Most strong storms produce wind.
Some strong storms cause damage.
Some strong storms cause significant damage.
Some strong storms push air mass.
Some strong storms push arctic air mass.
Some strong storms push mass.
Strong stories find creative ways to tell children the truth about their troubled world.
Strong stresses have to be lifts, and typically alliterate.
Strong structure is almost universal among long-lived buildings.
Strong structure is important.
Strong students know how to organize and value information.
Strong sublimation causes weak mass balance gradients in the subtropics.
Strong subsidence leads to very warm, dry air aloft, often appearing at high elevations first.
A strong suit is a collection
Strong suit is fertilizer products, specialty is micronutrients.
Strong sunlight disinfects water by permanently de-activating bacteria, spores, moulds and viruses.
Strong sunlight is of course their worst enemy as it does have a bearing on their visibility.
Strong sunlight is one example of good lighting.
Strong sunlight is only one of many types of good lighting.
Strong sunlight means black shadows in the eye sockets.
Strong sunlight melts the snow-first it softens, then turns to slush.
Strong sunlight occurs only occasionally, in certain locations.
Strong support comes from perhaps a dozen of our residents.
Strong support deserves a strong response.
Strong support exists for public accountability legislation.
Strong support exists on campus as well.
Strong support is given to continuous development of students' academic skills.
Strong support is given to professional development.
Strong support is needed in both voluntary and incentive programs.
Strong support is needed to defeat the ongoing effort to repeal the beer tax.
Strong support is needed.
Strong surf makes it very difficuilt.
Strong suspense can be wonderful.
Strong swimmers are long and slender and occupy a variety of habitats.
Strong swimmers occupy habitats.
Strong swimmers return to coasts.
All strong swimmers are mendicant friars.
Most strong swimmers occupy habitats.
Most strong swimmers return to coasts.
Some strong swimmers carry ropes.
Some strong swimmers use hoofs.
Strong tannins give structure and depth, and allow the wines to age for long periods.
Strong tea is served in small glass cups and Turkish coffee in small porcelain cups.
Strong team work among staff and departments is also essential.
Strong teams are a foundation of the instructional program and total school program.
Strong temptations are generally a sign of great grace, rather than of little grace.
Strong temptations are often more a sign of great grace than of little grace.
Strong text indicates what the computer wrote to the screen.
Some strong themes emerge across the selection.
Strong thinner is used.
Strong thunderstorms are possible in Southern California today.
Strong thunderstorms can produce waterspouts with little or no advance warning.
Strong thunderstorms spawn tornadoes, damaging coastal buildings.
Some strong thunderstorms produce hails.
Some strong thunderstorms produce tornado.
Strong tides can occur at all seasons, depending on the year.
Strong tides dictate fishing times and techniques.
Strong ties differ from country to country, city to city, individual to individual.
Strong ties exist among anti-choice extremists in different countries .
Strong ties exist between Long Island's academic, research and technology based companies.
Strong ties help during times of high stress, illness, and other taxing life experiences.
Strong tobacco undertones.
Strong teeth can resist cavities better than weak teeth.
Strong tornadoes are one of the most destructive forces of nature on a small scale.
Strong Tornadoes can lift cars and trains off of the ground.
Most strong tornadoes occur in rural areas.
Strong traction restores it to place.
Strong tradition contributes to life.
Strong tradition contributes to long life.
Most strong tradition contributes to long life.
Strong trees grow from little acorns harkening of our humble beginnings.
Strong trials build strong faith.
Strong turbulence is characterized by the absence of long-lived structures.
Strong undercurrents are a particular hazard.
Strong updraft is evident from the crisp clouds under the back-sheared anvil.
Strong updrafts occur at time.
Most strong updrafts occur at time.
Some strong updrafts occur in thunderstorms.
Strong value is placed on input from team members on an ongoing basis.
Strong values are at risk for too many families.
Strong values make a company better able to adapt and thrive in changing business conditions.
Strong verbs are specific.
Strong verbs are the key to taut writing.
Strong verbs are verbs of action.
Strong verbs are words like agree, receive, analyze, inquire, announce, replace, assume, etc.
Strong verbs create action, save words, and reveal the players.
Strong verbs create vivid images and memorable moments.
Strong verbs form the past and past perfect by changing their vowels.
Strong verbs have a mind of their own, bucking the rules.
Strong verification skills a plus.
Strong views exist for and against the plan.
Strong views represent a kind of high sunk cost.
Strong vines bear an abundant crop.
Strong vocals accompany a strong worship spirit.
Strong vocals front the band, mesmerizing the audience.
Strong vocalization is used to proclaim territones and to make contact with separated individuals.
Strong warnings urge parents to place such seats in the back seat of vehicles with airbags.
Strong waves erode the base of the cliff between the high tide and low tide level.
Strong waves make a cuspate delta a pointed, tooth-shaped version of the arcuate.
Strong westerlies dominate the Northern Hemisphere winter.
Strong wind blows away the record books.
Strong wind blows in.
Strong wind creates blizzard conditions.
Strong wind creates conditions.
Strong wind damages windows.
Strong wind drives storms.
Strong wind is another threat to the sprawling plant.
Strong wind pushes seeds.
Strong wind pushes water.
Strong wind uproots plants.
Strong winds accompany the blast.
Strong winds acting on a tall silo can produce the same effect.
Strong winds are a handicap to some tender plants.
Strong winds are a real hazard, as they can spread the fire great distances.
Strong winds are always possible.
Strong winds are another common cause of papaya disaster.
Strong winds are associated with storms or the dry season.
Strong winds are common and it is the beginning of the gnat season.
Strong winds are common.
Strong winds are detrimental to the development hurricanes from thunderstorm complexes.
Strong winds are frequent during the winter, and fog during the summer, which limits accessibility.
Strong winds are frequent, mainly from the west and north-west.
Strong winds are infrequent in summer and mostly associated with thunderstorms.
Strong winds are likely to send accumulation whipping through the air, piling into hazardous drifts.
Strong winds are likely to topple a cankered tree by breaking it over at the canker site.
Strong winds are more dangerous than still weather because they dry people out.
Strong winds are most likely during fall and early spring.
Strong winds are uncomfortable for the birds and can scatter the food.
Strong winds are unlikely.
Strong winds are virtually absent, and even on the higher plateaus there is only a mild breeze.
Strong winds blow a few days a year from the interior, bringing heat and discomfort to the coast.
Strong winds blow across the endless plains during both summer and winter.
Strong winds blow at the boundaries between the belts and zones.
Strong winds blow clouds round and round the eye.
Strong winds blow in an anti clockwise direction.
Strong winds blow loose soil from the ground after plowing, especially during droughts.
Strong winds blowing over loose soil or sand is what causes sandstorms.
Strong winds break off tall plants . . .
Strong winds can actually move a golf ball at rest, especially when on a putting surface.
Strong winds can also make outside work on ladders or rooftops more dangerous.
Strong winds can blow birds off their course.
Strong winds can blow up big dust storms.
Strong winds can break branches onto power lines causing power outages.
Strong winds can cause abrasion, tearing and desiccation.
Strong winds can cause damage that is equal to, or worse than, a tornado.
Strong winds can cause structural failure and turn loose objects into deadly missiles.
Strong winds can cause the strands to flap loose.
Strong winds can change heights and times significantly.
Strong winds can damage plants, so avoid windy sites, or construct or plant suitable windbreaks.
Strong winds can flow through gaps at the base of tall buildings.
Strong winds can increase moisture loss from the soil and vegetation.
Strong winds can lift into the air water droplets, especially from waves.
Strong winds can occur at any time.
Strong winds can permanently deform the areas trees.
Strong winds can pick up quickly, channelled by the deep fiords.
Strong winds can pose a problem, too.
Strong winds can produce deadly missiles and structural failure.
Strong winds can produce short, choppy, dangerous and reduced temperatures.
Strong winds can produce tornado-like damage.
Strong winds can snap off the snow laden tops of trees.
Strong winds can split the bark or crack some main limbs.
Strong winds can spread the fire to nearby structures.
Strong winds can stir up trouble for farmers in the Central Sands region of Wisconsin.
Strong winds can topple trees and houses.
Strong winds can topple trees and push cars and trucks off the road.
Strong winds can whip up great ocean waves that damage ships and flood land.
Strong winds cause asymmetrical tree growth and mechanical stress.
Strong winds cause the most concern with keeping warm.
Strong winds combined with temperatures in the teens or twenties cause frostbite in minutes.
Strong winds continue to be predicted and firefighters are gearing up for a long weekend.
Strong winds create blowing snow by picking up old or new snow.
Strong winds create large waves.
Strong winds creating mechanical turbulence from trees, ridges and buildings can be treacherous.
Strong winds eject particles from the sur- face in a mode of transport called saltation.
Strong winds erode the channel floors and form linear dunes on the overbank areas.
Strong winds force water from beneath the ice and can decay the edges of the ice.
Strong winds form a gust front into a shelf cloud along the leading edge of the storm.
Strong winds give the feeling of the changing atmosphere.
Strong winds help to disperse the wake.
Strong winds increase the concentration of oxygen available to the fire.
Strong winds lift more dust off the ground, which further heats the atmosphere.
Strong winds limit the growth of trees on the islands.
Strong winds occur more frequently along the arctic coast than in the continental interiors.
Strong winds predominate on the east side of the park.
Strong winds prevail in the lee of the coast.
Strong winds prevail year-round.
Strong winds reduce activity.
Strong winds reduce the temperature contrast by mixing together the city and rural air.
Strong winds require special care and can even halt operations.
Strong winds require special care.
Strong winds result from large pressure gradients.
Strong winds scour and pummel the mountain as the summit pokes into the jet stream.
Strong winds stir up the ocean and make it harder to find the tortuguita.
Strong winds try to blow it over.
Most strong wind creates blizzard conditions.
Most strong wind creates conditions.
Some strong wind breaks limbs.
Some strong wind breaks weak limbs.
Some strong wind carries hails.
Some strong wind causes air.
Some strong wind causes damage.
Some strong wind combines with rainfall.
Some strong wind combines with significant rainfall.
Some strong wind combines with snow.
Some strong wind produces crop damage.
Some strong wind produces damage.
Strong winter wind pushes seeds.
Strong women are automatic targets in our culture.
Strong women are awesome women.
Strong women are sexy too.
Strong women ask for help when they are weak.
Strong women assert themselves, state their opinions and make themselves heard.
Strong women can have children.
Strong women can often achieve power only by manipulating weak husbands.
Strong women create a stronger society.
Strong women have solid ideals and real lives of their own.
Strong women know themselves and take crap from no one, male or female.
Strong women stay slim .
Strong women stay slim.
Most strong women can have children.
Strong words are just that.
Strong workers can lift and carry heavy loads with less fatigue or risk of injury.
Strong wrists are also important for stick handling.
Strong wrists are key to a strong swing.
Strong writing requires both general and specific statements.
Strong yarns resist wear and tear.
Stronger acids dissolve silver.
Stronger acids have weaker conjugate bases.
Stronger acidity is associated with a lower pKa value.
Stronger alleles affect all the abdominal segments in similar frequencies.
Stronger analgesics can actually mask pain, interfere with recovery and sometimes be dangerous.
Some stronger analgesics require a doctor's prescription.
Stronger athletes use more tension.
Stronger auroras can appear tinged with blue or red.
Stronger beams make darker shadows.
Stronger bed forms a cap rock that holds up the arch.
Stronger bones reduce the risks of osteoporosis and fractures.
Stronger bumpers add an inch to overall length.
Stronger characters can take up all four points, while weaker characters use up only a single point.
Stronger cheeses pair well with stronger, heartier breads and crackers.
Stronger children grow into stronger, more productive adults.
Stronger chimps help weaker ones to cross roads in the wild.
Stronger claims are harder to prove, easier to disprove.
Stronger colors disappear in the fading light.
Stronger columns are more expensive to build.
Stronger consideration is given to students who work or study in the area.
Stronger contact is permitted here, but can be very damaging to our front end.
Stronger creatures use slavery to take advantage of the weak.
Stronger districts have specialists in the elementary schools.
Stronger dogs have a higher rank in the pack.
Stronger doses intensify reactions.
Stronger doses intensify reactions.
Stronger economies can afford to invest more in protecting the environment.
Stronger economies mean higher rates of GDP growth, more employment and better profitability.
Stronger emphasis is placed on theory than on practice.
Stronger encryption is clearly necessary for any serious security.
Stronger evidence exists for an association with skin cancer.
Stronger evidence exists that it can result in withdrawal symptoms in the newborn.
Stronger fabric is concentrated in the leech and foot where loads are greatest.
Stronger families build stronger churches.
Stronger families mean stronger communities, and stronger communities means less crime.
Stronger feelings make for better sex.
Stronger filters give more saturated colors.
Stronger forces produce faster tapers, smaller tips, and thinner walls at the tip.
Stronger forms are more likely to initiate cell division than weaker forms.
Stronger germs are harder to kill.
Stronger glass addresses one aspect of the glass safety issue, but all glass is destructible.
Stronger growth has to come from investment.
Stronger gusts swoosh through the air with a calmly latent power.
Stronger hands are also less likely to fatigue or become injured.
Some stronger herbs can cause dermatitis or skin irritation when placed on the skin.
Stronger hues are completely stable and the flesh tones are always appealing.
Stronger individuals means that the community is more resilient to disturbance.
Stronger institutions look for greener pastures untainted by the collapsing regulatory edifice.
Stronger joggers run along the road rather than the walkway.
Stronger levels can make more complex illusions and harder for detection.
Stronger lofts help carry distance.
Stronger lotions are available with a prescription.
Stronger marijuana means stronger effects.
Stronger medicine is needed.
Stronger medicines are available, though usually unecessary.
All stronger mesenteries fertile.
Stronger muscles absorb more impact and protect against injury in children and adolescents.
Stronger muscles appear to strengthen more than very weak ones.
Stronger muscles benefit people with arthritis because they help support and protect joints.
Stronger muscles can help improve joint health and reduce pain.
Stronger muscles can provide better support for joints and can help prevent falls.
Stronger muscles have many cells arranged in parallel like the jaw muscle.
Stronger muscles help prevent hernias.
Stronger muscles help prevent joint pain and facilitate erect posture.
Stronger muscles lead to little or no urine loss for many women.
Stronger muscles move faster than weaker muscles.
Stronger muscles take up less space and burn more calories than fat tissue.
Stronger muscles use fewer fibers for the same task and therefore are easier to control.
Stronger ones are immune.
Stronger ones require five women, one to sit on their chests and one for each arm and leg.
Stronger organs means better respiration, circulation, digestion and elimination.
Stronger organisms require stronger antibiotics, which create stronger organisms.
Stronger painkillers are minimally effective.
Stronger painkillers are only partially effective.
Stronger patents are always better.
Stronger patents minimize the chances of losing the patent if contested in the courts.
Stronger people have a tendency to look at for the weak and basically a sense of family developes.
Stronger pieces are the more rare and bombs can only be diffused by specially trained miners.
Stronger player plays middle shots.
Stronger players can live with less spin because they can power the ball into the air.
Stronger players give handicaps to weaker players, so everyone has a chance to win a game.
Stronger prescriptions have stronger distortions because of the abundance of material.
Stronger reactions address more fundamental aspects of the process.
Stronger relations yield faster comprehension.
Stronger representation is needed from Eastern Washington.
Stronger results hold in one dimension, for vibrating strings.
Stronger rocks transmit waves generated by an earthquake much better than weaker rocks.
Stronger security is necessary to encourage and attract partners with sensitive data.
Stronger shank can be special ordered.
Stronger shears lead to longer storm life cycles, and repeated severe episodes.
Stronger shoots are usually on the outside of the clump.
Stronger signals can change the state faster than weak signals.
Stronger solutions remove some of the paint.
Stronger storms can move almost at right - angles to the cloud motion.
Stronger stratification means that little oxygen is exchanged between the two layers.
Stronger students can help support weaker students.
Stronger students help weaker ones.
Stronger symptoms are headache, mind fogginess and weakness.
Stronger tea provides more nitrogen for micro-organisms.
Stronger throwers can wait longer.
Stronger transitions link parts by their relation to one another.
Stronger treatments are available, but are usually unnecessary.
Stronger trees are better able to resist diseases such as birch leaf blight.
Stronger units recruit weaker enemy units to which they move adjacent.
Stronger veins are less likely to leak and form bruises and varicose veins.
Stronger versions are also available.
Stronger voltages make it glow continuously.
Stronger waterspouts pose threats to watercraft, aircraft and people.
Stronger winds create barchans , whose edges always point downward.
Stronger winds create tell-tale signs that meteorologists can use to estimate wind speeds.
Stronger winds produce more power.
Stronger Writing Take a look at a well-written newspaper or magazine and learn.
Strongest areas are civil, mechanical, materials, industrial, and environmental.
Strongest coverage is in the humanities, particularly literary criticism.
Strongest demand comes from Mexico, Korea, Japan, and Canada.
Strongest disagreement comes from department heads and tenured faculty.
Strongest factor correlating with a poor outcome is deep myometrial invasion.
Strongest group can put pressure on even the strongest broker.
Strongest holdings are in historical material, but the sciences are also represented.
Strongest painkillers are only partially effective.
Strongest reflection is obtained when the materials are good conductors .
Strongest winds are near the Earth's surface.
A stronghold is defence
Strongholds feature various types of main rooms.
Strongholds speak of a city with an iron wall built around it for protection from an enemy attack.
Strongholds vary in size.
Every stronghold has a king ruler governing the forces and reigning over the stronghold.
Stronghurst soils are on nearly level or gently sloping benches and ridges of till plains.
A strongman is a potentate
Strongmans are dictators.
Strongmans are performers.
Strongmen are unable to hide the fact that they look strong.
Strongmen even eat a lot more than a tourist.
Strongmen love to train hard.
Strontium chloride is used in toothpaste for sensitive teeth.
Strontium chromate is an essential component in the primer paint to provide corrosion control.
Strontium chromate occurs as monoclinic yellow crystals.
Strontium ferrite is a ceramic compound used to produce high strength magnets.
Strontium oxide is used to improve the quality of pottery glazes.
Strontium also bioaccumulates in the body.
Strontium also has no regulatory guideline and is considered non-toxic.
Strontium also occurs as a silicate in the mineral brewsteiite.
Strontium also results in a denser skeleton.
Strontium can accurately show researchers the exact location and time of a fish swimming in a river.
Strontium has no biological role.
Strontium has several natural isotopes, and many artificial ones.
Strontium is a byproduct of marijuana smoke.
Strontium is a non-essential mineral.
Strontium is a soft metal like lead and, when freshly cut, has a silvery lustre.
Strontium is a soft metal that reacts to air, to form a yellowish color.
Strontium is a soft, shiny metal.
Strontium is a soft, silvery metal.
Strontium is absorbed into the skeleton and can cause bone cancer.
Strontium is already in the bones of American children.
Strontium is also available in soluble forms including chlorides , nitrates and acetates .
Strontium is an element that belongs to the group of alkaline-earth metals.
Strontium is chemical elements.
Strontium is chemically similar to calcium.
Strontium is found chiefly as celestite and strontianite.
Strontium is found in celestite and strontianite ores.
Strontium is metal
Strontium is metallic elements.
Strontium is one of the most common elements found on earth.
Strontium is present in sea water and soil.
Strontium is radioactive substances.
Strontium is softer than calcium and decomposes in water more vigorously.
Strontium is softer than calcium and decomposes water more vigorously.
Strontium is used in producing glass for color television picture tubes.
Strontium is used in red fireworks.
Strontium is used to make pyrotechnics.
Strontium provides insights into how much the animal traveled as their molars developed.
Strontium resembles and acts like calcium.
Strophic form is a form of vocal music in which all stanzas are sung to the same music.
Struckout text indicates language that is being deleted from the existing statutes.
Structual bulkheads are glassed and mechanically fastened to the hull.
Structural abnormalities involve changes in the structure of one or more chromosomes.
Structural accuracy is likely to be random or severely limited.
Structural adaptation is physical features of an organism.
Structural adaptations are adaptations that have to do with the animal's physical features.
Structural adaptations encompass the physical features that help earthworms to survive.
Structural adhesive has chemical resistance.
Structural adhesive has heat resistance.
Structural adhesive has resistance.
Structural adhesive has strong chemical resistance.
Structural adhesive has strong resistance.
Structural adhesives give new possibilities for joining different materials.
Most structural adhesive has chemical resistance.
Most structural adhesive has heat resistance.
Most structural adhesive has resistance.
Most structural adhesive has strong chemical resistance.
Most structural adhesive has strong resistance.
Structural adjustment appears to have benefited many poor households.
Structural adjustment demands an increase in exports and foreign exchange earnings.
Structural adjustment embodies the goals of neoclassical theory.
Structural adjustment is a dynamic process which has to become more responsive to social needs.
Structural adjustment is adaptation to a new world.
Structural adjustment is used to force poor countries to service insurmountable debts.
Structural adjustment is wealth concentration and plunder.
Structural adjustment is well underway in East-Central Europe.
Structural adjustment requires leadership beyond the capacity of the average technocrat.
Structural adjustment stands increasingly naked.
Structural advantages constitute the best aspects of new dorms.
Structural alternatives can offer site-specific as well as overall protection.
Structural analysis includes trend analysis and variography.
Structural analysis is a very important aid for assessing the costs of conceivable alternatives.
Structural analysis is in progress.
Structural analysis is possible in the following areas.
Structural attributes are predicates, relations, and propositions.
Structural balance is vital for optimum health.
Structural base is constructed of welded, heavy duty structural sections.
Structural basins are formed by tectonic activity .
Structural basins form as tectonic plates shift.
Structural biology involves the study of the structure of biological molecules.
Structural biology is also a strong component of our research activities.
Structural biology is poised to make pivotal contributions to life sciences during the next decade.
Structural biology is stressed in each area.
Structural biology is used for downstream optimisation of enzyme function.
All structural blocks are precut.
Structural breaks complicate everything .
Structural bulkheads are plywood tabbed to the hull with fiberglass cloth and resin.
Structural bulkheads have to be located in strategic positions to ensure integrity of the structure.
All structural calculations are by licensed architects and structural engineers.
Structural capital contains customer capital and organizational capital.
Structural capital is the organizational capabilities to meet market requirements.
Structural capital is the supportive infrastructure of human capital.
Structural capital refers to the capabilities of the organization to meet market requirements.
Structural carbohydrates provide energy.
Most structural carbohydrates provide energy.
Structural change begins with the conversion of each heart.
Structural change creates opportunities for other competitors.
Structural change equals real change.
Structural change is natural in a capitalist economy.
Structural change makes Oregon's economy less predictable.
Structural change occurs within the world system also which has impact on women.
Structural changes address the basic power relationships that drive modern agriculture.
Structural changes are underway in higher education.
Structural changes being implemented vary widely.
Structural changes can be politically and emotionally difficult for all involved.
Structural changes can have a particularly important impact on average weekly earnings.
Structural changes come in three different forms.
Structural changes explain the resilience to higher oil prices .
Structural changes go deeper still.
Structural changes have enormous impact on monetary policy.
Structural changes refer to changes from the evolution of the market.
Structural changes result when collagen and elastin quantity and quality are reduced.
Structural changes take longer.
Some structural changes require a defined transition period.
Structural characterization includes transmission electron microscopy.
Structural cohesion is also of two different sorts.
Structural collapse is certainly newsworthy.
Structural collapses can be difficult to predict and often result in multiple fatalities.
Structural coloration can produce the most brilliant colours, often iridescent .
Structural columns can present aesthetic challenges for any architect or designer.
Structural complexity can alter canopy physiology and defines habitat for canopy-dwelling species.
Structural complexity refers to how the surface area on a plant is put together.
Structural concepts result in complex clauses when encoded as literals.
Structural condition is most important - items such as walls, ceilings, floors, doors and windows.
Structural condition is unknown to seller.
Structural conditions affect a person's differential reinforcements.
Structural constraints are more likely to affect unicellular than multicellular organisms.
Structural control represents a high technology proposal for civil engineering innovation.
Structural controls require operation and maintenance to ensure continued performance.
Structural correctness refers to several traits.
Structural correlates suggest that some behaviors are a direct result of brain damage.
Structural costs are very low because the frame can be lighter and plastic film is inexpensive.
Structural coupling is the manner of encountering between two systems.
Structural cracks form yet another path for rain penetration.
Structural damage accounts for the majority of the difference.
Structural damage appears to be minor.
Structural damage can also affect the operation of the pupil or the lens.
Structural damage can also result from the weight of tephra, especially if it is wet.
Structural damage caused by the borers weakens the trees that often break during storms.
Structural damage is done to small residences and utility buildings.
Structural damage is in the billions of dollars.
Structural damage related to piping is similar to that caused by hydrocompaction.
Structural damage seems to mirror the lives of the inhabitants.
Some structural damage is caused by hurricanes.
Some structural damage is likely.
Some structural damage occurs to small buildings, residences and utility buildings.
Structural dampeners enable seismic reinforcement.
Structural data show that eubacteria are more closely related to protists.
Structural defects are far more serious, but less common than habitation or workmanship defects.
Structural Defects Consider a professional home inspection.
Structural Defects Consider an independent home inspection.
Structural deficits give rise to vicious circles.
Structural design focuses on the interface design and navigation pathways.
Structural design is set.
Structural design is the key to quality.
Structural designs depend on a properly installed windshield and back glass for support.
Structural details are often crucial to the activity of the compound.
Structural differences are less important, as they can be removed by transformations.
Structural difficulties are the toughest to overcome.
Structural disorder is indicated in the atomic columns directly bordering the interface.
Structural diversity is substantial, but metabolic diversity is fairly limited.
Structural dome is in place and cable detached.
Structural dynamics are acceptable.
Structural dynamics review.
Some structural edges reach down into the surface of the flower.
Structural effects help to account for differences.
Structural elements can be organizations, commercial establishments and services for members.
Structural elements provide unsurpassed simplicity and strength.
Many structural elements exhibit non-linear behavior.
Structural engineers can learn a lot from the behavior of buildings and bridges during earthquakes.
Structural engineers learn more about building performance after every earthquake.
Structural engineers make decisions.
Structural engineers make final decisions.
Structural engineers recognize concrete.
Structural engineers recognize purposes.
Structural engineers use properties.
Structural engineers work hard to ensure the safety of their clients and the public.
Most structural engineers make decisions.
Most structural engineers make final decisions.
Most structural engineers recognize concrete.
Most structural engineers recognize purposes.
Most structural engineers use properties.
Some structural engineers design decks.
Some structural engineers design pavement.
Some structural engineers examine damage.
Some structural engineers have information.
Structural engineering forms an important component of the civil engineering profession.
Structural engineering includes the analysis and design of structural members in buildings.
Structural engineering is a science and procedure used to keep things from falling down.
Structural engineering is composed of more than five aspects, however.
Structural engineering is required for all new structures.
Structural engineering is the study and design of structures.
Structural equation models Structural equation models Course title Course title.
Structural errors look at formatting mistakes.
Structural evidence includes truncation and offset of units.
Structural evidence indicates little DNA change during development .
Structural evidence supports the relatedness of all eukaryotes.
Structural exercises are common to most weight training programs.
Structural factors are likely to play a significant role.
Structural factors make some actors more noticeable than others.
Structural failure is virtually non-existent in a properly maintained glider.
Structural failures are often the result of poor drainage.
Many structural failures occur during construction or during repair of an existing building.
Structural fasteners are stainless steel.
Any structural faults affecting efficiency or constitution are highly undesirable .
Structural features are the specific technological design strategies that support the spirit.
Structural features help environments.
Structural features provide the hypothesis for detailed biochemical and molecular experiments.
Many structural features elicit involuntary orienting responses in TV viewers.
Most structural features help environments.
Some structural features provide insight.
Structural fix seems appropriate.
A structural formula is a molecular formula
Structural formula uses abbreviations of different groups of atoms for simplicity.
Structural formulas are on their way.
Structural formulas have particular value in the study of organic chemistry.
Structural formulas show what atoms are joined together.
Structural fumigation accounts for most of the remainder of the methyl bromide use in California.
Structural functionalists believe that society leans towards social equilibrium and social order.
Structural gaps require structural bridges.
Structural genomics boost.
Structural genomics includes the genetic mapping, physical mapping and sequencing of entire genomes.
Structural genomics is a new and rapidly developing field in biology.
Structural genomics is only one aspect of what robots can contribute to molecular biology.
Structural geologists are in big demand.
Structural geologists study the deformations of the Earth s crust.
Structural geologists study the deformations of the Earth's crust.
Structural geology is a fascinating subject with lots of unsolved problems remaining.
Structural growth is possible using solid values.
Structural hazards can occur for the divide unit.
Structural improvements mean fewer squeaks and rattles.
Structural indices are likely to reify culture-specific educational patterns.
Structural indicators focus on organizational inputs as surrogate measures for outputs.
Structural indicators form the basis for accreditation reviews and licensing systems.
Structural induction is examined as a means of defining models of software.
Structural information comes in a series of size scales.
Structural information is collected for computer drug design.
Structural information is the first piece of data needed to understand surface phenomena.
Structural inherency is a law or treaty that prevents the plan from happening.
Structural inspection continues on the flight tower and runway facilities.
Structural inspections report on the foundation and supporting elements of a home.
Structural integrity demands that the label l belongs to an attribute of a class of x.
Structural integrity is a major factor in aircraft design and construction.
Structural integrity is a serious consideration in selection and location of equipment.
Structural integrity is always an issue in reroofing situations.
Structural integrity is another important component of passive safety.
Structural integrity is assured through the use of a die cast one-piece aluminum frame.
Structural integrity is discussed in relation to each student's project.
Structural integrity is good.
Structural integrity is maintained by needle punching, stitching or physical bonding.
Structural integrity is required for the student's tower to stand.
Structural integrity is the cornerstone of any organization.
Structural ironworkers erect the steel frames for buildings.
Structural isolation creates strategic de-coupling and simultaneity in two critical areas.
Structural isomers are isomers where the atoms are connected differently in the two molecules.
Structural isomers have the same molecular formula but different structural formula.
Structural isomers have the same molecular formula but different structural formulae.
Structural isomers vary in their covalent bonding arrangement.
Structural issues are of obvious importance.
Structural issues are only one area to focus attention.
Structural issues impact the results of rankings, as well.
Structural kinesiology is the study of the muscles as thy are involved in the science of movement.
Structural knowledge is in the middle of the equilibrium from procedural to declarative knowledge.
Structural knowledge provides the conceptual basis for why.
Structural lag is evident in both public and private employment policies.
Structural lesions involve thesupratentorial or infratentorial area.
Structural limitations prevent further additions to existing building.
Structural lines flow smoothly, without jarring the eye.
Structural linguists study the rules of language.
Structural links are a way of making explicit some connections between parts of the text.
Structural markup opens up some really nice possibilities.
Structural materials are sensitive to the rate at which loads are applied.
Structural materials comprise sand, gravel, clay, cement, and stone of various kinds.
Structural materials peer out, enshrouded in an unknown individual history.
Some structural materials serve functions.
Some structural materials serve multiple functions.
Structural measures are also expensive and can result in catastrophic losses if they fail.
A structural member is support
Structural members are construction materials.
Structural members are less likely to be changed than trim.
Structural members are part of structures.
Structural members are support.
Structural members are the supports at the top and bottom of the bridge.
Structural members have to be well- constructed.
All structural members are hot rolled steel enclosing the treated lumber.
Any structural member occupies three dimensional space.
Structural metadata describes how the item is structured.
Structural metadata is necessary.
Structural metadata refers to the tags within the document.
Structural metals lose ductility and shock resistance in extreme cold temperature environments.
Most structural metals have considerable ductility and fracture toughness.
Structural metrics deal with more static, slowly changing, properties.
Structural mobility is movements made possible by changes in the occupational structure in society.
Structural models represent the program's objects, classes and their relationships.
Structural mosaics are extremely rare.
Structural mutations alter the positions of genes on chromosomes.
Structural obstacles are currently the most important barriers to exporting or investing in Japan.
Structural oppositions can sometimes lead to oversimplification.
Structural optimization deals with computer-aided optimal design of load carrying structures.
Structural optimization deals with optimal design of load-carrying structures.
Many structural options face freeholders.
Structural organization makes for a better end result.
All structural parts are vacuum bagged in computer generated moulds.
Structural patterns are concerned with larger structures composed of smaller structures.
Structural patterns can enhance universal communication.
Structural performance are equivalent.
Structural perversions follow functional changes, except in trauma.
Some structural pests cause confusion.
Every structural piece is made to the exact specifications from the factory.
Structural plains are relatively undisturbed horizontal surfaces of the Earth.
Structural plaster is proposed for the inside finish where shown on the drawing.
Structural plasticity broadens the specificity of an engineered protease.
Structural practices involve physical changes in the shape and topography of the land.
Structural problems abound.
Structural problems apply equally to electronic music as to any other.
Structural problems are often iatrogenic and result from surgical procedures, such as conization.
Structural problems creep into large modules.
Structural problems demand structural solutions.
Structural problems persist, especially in labour markets and in social security systems.
Some structural problems cause condensation.
All structural profiles are aluminum extrusion with rounded corners.
Structural projects keep flood waters away from an area.
Structural proteins are key building blocks of all cells.
Structural proteins form the structure of the cell and the organism.
Structural proteins help to give the cell support and shape.
Structural proteins play multiple roles.
Structural proteins play roles.
Structural proteins serve to build all sorts of components inside the cell and around it.
Most structural proteins play multiple roles.
Most structural proteins play roles.
Structural questions generate the domains clients use to describe their worlds.
Structural rapport exercises teach gaining and regaining rapport in real life sales situations.
All structural records are accessible by clickable links.
Structural redundancy is a natural result of the way sound is created in human situations.
Structural reform begins at home.
Structural reform has impact.
Structural reform is required to improve investment opportunities and create jobs.
Structural reform is the only true solution to Russia's foreign indebtedness problem.
Structural reform is the order of the day.
Structural reform means converting that factor into positive expectations.
Structural reforms are also important.
Structural reforms are now underway.
Structural reforms are on way to help achieve economic recovery.
Structural reforms are painful.
Most structural reform has impact.
Structural requirements are the same as performance requirements.
Structural rhinitis is caused by structural abnormalities in the nasal septum.
Structural ribs add strength and ventilation.
Structural rigidity plays a part here, too.
Structural risks require structural security.
Structural rust can start in such locations.
Structural rust is more serious, generated from moisture from the inside out.
Structural safety is thus closely related to the practice of structural engineering.
Structural scoliosis is an irreversible lateral curvature that can only be corrected with surgery.
Structural scoliosis is characterized by a fixed curve.
Structural scoliosis is more progressive and can result in severe deformities of the spine.
Structural separation is that incentive.
Structural separation is the answer.
Structural separation is the only solution.
Structural separations can complement a scheme of robust anti-backsliding remedies.
Structural shifts are important to the economics and econometrics of our investigation.
Structural similarities can point to functional and evolutional relationships between proteins.
Structural similarity is used as a tie-breaker.
Structural sin starts here.
Structural soundness is of great economic importance.
Structural specificity is related to the anisotropic character of the inhibitory kernel.
Structural stability is always questionable following an explosion.
Structural steel is complete.
Structural steel is steel
All structural steels are essentially weldable.
Structural strength is immense.
Structural strength is rebuilt.
Structural strength provides long clear spans.
Structural support is lost by trenching too close to major roots, creating a potential hazard.
Structural surveyors comment on properties prior to sell or buy.
Structural tags relate the unit to other units.
Structural tasks range from routine to complicated.
Structural techniques minimize erosion and soil breakdown caused by wave and tidal action.
Structural testing involves a physical model of the satellite.
Structural testing is also difficult to automate due to the limits of symbolic executions.
Structural testing is often difficult to perform.
Structural theory involving s, p, and unfilled d orbitals is described.
Structural therapy aims at discovering the hierarchical organization of the family.
Structural tolerances are a different matter altogether.
Structural transformation is never easy.
Structural transformation is paralleled by modifications in course content.
Structural transformation is the most significant way of altering the conflict.
Structural traps are formed most commonly by structural uplift and differential compaction.
Structural trends are dominantly to the southwest.
Structural types includes typical and specialized structures.
Structural unemployment is due to a. technology change or foreign competition.
Structural unemployment is due to changes in the structure of the economy or demand for labor.
Structural unemployment is generally of longer duration.
Structural unemployment is high with about one in three persons officially unemployed.
Structural unemployment is zero, but frictional and cyclical unemployment are positive.
Structural unemployment occurs primarily because A. Of seasonal weather patterns or holidays, etc.
Structural unemployment occurs when A. workers have quit one job and are looking for a better one.
Structural unemployment raises some questions.
Structural unemployment represents a mismatch between supply of labor and demand for workers.
Structural units are clearly visible in the image as polygons.
Most structural uses depend on concrete strength in compression and steel in tension.
Structural variability is by definition a minimal resource in inanimate objects.
Structural variations represent adaptations of each member to a particular mode of life.
Structural violence is equally terrifying.
Structural violence is silent.
Structural violence is violence without specific intent to harm another.
Structural visualization is essential for engineering, architecture, medicine, etc.
Structural wood is maple, tonewood is spruce for nylon strings and maple for wire strings.
Structural work includes such modalities as chiropractic, massage and other forms of bodywork.
Structural work involves a combination of electron microscopy and X-ray crystallography.
Many structural workers are above middle-age.
A structuralism is science
Structuralism brakes down thought into sensations, feelings, and images.
Structuralism emphasises the idea that society is a structure.
Structuralism is a theory that attempted to identify the basic elements of mental processes.
Structuralism is about how capitalism pushes states and markets into class warfare.
Structuralism is based on the assumption that it is.
Structuralism is like physiology, and functionalism is like anatomy.
Structuralism is wonderful.
Structuralism relies on a synchronic approach.
Structuralism sets out to determine what forms are used in the work of art.
Structuralism studies the meta-constraints on the evolution of essences.
Structuralism suggests that meaning is perfectly definable.
Structuralism ties the meaning of the work to the meanings of the culture.
Structuralisms are part of anthropology.
Structuralisms are part of sociologies.
Structuralisms are theories.
Structure charts show how variables pass between modules in a computer program.
Structure compositions change over time.
Structure determination is in progress.
Structure diagrams are displayable.
Structure editors are ideal for the purpose.
Structure fires can start and consume a home in minutes.
Structure formation is one of the most fascinating things in the universe.
Some structure functions improve survival.
Structure group operates as a chain of command in the TC environment.
Structure of Earth is inferred from many sources, including seismology and gravity.
Structure plans exist in all areas and are now going through cycles of alteration and replacement.
Structure plans provide the strategic locational guidance for development.
Structure predictions show patterns.
Most structure predictions show patterns.
Structure validation is needed to do the first two topics as good as possible.
A structure is an artifact
Structure adds clarity to the round.
Structure also includes proper citations, reference sections and appendix, as required.
Structure appears as waves surge in and out of the rocks.
Structure appears in the universe.
Structure arises by plotting chaotic dots and the image appears as if by magic.
Structure becomes a loadbearing structure and roof deck.
Structure becomes message as in genetics.
Structure becomes the performers' meeting ground, the agreement with each other.
Structure borne vibrations enter through the shelf or platform upon which the component rests.
Structure brings security.
Structure builds substance.
Structure can affect attitude toward people.
Structure can be a little tangled and wood is brittle.
Structure can be a positive force.
Structure can be a primary ingredient as well.
Structure can be formal, semi-formal, or informal.
Structure can be from a piling to a sand bar to a drop off.
Structure can be good but has a key downfall and is a stumbling block to many.
Structure can be the ultimate check of a sequence annotation.
Structure can be visual, but it can also be logical and physical.
Structure can begin to determine function.
Structure can have a profound impact on a partnership s success.
Structure can help keep discussion rational rather than emotional.
Structure can often be a good method to separate the two species.
Structure Change the organizational structure to be more responsive to external social challenges.
Structure changes during development and in adult hippocampus, spinal cord, nerve-muscle.
Structure changes in the education system.
Structure chart showing all modules and their relationships.
Structure coefficients vs. standardized discriminant function coefficients.
Structure commonly is granular but is subangular blocky in some pedons.
Structure commonly is moderate or strong, fine through coarse, subangular or angular blocky.
Structure consists of small equated grains of alpha solid solution.
Structure consists of structural steel with concrete on metal deck.
Structure correlates with the sense of being grounded, stable and safe in the world.
Structure counts, mixing primary narrative with tales and digressions to amplify and reframe events.
Structure creates a commodity.
Structure creates relationship and gives meaning.
Structure cross linking - notebook .
Structure Define the term bill of material structure.
Structure depends much less on gluten development than on gelatinization of starch.
Structure Describe the proposed formal organization.
Structure describe what an event is.
Structure describes roles and relationships, responsibilities, authority, and accountability.
Structure describes the form of an object.
Structure describes the history of science as a cyclic process.
Structure determines function and vice versa.
Structure determines function in most molecules.
Structure determines function.
Structure determines the conduct, and conduct determines performance.
Structure determines the size of the organization.
Structure determines what goes in, what gets left out, what's missing, and what goes where.
Structure emerges from ideas.
Structure emerges from within.
Structure emphasizes the benefits of using a clear and logical sequence outline.
Structure evolves together with function.
Structure excludes creativity and invention.
Structure falls out of the laws governing information.
Structure flows out of the Academic Plan.
Structure follows Distribution List Nomenclature.
Structure follows processes, follows strategy.
Structure follows strategy .
Structure follows strategy in industries generally.
Structure forms first large scale objects which fragment into smaller objects.
Structure generally imposes order and predetermines internal relationships of forms in a design.
Structure Giving support to the fabric, woven be women, are the ribs or rafters.
Structure guides the listener to see how each portion of a piece relates to the whole.
Structure has a strong influence on the other properties of a polymer.
Structure has deep folds that disappear as the stomach fills.
Structure has no poles, no extremes, no ends.
Structure has peaks and spires.
Structure has policy implications.
Structure has to do with cause.
Structure has to include mentoring to keep from losing institutional memory.
Structure headings uniformly for corresponding levels of information within a hierarchy.
Structure helps students integrate material.
Structure helps to get to the heart of the matter.
Structure here is taken to be a statement about the relationship between a system'scomponents.
Structure improves machinability and even puncture-resistance, while maintaining shelf life.
Structure includes a career plan and regular reviews.
Structure includes both the organization of details and the emphasis of details.
Structure includes morphology and syntax.
Structure includes organizational charts, job descriptions, and decision-making power.
Structure includes rock rip-rap along dam, intake canal and other stretches of shoreline.
Structure includes types of knowledge, levels of difficulty.
Structure incorporates numerous architectural designs from popular antebellum handbooks.
Structure indeed does follow form and form follows structure.
Structure indicates function.
Structure inevitably raises sensitive issues of status and power.
Structure infesting ants usually indicate a moisture problem in the building.
Structure influences behavior .
Structure involves all of the relations and interrelations which bind terms into a literary unit.
Structure is a Beginning that leads to a Middle which concludes with an End.
Structure is a beginning, a middle and an end.
Structure is a complex organic acid.
Structure is a creation of history.
Structure is a literal reality but can also be understood as a visual state.
Structure is a log house.
Structure is a mens' clothing and accessory store.
Structure is a series of goals that lead to an overall goal .
Structure is a term used in describing the larger features of rocks.
Structure is a very important factor in the effectiveness of a particular mediation.
Structure is a very popular store among American high school and college students.
Structure is about control and conformity.
Structure is absolutely there.
Structure is also very important to any complex website.
Structure is an algebraic notion and has nothing to do with angles or distances.
Structure is an angled tower.
Structure is an educational term which means routine, schedules, rote activity, and such things.
Structure is an essential characteristic of curriculum.
Structure is an important and intuitive navigational mechanism.
Structure is an important consideration.
Structure is anchored securely.
Structure is angular blocky or subangular blocky.
Structure is angular or subangular blocky, or platy.
Structure is angular or subangular blocky.
Structure is another key element in locating concentrations of grass fish.
Structure is as important as composition in determining the nature of the resulting molecule.
Structure is as important in child feeding as it is in any other aspect of parenting.
Structure is based on commitment to maximum use of instructional time.
Structure is based on uniform, statewide criteria and standards.
Structure is bolt together aluminum.
Structure is broadly appropriate.
Structure is by far the most effective tool to teach beginning fiction writers.
Structure is calculated to accommodate shock loads.
Structure is chunky and solid, linear, gritty, grey, sooty, grimey.
Structure is clear, intuitive.
Structure is comfortable compliment to scene.
Structure is commonly weak or moderate, fine to coarse, granular.
Structure is confirmed by amino acid analysis and, if necessary, by mass spectrometry.
Structure is confirmed by amino acid analysis and, if necessary, mass spectrometry.
Structure is congregational.
Structure is created by the end user.
Structure is critical, understanding the architecture of film in particular.
Structure is critical.
Structure is crucial for understanding biology.
Structure is currently in place.
Structure is defined in terms of grade, class and type of aggregates.
Structure is determined by amino acid sequence.
Structure is determined globally and redundantly.
Structure is determined, essentially, by the underlying amino acid sequence.
Structure is displayed as a tree with the current item colored into red.
Structure is dynamic, and constantly changing.
Structure is effective.
Structure is entirely local.
Structure is essential to life.
Structure is essential to making the computer lab an effective teaching environment.
Structure is essentially all the features that make up the physical environment.
Structure is everything.
Structure is evident, but inconsistent.
Structure is expressed by differential erosion controlled by fractures, dykes and lithology.
Structure is extremely important.
Structure is fine or medium granular or subangular blocky and consistence is friable.
Structure is fire proof.
Structure is flexible and changes shape easily due to fluidity.
Structure is flexible, appropriate to situation, open to negotiations.
Structure is generally poor to moderate.
Structure is good.
Structure is granular or crumb and consistence is soft or slightly hard.
Structure is granular or it is structureless.
Structure is granular or platy or the horizon is massive.
Structure is granular or subangular blocky and consistence is very friable or friable.
Structure is granular or subangular blocky or the horizon is massive.
Structure is granular or subangular blocky, and consistence is very friable or friable.
Structure is granular or subangular blocky, or the material is single grain.
Structure is granular or subangular blocky.
Structure is granular or the horizon is structureless.
Structure is granular or weak subangular blocky in some pedons, but most pedons are single-grain.
Structure is granular, or the material is single grain.
Structure is granular, platy, or subangular blocky or the horizon is massive.
Structure is granular.
Structure is haphazard.
Structure is harder to see.
Structure is how things are formally and informally organized within the agency.
Structure is imperative.
Structure is important in a small business.
Structure is important in order to set boundaries that help the child focus on the task at hand.
Structure is important to an effective job search.
Structure is important.
Structure is inappropriate or missing.
Structure is inherently only local and inherently regenerative.
Structure is intact.
Structure is introduced into all tasks.
Structure is limited and walleyes are easy to locate.
Structure is made ready for panels.
Structure is massive and consistence is firm.
Structure is massive or has plate-like divisions.
Structure is massive or single grain, or has plate like divisions.
Structure is massive.
Structure is medium to coarse subangular blocky.
Structure is moderate medium or coarse subangular blocky.
Structure is moderate medium subangular blocky.
Structure is moderate or strong, fine or medium subangular blocky.
Structure is moderate or strong, fine to coarse granular.
Structure is moderate or strong, medium or coarse blocky.
Structure is moderate or weak subangular blocky.
Structure is moderate thick platy to weak coarse subangular blocky.
Structure is moderate to strong, coarse or very coarse prismatic with firm or very firm consistence.
Structure is more important than appearance.
Structure is more of a concern than appearance.
Structure is more than the skeletal design of the script.
Structure is mostly moderate, but is weak or strong in subhorizons of many pedons.
Structure is necessary to counteract lack of confidence or motivation.
Structure is needed for user to feel more comfortable with one's site.
Structure is often weak granular or subangular blocky, but some pedons have single grain.
Structure is often weak granular or subangular blocky.
Structure is original of Japan.
Structure is part of info collected.
Structure is permitted.
Structure is platy or it is massive.
Structure is platy, prismatic or blocky, and consistence is brittle and firm or very firm.
Structure is posted here .
Structure is provided by stable patterns of cycling motion.
Structure is pure craft.
Structure is random.
Structure is readily visible because of variable tarnish on surface.
Structure is related to function at all biological levels of organization.
Structure is related to function at the cellular and organelle levels of biological organization.
Structure is related to function with histology, dissection, models, and charts.
Structure is relationship.
Structure is reminiscent of daytime cirrostratus formation.
Structure is reviewed as necessary.
Structure is reviews along with various levels of interfacing and involvement.
Structure is sacrificed for simplicity as well.
Structure is set back from property line.
Structure is simply a field.
Structure is simply the entities of the graph, such as nodes and edges.
Structure is simply the shape or bottom make-up of lakes, rivers and reservoirs.
Structure is single grain or massive and consistence is friable, very friable or loose.
Structure is statement.
Structure is subangular blocky or angular blocky.
Structure is subangular blocky or granular.
Structure is subangular blocky or platy and consistence is friable or firm.
Structure is subangular blocky or platy, and consistence is friable or very friable.
Structure is subangular blocky or platy.
Structure is subangular blocky or prismatic.
Structure is subangular blocky, angular blocky, or prismatic parting to blocky.
Structure is subangular blocky, platy, or granular.
Structure is subangular blocky, prismatic or granular.
Structure is subangular blocky.
Structure is subangular or angular blocky with patchy clay skins on faces of peds.
Structure is submerged and the goal of communicating an idea becomes paramount.
Structure is superfluous.
Structure is the ability to bear load without collapsing.
Structure is the arrangement of a concrete system's parts at a moment in three-dimensional space.
Structure is the basis of science and art.
Structure is the blueprint of a document.
Structure is the context in which the actors in the market make their decisions.
Structure is the criterion based upon the anatomy of the composition.
Structure is the death of creativity.
Structure is the design of the org.
Structure is the differentiation and integration of organized activities.
Structure is the essential link between the two.
Structure is the first consideration of furniture design.
Structure is the format of the record.
Structure is the framework for learning.
Structure is the key element of an outstanding casenote.
Structure is the key to function .
Structure is the key.
Structure is the load bearing elements, such as the foundation and skeleton.
Structure is the most important observation to note from lightning effects of thunderstorms.
Structure is the pattern of organization that relates the parts to the whole.
Structure is the results developed through previous practices.
Structure is the road a reader takes through the dramatic terrain of the program.
Structure is the set of visual rules applied to a piece to give it harmony.
Structure is the shape and contour of the bottom.
Structure is the ultimate technical manual for meta-model patterns.
Structure is the underlying discipline for such arrangements.
Structure is ubiquitous and fundamental.
Structure is used to classify plants, animals, rocks, stars, and other things.
Structure is used to effectively build up a more persuasive argument.
Structure is used to present the information so that it is more accessible to the reader.
Structure is usually subangular blocky or blocky.
Structure is utterly chaotic, or is lifted from another source.
Structure is very coarse prismatic or the horizon is massive.
Structure is very coarse prismatic parting to platy or subangular blocky.
Structure is very different in other countries.
Structure is very fine or fine granular.
Structure is very important.
Structure is very weak or weak granular.
Structure is very weak or weak, fine or medium granular.
Structure is very weak or weak, very fine to coarse, granular, or is single grain.
Structure is very weak through moderate, fine or medium granular.
Structure is very weak to moderate subangular blocky or granular, or it is massive.
Structure is very weak to moderate, fine or medium, granular.
Structure is very weak, weak or moderate granular or subangular blocky or the horizon is massive.
Structure is very weak, weak or moderate granular or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak except for the A horizon which has a stronger grade.
Structure is weak fine granular or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak fine granular or weak or moderate fine or medium subangular blocky.
Structure is weak fine granular to moderate coarse subangular blocky.
Structure is weak fine or medium granular or subangular blocky, or the horizon is single grain.
Structure is weak fine or medium granular or the horizon is single grain.
Structure is weak fine or medium subangular blocky or granular.
Structure is weak fine or medium subangular blocky, coarse or very coarse prismatic or platy.
Structure is weak fine or medium subangular blocky.
Structure is weak granular or subangular blocky and consistence is friable or very friable.
Structure is weak granular or subangular blocky, or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak granular or subangular blocky, or the horizon is single-grain or massive.
Structure is weak granular or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak granular or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak granular or the horizon is structureless.
Structure is weak granular or weak subangular blocky, or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak granular, subangular blocky, or platy, and consistence is very friable or friable.
Structure is weak medium, weak fine subangular blocky, or moderate medium granular.
Structure is weak or moderate fine granular and consistence is friable or very friable.
Structure is weak or moderate fine granular.
Structure is weak or moderate fine or medium granular or it is single-grain.
Structure is weak or moderate fine or medium granular.
Structure is weak or moderate fine or medium subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate fine through coarse subangular blocky or angular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate granular and consistence is friable or very friable.
Structure is weak or moderate granular or fine subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate granular or subanglar blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate granular or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate granular or weak subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate granular, blocky, or platy.
Structure is weak or moderate granular, or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate granular.
Structure is weak or moderate medium or fine subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate platy, or it is massive.
Structure is weak or moderate platy, or it is single grain or massive.
Structure is weak or moderate subangular blocky or blocky, often arranged in prisms.
Structure is weak or moderate subangular blocky or prismatic or it is massive.
Structure is weak or moderate subangular blocky, and is friable or very friable.
Structure is weak or moderate subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate very fine to coarse granular.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine and medium granular.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine and medium subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine or medium blocky or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine or medium granular and consistence is very friable or friable.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine or medium granular, or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine or medium granular.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine or medium subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine or medium, granular or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine or medium, subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine or medium, subangular or angular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine through coarse granular or fine subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine through coarse subangular blocky or blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine to coarse granular.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine to coarse, granular.
Structure is weak or moderate, fine to coarse, subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, medium or coarse granular.
Structure is weak or moderate, medium or coarse, angular or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, medium or fine granular or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, medium or fine subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, medium subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, thin or medium platy.
Structure is weak or moderate, thin through thick platy, or it is massive.
Structure is weak or moderate, thin to thick platy or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak or moderate, thin to thick platy, or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak or moderate, thin to thick platy.
Structure is weak or moderate, very fine through coarse subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, very fine to coarse, subangular blocky or prismatic.
Structure is weak or moderate, very fine to medium granular or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, very fine to medium subangular blocky or granular.
Structure is weak or moderate, very fine to medium, granular or angular blocky.
Structure is weak or moderate, very fine to medium, granular.
Structure is weak or moderate, very fine to very coarse, granular.
Structure is weak or very weak subangular blocky or the material is massive.
Structure is weak platy, granular, or subangular blocky, or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak prismatic or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak prismatic, platy or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak subangular blocky or granular but includes platy in the lower part.
Structure is weak subangular blocky or is single grained.
Structure is weak subangular blocky or it is single grain.
Structure is weak subangular blocky or the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak subangular blocky or the lower part of the horizon is massive.
Structure is weak subangular blocky.
Structure is weak thick platy or moderate to strong, fine to coarse granular.
Structure is weak to moderate, fine or coarse subangular blocky.
Structure is weak to moderate, fine or medium subangular blocky.
Structure is weak to moderate, fine to medium, subangular blocky or granular.
Structure is weak to moderate, granular to subangular blocky, in fine to medium sizes.
Structure is weak to strong, fine or medium granular.
Structure is weak to strong, thin to thick, platy or is massive.
Structure is weak to strong, very fine to medium granular.
Structure is weak very coarse prismatic parting to weak medium or thick platy.
Structure is weak very fine or fine granular.
Structure is weak very fine to medium granular.
Structure is weak, coarse or very coarse, granular, platy, or subangular blocky.
Structure is weak, fine or medium subangular blocky.
Structure is weak, fine to coarse, subangular blocky or platy.
Structure is weak, fine to coarse, subangular blocky.
Structure is weak, fine, or medium granular.
Structure is weak, very fine to coarse, subangular blocky, granular or platy.
Structure is weak, very fine to medium granular or subangular blocky, or is single grain.
Structure is weak, very fine to medium granular, or is single grain.
Structure is well-defined, with segments clearly divided by acts or scenes.
Structure is wood stud bearing walls, wood floor joists and wood roof trusses.
Structure is world's largest without interior support.
Structure is yet to be decided, depending on who gets involved and what they want to do.
Structure is, therefore, a real and essential element in many or most complex objects.
Structure isa artifact.
Structure Keep the letter short.
Structure Keep the structure consistent, simple and interesting.
Structure lets everyone know what to expect and when to expect it.
Structure locks the mind into a limited way of thinking which inhibits the free flow of new ideas.
Structure makes space.
Structure means any building or Improvement of any kind.
Structure means body parts.
Structure means never having to sign another lease.
Structure means the shape and arrangement of soil particles into cluster or aggregates.
Structure means the shape and arrangement of soil particles into clusters or aggregates.
Structure Moves the Audience.
Structure needs to be weatherproof with all-exterior doors, windows and separation walls completed.
Structure needs to follow purpose, and there is no perfect structure.
Structure Never buy a bull on numbers alone.
Structure notes into main headings and sub-headings.
Structure offers guidance on the anatomy of essays, from thesis statement to conclusion.
Structure peer reviews to encourage skill transfer while improving software maintainability.
Structure plays a secondary role.
Structure plays an important role in the development of children's eating behavior.
Structure produces behavior.
Structure prose like normal prose and poetry like poetry.
Structure provides a sense of being supported by a caring family.
Structure provides additional focus and support.
Structure provides direction, limits, safety, security and understanding.
Structure provides every student with a consistent format into which to insert numerous activities.
Structure provides order, sometimes making life easier.
Structure provides protection from predators, bright sunlight, and higher water temperatures.
Structure provides security and enhances self-confidence.
Structure Provides students with a comprehensive review of complex sentence structure.
Structure Provides students with a review of basic sentence patterns and verb tenses.
Structure provides the basis for feedback and as such the path of least resistance.
Structure puts cubane in slanted box.
Structure ranges from moderate or strong, very fine to medium granular.
Structure ranges from moderate to strong, fine to medium subangular blocky, blocky or prismatic.
Structure ranges from weak granular to weak blocky.
Structure ranges from weak platy to strong angular blocky.
Structure ranges from weak to moderate granular.
Structure ranges from weak to moderate, fine to medium granular.
Structure refers specifically to the relative arrangements of the atoms in space.
Structure refers to how the instructional program is designed.
Structure refers to how what happens happens.
Structure refers to the arrangement of soil particles into aggregates.
Structure refers to the arrangement of soil particles or aggregates.
Structure refers to the clumping together of soil particles.
Structure refers to the institutional form of the mediation mechanism.
Structure refers to the massing of individual soil particles into larger aggregates.
Structure refers to the overall pattern formed by the plot.
Structure refers to the plans and processes through which action is accomplished.
Structure refers to the shapes of the peds, such as blocky or granular, or angular or rounded.
Structure refers to the way the biomass is arranged into vertical and horizontal layers.
Structure refers to the way the speaker achieves unity by focusing and ordering the information.
Structure related to the inner rings is also visible.
Structure reports .
Structure say the element is a social security number.
Structure says that an element is a paragraph.
Structure says the element is a book title.
Structure Searching With chemical structure searching, answers retrieved are accurate.
Structure seems to put a box around a poem and tie it down.
Structure seems to refer to headers, paragraphs, etc. rather than among the cells of a table.
Structure simply dissolves along with the harmony which the maje seeks.
Structure supports efficient decision making algorithms.
Structure supports loads many times the lifting capacity.
Structure Take advantage of narrative opportunities.
Structure Tell a story.
Structure tells people what they are supposed to be good at.
Structure template or inline tag display modes.
Structure Use logical divisions consistently.
Structure varies greatly in a piece of public writing.
Structure View Back by popular demand is a structure view of the document being edited.
Structure walks bilaterally.
Structure work at several locations.
Structure work so that learning can occur simultaneously.
Structures absorb energy.
Structures administratives pour la coop ration internationale dans les universit s canadiennes.
Structures affect conductivity.
Structures affect growth.
Structures affect herbage growth.
Structures also affect watersheds, air quality, and community transportation patterns.
Structures also affect watersheds, habitat, air quality, and community transportation patterns.
Structures analisys and more.
Structures ans unions Structures and unions have to be defined in the declare section.
Structures appear which facilitate adaptation, whether by creation or evolutionary process or both.
Structures are a combination of kits, kit-bashes and scratchbuilt.
Structures are a way of storing many different variables of different types under the same name.
Structures are artifacts.
Structures are at risk of being buried, carried away, or collapsing.
Structures are body parts.
Structures are both the medium and the outcome of social action.
Structures are built by engineers.
Structures are cognition.
Structures are color coded and shown by bars whose lengths are proportional to size.
Structures are constitutions.
Structures are durable and long-lived.
Structures are dynamic and change upon change of condition.
Structures are especially important where water drops from one level to another.
Structures are especially important where water falls from one level to another.
Structures are especially important where when water falls from one level to another.
Structures are event constellations.
Structures are formed by atoms.
Structures are generated for a given chunk after the terrain has been formed.
Structures are high and have thick mud or clay walls and flat roofs.
Structures are ideal for parks, golf courses, recreation centers, rest areas, and private homes.
Structures are ideal for parks, golf courses, rest areas, recreation centers and private homes.
Structures are identified on every section image.
Structures are important.
Structures are in a state of advancing decay.
Structures are just as impressive as ground and sky textures.
Structures are last resort.
Structures are less abstract and more general than traditional records.
Structures are lightweight and easy to handle.
Structures are lists whose at least one field has a name.
Structures are located in classes.
Structures are made of materials.
Structures are made of wood.
Structures are manholes, catch basins, junction boxes, etc.
Structures are more than frames of wood or brick.
Structures are much harder to learn than products.
Structures are necessary if they are absolutely required for the activity.
Structures are of normal symmetry, density, size, shape, and position.
Structures are of thatch and mortar.
Structures are one way to represent compound information, and lists are another.
Structures are paradoxical when they refer, directly or indirectly, to themselves.
Structures are prone to snagging tackle.
Structures are searchable and displayable.
Structures are shipped with rubber gaskets to insure a watertight connection.
Structures are simple.
Structures are simply objects within multiple components that are built in procedures.
Structures are simply to shelter men, animals, machinery and supplies.
Structures are sometimes combined with submerged trees.
Structures are sophisticated and usually highly complex.
Structures are special kinds of lists where elements have tags.
Structures are systems.
Structures are the foundation to building.
Structures are the inputs that make care possible.
Structures are the means of specifying facts in Prolog.
Structures are the weapons of the mathematician.
Structures are usually large and cover the majority of the parcel.
Structures are usually visible on a geologic scale, whereas textures are on a hand specimen scale.
Structures are, however, stored in most systems more compactly in memory.
Structures arising in the same manner in the embryo are held to be homologous.
Structures attract insects.
Structures break off and can form another lichen.
Structures breakup as soon as they form.
Structures can also be artistic, decorative or symbolic.
Structures can encourage or discourage compliance.
Structures can exist on and among the elements.
Structures can help direct resources more efficiently, but only if there are resources to direct.
Structures can only enable and express love.
Structures can provide useful clues regarding how to design compound libraries for screening.
Structures can suffer devastating damage when they're hit by both sets of waves.
Structures can turn into strictures.
Structures can very quickly and easily become complicated, obscure and self-referential.
Structures change over time.
Structures change, and find whatever use an entity can manage.
Structures collapse causing injuries and deaths.
Structures come and structures go.
Structures come in contact.
Structures come in various flavours.
Structures comprise the all important balance between strength, light weight and rigidity.
Structures concentrates on the effects of loads on bodies and vibrations.
Structures Conduct a risk assessment to determine potential hazards.
Structures conduct electricity.
Structures consisting of three solid walls and a roof are usually adequate.
Structures contain atoms.
Structures contain different kinds of data organized by named fields.
Structures contain hereditary materials.
Structures contain impurity atoms.
Structures contain materials.
Structures contain one or more variables.
Structures containing fat appear bright.
Structures containing gas and bone are very difficult to evaluate with ultrasound.
Structures contribute to stability.
Structures damaged by the storm are particularly attractive and provide easy access to rodents.
Structures degrade habitat and often worsen erosion.
Structures differ drastically in terms of their designability.
Structures differ only in arrangement of electrons.
Structures ensure that stewards outnumber branch officers.
Structures evolve to increase the interaction energy with the receptor or the CoMFA model.
Structures exist that lend themselves to educating, mobilizing and organizing.
Structures exist wherever there is space, with no thought of access for vehicles or even a breeze.
Structures Explains what simple and complex structures are.
Structures externes du larynx.
Structures facilitate absorption.
Structures facilitate identification.
Structures guide toward quality without restricting or limiting creativity and originality.
Structures have (part) bases.
Structures have (part) sections.
Structures have a euclidean geometry.
Structures have a positive or negative effect on an areas desirability.
Structures have angles.
Structures have applications.
Structures have biomedical applications.
Structures have bonds.
Structures have broad applications.
Structures have cell walls.
Structures have certain characteristics.
Structures have certain typical characteristics.
Structures have characteristics.
Structures have chemical bonds.
Structures have different functions.
Structures have features.
Structures have functions.
Structures have mechanical properties.
Structures have own special functions.
Structures have particular frequencies at which they resonate.
Structures have particular functions.
Structures have patterns.
Structures have properties.
Structures have resistance.
Structures have sensory functions.
Structures have similar functions.
Structures have similarities and differences.
Structures have superior mechanical properties.
Structures have thick cell walls.
Structures have thick walls.
Structures have typical characteristics.
Structures have useful features.
Structures have walls.
Structures Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Structures help to define the garden space.
Structures hold structures and arrays.
Structures hold water.
Structures Identify common organizational structures.
Structures illustrate characteristics.
Structures implicated in spasticity are the same structures essential for motor control.
Structures imply formal organizations, including shared commitments to a common defense plan.
Structures inclu de rules, scripts, frames, endorsements, and semantic networks.
Structures indicate that the share of asthenospheric effects has been very important.
Structures indicating random yield problems have losses approximately proportional to the area.
Structures instead greeds or meshes.
Structures internes de l' il.
Structures is a string of one character secondary structure letters.
Structures is an aspiration towards new beginnings.
Structures is another area.
Structures is filled with information about current projects, trends, and advice.
Structures located on ridge tops or in ravines can be in the direct path of a fire.
Structures made of calcium, including skeletons, are vulnerable to dissolution at lower pHs.
Structures meet requirements.
Structures package .
Structures Perform damage assessment using qualified personnel.
Structures perform functions.
Structures perform important functions.
Structures perform same functions.
Structures perform similar functions.
Structures play a major role in forming hydrocarbon traps.
Structures playground equipment.
Structures precede stories.
Structures primarily fail because of fatigue damage.
Structures provide evidence.
Structures provide habitats.
Structures provide ideal habitats.
Structures provide indirect evidence.
Structures provide information.
Structures provide nest habitats.
Structures provide protection.
Structures provide quality habitats.
Structures provide shelter.
Structures provide the highest after-tax return with low risk in today s interest rate climate .
Structures ranges from weak coarse angular blocky to strong very coarse prismatic structure.
Structures reduce gully erosion by controlling water flow within a drainage area.
Structures related to previous orogenic events can control basin geometry and infill.
Structures remain threatened on the north and east end of the fire.
Structures represent the atomic propositions of predicate calculus.
Structures resemble stable discrete fragments of metal oxides.
Structures serve different functions.
Structures serve functions.
Structures serve purposes.
Structures serve same purposes.
Structures serve same ultimate purposes.
Structures serve similar functions.
Structures serve specific functions.
Structures serve the purpose.
Structures serve ultimate purposes.
Structures serve various functions.
Structures show considerable variation.
Structures show different growth patterns.
Structures show different patterns.
Structures show evidence.
Structures show growth patterns.
Structures show little evidence.
Structures show patterns.
Structures show variation.
Structures shown are eardrum, malleus, incus, stapes, posterior incudal ligament, tensor tympani.
Structures sit on tops.
Structures stack inside each other for reduced storage space.
Structures strongly control the alignment of the main valleys.
Structures support features.
Structures support respiration.
Structures thus exhibit some of the properties of procedures in programming languages.
Structures typically have low resonant frequencies.
Structures vary from small scale family run farms to large corporate enterprises.
Structure often replaces spontaneity.
Structures often frame the world into permutations of oppressor and oppressed statuses.
Structures sometimes appear out of thin air.
Structures usually don t fall under the auspices of their responsibility.
Structures usually involve a series of steps, with proscribed behavior at each step.
All structure is the result of growth.
All structures appear to serve several purposes.
All structures are accessible to the handicapped.
All structures are behind fenced private propert but all are near the roadside for good photos.
All structures are different, and exclusion methods vary with the structure.
All structures are mechanically stable with all bonds saturated.
All structures are multi-disciplinary.
All structures are subject to cyclic movements during the year.
All structures are subject to environmental loads that are dynamic.
All structures are the property of Earth Abides.
All structures can carry logos or other signage if required.
All structures deteriorate over time and become vulnerable to breakage.
All structures have a positive charge.
All structures have gaps or weak spots such as doors and windows.
All structures have octets and all structures have formal charge.
All structures indicate by biofeed-back their interconnectivity in networks.
All structures likewise tend to break down and become rubble.
All structures require zoning inspections.
Any structure can be well or badly used.
Any structure has the capacity to burn.
Any structure jump out as more productive.
Any structure needs a good foundation, and embedded applications are no different.
Any structure rapidly fades into a diffuse beam of light that splits in two parallel beams.
Any structures underlying the skin are visible.
Every structure has a thirty-year life cycle.
Every structure is cleaned annually, with problem areas checked more frequently.
Every structure is cleaned several times a year, with problem areas checked more frequently.
Every structure is measured.
Every structure is unique.
Many structures are a little bit wrong here and there.
Many structures are refreshingly well-preserved, while others bear witness to the neglect of time.
Many structures are still in use and can be seen by visitors.
Many structures develop in the fetus in the first few months of gestation .
Many structures develop in the first few months of gestation .
Many structures emerge during development close to each other in a precise arrangement.
Many structures involve both a trust and a company.
Many structures involved in health and diseases of the craniofacial region are bone and cartilage.
Many structures remain, including the only fieldstone train depot left in the Midwest.
Many structures require another structure to be built or upgraded before they can be built.
Many structures still stand as a testament to the people who helped create the town of Red River.
More structure can be nice occasionally.
More structure eases the writing, editing, and reading of an original-research paper.
More structure increases distance, and more dialogue decreases distance.
More structure means more to maintain.
More structures means more niches available for wildlife.
Most structure is limited to rock outcrops in the lower reservoir.
Most structure only changes through different bindings between nodes.
Most structures absorb energy.
Most structures affect conductivity.
Most structures affect growth.
Most structures affect herbage growth.
Most structures are built by engineers.
Most structures are flat-roofed.
Most structures are formed by atoms.
Most structures are made of materials.
Most structures are made of wood.
Most structures are on shallow foundations.
Most structures are on stilts above the surface.
Most structures are stucco, and are meant to imitate the adobe walls of the Indian pueblo.
Most structures attract insects.
Most structures butt an edge of one piece to the back of an adjoining wall.
Most structures can stand to have a floor joist missing for a day.
Most structures change over time.
Most structures come in contact.
Most structures conduct electricity.
Most structures contain atoms.
Most structures contain hereditary materials.
Most structures contain impurity atoms.
Most structures contain materials.
Most structures contribute to stability.
Most structures facilitate absorption.
Most structures facilitate identification.
Most structures have angles.
Most structures have applications.
Most structures have biomedical applications.
Most structures have bonds.
Most structures have broad applications.
Most structures have cell walls.
Most structures have certain characteristics.
Most structures have certain typical characteristics.
Most structures have characteristics.
Most structures have chemical bonds.
Most structures have different functions.
Most structures have functions.
Most structures have mechanical properties.
Most structures have particular functions.
Most structures have patterns.
Most structures have properties.
Most structures have resistance.
Most structures have sensory functions.
Most structures have similar functions.
Most structures have superior mechanical properties.
Most structures have thick cell walls.
Most structures have thick walls.
Most structures have typical characteristics.
Most structures have useful features.
Most structures have walls.
Most structures hold water.
Most structures illustrate characteristics.
Most structures meet requirements.
Most structures perform functions.
Most structures perform important functions.
Most structures perform same functions.
Most structures perform similar functions.
Most structures provide evidence.
Most structures provide habitats.
Most structures provide ideal habitats.
Most structures provide indirect evidence.
Most structures provide information.
Most structures provide nest habitats.
Most structures provide protection.
Most structures provide quality habitats.
Most structures provide shelter.
Most structures serve different functions.
Most structures serve functions.
Most structures serve purposes.
Most structures serve same purposes.
Most structures serve same ultimate purposes.
Most structures serve similar functions.
Most structures serve specific functions.
Most structures serve ultimate purposes.
Most structures serve various functions.
Most structures show considerable variation.
Most structures show different growth patterns.
Most structures show different patterns.
Most structures show evidence.
Most structures show growth patterns.
Most structures show little evidence.
Most structures show patterns.
Most structures show variation.
Most structures sit on tops.
Some structure builds credibility.
Some structure however is necessary.
Some structure is needed to help students.
Some structure is needed to identify what can be learned from the experience.
Some structure is needed, but in our experience minimal is better.
Some structures absorb nutrients.
Some structures affect dispersals.
Some structures affect physical properties.
Some structures affect properties.
Some structures aid in dispersals.
Some structures aid in identification.
Some structures allow conditions.
Some structures are better than others for specific types of tasks and users.
Some structures are beyond repair.
Some structures are colorful, whimsical, and humorous to look at.
Some structures are formed by meiosis.
Some structures are inherently more or less at risk of being struck by lightning.
Some structures are made of chitin.
Some structures are still relevant.
Some structures attract birds.
Some structures can be noisy in the wind.
Some structures can provide places for hanging baskets as well.
Some structures carry charge.
Some structures carry electron charge.
Some structures carry negative charge.
Some structures carry negative electron charge.
Some structures come from birds.
Some structures conduct heat.
Some structures confer meaning on other structures, but only by structural convention.
Some structures connect backs.
Some structures connect shells.
Some structures consist of honeycombs.
Some structures consist of layers.
Some structures consist of outer layers.
Some structures consist of polysaccharides.
Some structures consist of roofs.
Some structures consist of shrub layers.
Some structures contain both covalent and ionic bonds.
Some structures contain carbohydrates.
Some structures contain carbon.
Some structures contain chlorophyll.
Some structures contain crystal.
Some structures contain food.
Some structures contain fungal spores.
Some structures contain lipids.
Some structures contain microscopic crystal.
Some structures contain myofibril.
Some structures contain numerous spores.
Some structures contain pigment.
Some structures contain pollen.
Some structures contain proteins.
Some structures contain quaternary carbon.
Some structures contain spores.
Some structures contain water.
Some structures control growth.
Some structures cover cell surfaces.
Some structures cover surfaces.
Some structures develop into fruit.
Some structures develop into mature fruit.
Some structures display boards.
Some structures facilitate dispersals.
Some structures facilitate navigation.
Some structures fill with ink.
Some structures fill with rainwater.
Some structures have advantage.
Some structures have components.
Some structures have different refractive indexes.
Some structures have holes.
Some structures have impact.
Some structures have indexes.
Some structures have refractive indexes.
Some structures have to be positioned by hand.
Some structures help areas.
Some structures help high surface areas.
Some structures help surface areas.
Some structures hold loose sand.
Some structures hold sand.
Some structures involve in photosynthesis.
Some structures involve in reproduction.
Some structures involve in sexual reproduction.
Some structures involve in vegetative reproduction.
Some structures look like cones.
Some structures look like grapes.
Some structures look like petals.
Some structures look like tiny umbrellas.
Some structures look like umbrellas.
Some structures perform tasks.
Some structures prevent growth.
Some structures produce haploid spores.
Some structures produce spores.
Some structures promote growth.
Some structures protect embryos.
Some structures protect seeds.
Some structures provide a better fit with the data than others.
Some structures provide insight.
Some structures provide warmth.
Some structures radiate light.
Some structures reflect light.
Some structures reflect sunlight.
Some structures remain standing.
Some structures remove waste.
Some structures require actions.
Some structures require more stringent review.
Some structures require own actions.
Some structures resist forces.
Some structures serve as dens.
Some structures serve as natal dens.
Some structures show great individual variability.
Some structures show great variability.
Some structures show individual variability.
Some structures show performance.
Some structures show remarkable similarity.
Some structures show similarity.
Some structures show variability.
Some structures stain bright red.
Some structures suffer damage.
Some structures take in nutrients or control cell activities.
Some structures use for defense.
Structured abstracts are optional.
Structured abstracts are preferred.
Structured activities help introduce children to new ideas.
Structured activities provide real-world experiences.
Structured analysis is a process-oriented approach.
Structured analysis uses business events to decompose the system into processes.
Structured assignments can help to reinforce and monitor students' skills and awareness.
Structured assignments can help to reinforce and monitor their skills and awareness.
Structured background is available as part of the graphic features.
Structured code walk through a plus.
Structured communication is needed among the three members of the triad.
Structured component Decide on a strategy for structured language learning.
Structured concentrates are usually more compact and take longer to hydrate than do textured flours.
Structured data express image attributes through words.
Structured data introduces a lot of tags, which can overwhelm the actual data content.
Structured decisions are repetitive and routine with standard procedures for solutions.
Structured design is emphasized.
Structured documents are documents written according to a predictable set of rules.
Structured documents begin to enable the use of an information prosthetic.
Structured electives can lead to a double major or stronger emphasis in a particular field.
Structured environment focuses on content.
Structured environment promotes strong community and academic responsibility.
Structured environments work best.
Structured events consist of a header and a body.
Structured family leave programs are useful for retaining both men and women who desire families.
Structured finance continues to be an emerging and potentially high-growth business for the company.
Structured finance is used both at home and abroad and is applied to diverse sectors of the economy.
Structured financing concerning infrastructure projects is extremely complex.
Structured fluids are solutions composed of microstructures dispersed in a solvent.
Structured information contains both content and some indication of what role that content plays.
Structured information includes data such as inventory, orders and sales.
Structured information is comprised of numbers, words and graphics.
Structured information permits data to be readily read, exchanged, and acted upon by Web agents.
Structured inquiry is an ancient meditation form.
More structured interaction needs to take place among students.
Structured interviews are just a series of questions and answers.
Structured interviews are one of the better ways the traditional interview can be replaced.
Structured interviews are rather like tests, with similar strengths and weaknesses.
Structured interviews are rigidly standardized and formal.
Structured interviews are typical for government jobs.
Structured interviews use a series of predetermined questions.
Structured interviews work well when the assessment goals are clear.
Many structured introverts are heavily into doing for others.
Structured labs are six to nine hours per week.
Structured labels allow data examples to have unobserved degrees of freedom or invariants.
Structured layout is now the normal case.
Structured layout is used always and all statement numbers have been removed.
Structured leases can allow upgrade and trade-up options to all of our customers.
Structured light produces a line or point used to establish presence, orientation, and contour.
Structured lighting is defined as the projection of a line or grid pattern of light onto an object.
Structured markup is easier to maintain.
Structured messages are more likely to be implemented at an abstract level in a virtual machine.
Structured messages are the key to straight through processing.
Structured metadata is by nature extensible.
Any structured method helps to relieve the unpleasantness of an evaluation's downside.
Structured methodology is stressed throughout the course.
Structured notes are attractive investments for banks for several reasons.
Structured notes are intermediate term debt securities.
Most structured objects are Web pages.
Structured parking is a better use of valuable land then surface parking lots.
Structured parking is incorporated in garages or the office buildings.
Structured participation refers to a student's performance in set tasks allocated on a weekly basis.
Structured planning is an effective internal control system.
Structured play teaches children developmental skills they missed.
Structured pricing ensures a solution that meets performance and budgetary criteria.
Structured programs address individual attention spans and tolerance levels.
Structured programs have small tree-width and good register allocation .
Structured programs teach resume writing, interview skills, and job search techniques.
All structured programs have small tree-width and good register allocation.
Structured programmes qualify for Corporate membership of engineering institutions.
Structured programmers do it repeatedly or else.
Structured programming is a set of heuristics for producing high quality code.
Structured programming is emphasized.
Structured programming is rule driven and relies on top-down planning.
Structured programming is stressed.
Structured programming occurs seven days a week with group and family therapies.
Structured programming provides the tools for solving problems in practical computer applications.
Structured programming separates the data and procedures.
Structured queries allow the user to access and print a variety of summary reports.
Structured queries are very useful for refining searches.
Structured questions give the subject choices from which an answer is selected.
Structured reports are clinically useful for decision support and outcomes research.
Structured repositories are databases, expert systems and the like.
Structured retreats are available as well as unstructured, self directed retreats.
Structured routine is important for children with attention problems.
Structured searches look only at specific parts of a document to see if it qualifies as a hit.
Structured seminar focuses on synthesis of ideas and portfolio preparation.
Structured settlements are an effective alternative to lump sum cash settlements.
Structured settlements are an exciting way to resolve personal injury claims and lawsuits.
Structured settlements are awards to individuals resulting from personal injury lawsuits.
Structured settlements can eliminate the risk of changes in investments or interest rates.
Structured settlements differ from lump sum settlements in several important ways.
Structured settlements protect injured people from outside influences and from themselves.
Structured solids are general Boolean combinations of half-spaces.
Structured teaching is an approach in instructing children with autism.
Structured time includes activities that are done as a group.
Structured training includes courses, conferences or learning days.
Structured training is provided to cover all aspects of the hospital services.
Structured video allows different objects in the video display to have independent update rates.
Structured wire is the basic investment on which all other network equipment depends.
Structured wiring allows for Internet solutions to be deployed anywhere within the home.
Structured wiring can transmit more information, faster.
Structured wiring gives the ability to split that signal.
Structured wiring is a new technology created for the home automation and home networking markets.
Structured wiring is a rationalised type of data wiring, usable for many different purposes.
Structured wiring is more advanced wiring.
Structured wiring is the foundation of home automation.
Structured wiring offers significant advantages over unstructured wiring.
Structured wiring plays a part, but there is much more.
Structured workshops are more educational and involve less personal disclosure.
Strucutural links are good because they help users figure out where they are and how to go 'up'.
Strudel is pastry
Strudels are sort of a renegade in the pastry world.
Strudilite workstations are available in both technical and sit-down heights.
A struggle is effort
Struggle exist from few pot so buy peta wilson.
Struggle occurs on many levels, all of which are important in the overall battle.
Struggle settle except an butcher before suggest tamping bars.
Struggles are a part of success.
Struggles are as strenuous as a fish that swims upstream.
Struggles are attempts.
Struggles are effort.
Struggles are lessons for greatness.
Struggles are part of their traditions.
Struggles begin Determining the new selection process already has proved contentious.
Struggles can produce progress, but work almost always remains to be done.
Struggles emerge with meager spacing.
Struggles keep breaking out over trade barriers and currency flows, etc.
Struggles lead to disorder, disorder to exhaustion.
Struggles now provide dividends later.
Struggles remain for the black-footed ferret.
Struggle always seems to pit pragmatists with answers against activists with hopes.
Any struggle is a lonely one when a warrior burns all the bridges.
Every struggle is a blessing and it is important to know that.
Every struggle is a victory.
Some struggle is inevitable, even for good fishermen.
Some struggles last indefinitely because of inborn differences between human beings.
A struggler is a person
Strugglers are cautious consumers.
Strugglers have trouble keeping their heads above rough financial waters.
A strut is a gait
Strut is a catchy, bass driven pop song.
Struts are braces.
Struts are gaits.
Struts are like a regular shock absorber and spring combined.
Struts are simply shock absorbers used as major structural members.
Struts are structural members.
Struts are useful for lots of things.
Struts can then push off of guardrails, other cars, concrete center dividers, etc.
Struts come in three lengths.
Struvite crystals are the most common type in urine from dogs and cats.
Struvite stones make up about twelve percent of all kidney stones.
Struvite stones occur in conjunction with bacterial infection of the bladder.
Struvite uroliths tend to occur in alkaline urine.
Strychnine alkaloid is a very fast-acting, effective agent, but can only be used underground.
Strychnine poisoning is characterized by violent convulsions.
A strychnine is an alkaloid
Strychnine acts more quickly than zinc phosphide.
Strychnine acts rapidly and gophers sometimes die within an hour after consuming a lethal dose.
Strychnine acts very rapidly and gophers sometimes die within an hour after consuming a lethal dose.
Strychnine also has no known therapeutic value.
Strychnine blocks binaural inhibition in lateral superior olivary neurons.
Strychnine blocks the receptors of inhibitory circuits within the spinal reflex systems.
Strychnine causes muscular convulsions .
Strychnine causes muscular convulsions.
Strychnine causes violent convulsions and painful muscle contractions before the animal dies.
Strychnine competes with the inhibitory neurotransmitter glycine resulting in an excitatory state.
Strychnine excites the nervous system and binds to the glycine receptor.
Strychnine has few uses today .
Strychnine has few uses today.
Strychnine is a botanical rodenticide.
Strychnine is a chemical used in rat poison and is easily separated from the rest of the chemicals.
Strychnine is a commonly used rodenticide.
Strychnine is a fast-acting poison that is toxic to most mammals and birds.
Strychnine is a natural product.
Strychnine is a neurotoxin which acts as an antagonist of glycine and acetylcholine receptors.
Strychnine is a poison.
Strychnine is considered a restricted-use pesticide.
Strychnine is highly toxic to most domestic animals.
Strychnine is highly toxic, and was formerly used in pest control.
Strychnine is now ok, as is the coating of fruits and produce.
Strychnine is one of the most bitter substances known .
Strychnine is one of the most bitter substances known.
Strychnine is still in limited use today as a bird, mammal, and insect control agent.
Strychnine is the most common poison used.
Strychnine is the most popular stimulant.
Strychnine is the poison generally used.
Strychnine is transported by plasma and erythrocytes .
Strychnine is used against mice, foxes and on dingo traps.
Strychnine is used as a pesticide.
Strychnine is used as a rodenticide.
Strychnine tears down the spinal cord.
Strychnines are alkaloids.
Strychnines are chemical compounds.
Strypi rockets are simple compared to more traditional satellite launchers.
STTR grants go to commercial businesses collaborating with nonprofit research institutions.
STTR grants provide funding to assist small businesses in commercializing university technologies.
STTR participants receive similar payments.
Stuart style See under Jacobean style .
Some stub files contain the naming conventions at the beginning of the file.
A stub is a natural object
Stubs also make it possible to test more in the host computer.
Stubs are a client-side invocation mechanism.
Stubs are bad.
Stubs are ideas for articles.
Stubs are likely to attract wood-boring insects.
Stubs are receipts.
Stubs are records.
Stubs are the natural way of starting articles and the wiki building.
Stubs are the starting point of good articles.
Stubs are useful, but try to include some length and quality into the article.
Stubs are where many people start editing wikipedia.
Stubs can hold a place that a bigger article can go in.
Stubs can serve as a point of entry for certain diseases and insect pests.
Stubs decay rapidly.
Stubs encourage decay and canker, thus forming a source of injury to the parent branch or trunk.
Stubs encourage rot and decay.
Stubs perform unmarshalling.
Stubs represent remote references.
Most stubs are only one paragraph or sometimes they are only a few lines.
Stubble management is an important factor determining the survival of the fungus.
Stubble turnips are white-fleshed turnips which produce a thick mass of bushy tops and large roots.
Stubborn bulls point to the futures steep discount to cash as a reason to buy the break.
Stubborn cases require advanced treatment that is too difficult to explain here.
Stubborn cases require also the aid of vapor, spirit or sulphur baths.
More stubborn causes require more determined treatment.
Stubborn denial serves no productive purpose.
Stubborn dumbness stands in their way.
Stubborn faith can move mountains.
Stubborn horses take more time to train, but beating a stubborn animal slows the training process.
Stubborn idealism takes real strength.
Stubborn inequities persist.
Stubborn poverty persists in one-third of our central cities.
Stubborn unemployment is especially endemic in Europe.
Stubby crystals are short and fat.
Stubby root nematodes feed on root surfaces, resulting in formation of numerous stubby roots.
Stucco homes are nicely accented by rock paths or by utilizing the new dyed mulches.
Stucco keratosis appears to be produced by thickening of the epidermis.
Stucco keratosis is a benign lesion that can be removed by curettage or cryotherapy.
Stucco keratosis is a benign lesion usually mistaken as seborrheic keratosis.
Stucco keratosis is found across all races.
Stucco becomes dirty and oxidizes as it ages.
Stucco bridges the panels in a fault free connection.
Stucco covers a large part of the lower store front area.
Stucco covers most of the building.
Stucco covers the original brick facade and several windows have been eliminated.
Stucco creates a great deal of strength to resist wind loads.
Stucco holds buildings firm .
Stucco is a cement based finish material and is available in standard colors.
Stucco is a plaster made of dehydrated lime, powdered marble, and glue constructed on a wire mesh.
Stucco is an excellent exterior finishing material and creates an efficient, airtight house.
Stucco is difficult to trowel unless a small amount of lime is added to the mix.
Stucco is more durable than earthen plasters on exterior walls.
Stucco is one of the most durable sidings available for houses.
Stucco is plaster
Stucco is plaster.
Stucco is porous, and moisture passes directly through.
Stucco is the most common building material used and is generally painted white or a light color.
Stucco now covers the original brick facade.
Stucco scratch coat is almost complete.
Stuck bits are equally likely.
Stuck bullets is another matter.
Stuck mail is fairly common and is nothing to be alarmed about.
Stuck obituaries are a serious problem.
Stuck swabs can be slightly frightening, and are sometimes difficult to get unstuck.
Stud chains are mean and hurt the horse.
Stud configuration alleviates stud pressure and provides optimal traction on hard ground surfaces.
Stud dogs are available in all three colors.
Stud dogs have other training and loading.
Some stud dogs produce offspring.
Stud earrings are hard to find and are perfect for girls and guys alike.
All stud earrings carry a no questions, money back guarantee.
Stud fees are reasonable, mare care available.
Stud material is steel or stainless.
All stud service is by private treaty.
A stud is a man
Stud demands strategy and skill and it takes a lot of play to develop the winner's edge.
Stud isa decoration.
Stud isa horse.
Stud isa ornament.
Stud lifts off workpiece, electric arc is ignited.
Stud tires out.
Studs are a furniture screw that have wood screws on one end and machine treads on the opposite end.
Studs are a little more formal than buttons.
Studs are almost a necessity, and chisel points are best for grass.
Studs are also the namesake of a type of timber framing called close studding .
Studs are decoration.
Studs are horses.
Studs are important.
Studs are located in walls.
Studs are men.
Studs are nothing to fool with.
Studs are poker.
Studs are secondary posts primarily used as nailers or decorations.
Studs are stallions.
Studs are the upright wood or metal members used to form the walls and partitions.
Studs are usually slender so more studs are needed than in post and beam framing.
Studs can make poor housepets, and require a bit more experience to manage.
Studs can range in thickness for use in non-loadbearing partitions to loadbearing parts.
Studs cover the shirt buttons.
Studs do severe damage to paved trails and roads.
Studs give dramatic improvements in handling and stability when riding on ice and hard-packed snow.
Studs have (part) bone cells.
Studs have (part) brains.
Studs have (part) breasts.
Studs have (part) cannon bones.
Studs have (part) chest cavities.
Studs have (part) chests.
Studs have (part) corpi.
Studs have (part) ears.
Studs have (part) faces.
Studs have (part) ground substances.
Studs have (part) heads.
Studs have (part) hip sockets.
Studs have (part) horsebacks.
Studs have (part) horse's feet.
Studs have (part) marrow.
Studs have (part) mast cells.
Studs have (part) piluses.
Studs have (part) rib cages.
Studs have (part) sections.
Studs have (part) skulls.
Studs have (part) sterna.
Studs have hex top to allow easy installation.
Studs made of gold, silver or pearls are best.
Studs run from sill plate to wall plate .
Studs strut their meat.
All studs are color coded for easy identification.
Some studs have arrangements.
Some studs have facilities.
A studbook is a register
Studbooks contain the family trees of every individual animal in the zoo population.
Studbooks help zoos keep track of animal populations.
Studbooks maintain the records on an entire captive population of a species.
Studded bangles are also available.
Studded bottom allows for drainage and air circulation.
Studded denim is still the rage, as are knee-length denim skirts with or without frayed edges.
Studded riders seat passengers seat and backrest.
Studded tires are snow tires with small metal cleats embedded in the tread.
Studded tires help quite a bit on hardpack, and do much to reduce wheel diversions.
Studded tires improve traction on ice.
Studded tires provide excellent traction on ice.
Studded tires qualify as approved traction tires.
Studded tracks update.
Studded tyres are superior to friction tyres on wet ice and hard-packed snow.
Studded tyres are usually the best choice.
Studen stars shine at theatre competition.
Student accommodation is available all over the city.
Student accommodation is available close to the city campus in single, bed-sitting rooms.
Student accommodation is available in dormitories.
Student accommodation is available in small hotels.
Student accommodation is available.
Student accommodation is notorious as a target for burglars.
Student accommodation is plentiful and cheap.
Student accommodations are available on campus.
Student accommodations are plentiful.
Student achievement continues to climb thanks to some individually tailored instruction.
Student achievement depends on the cooperative effort of parents, students and teachers.
Student achievement goes up.
Student achievement improves and the schools get better, too.
Student achievement improves because of coordinated planning.
Student achievement improves in environments that support learning to high expectations.
Student achievement improves.
Student achievement is a focus and source of pride for the teachers, parents, and students.
Student achievement is a hallmark of our mission.
Student achievement is a high priority for the district.
Student achievement is a priority at Oakland.
Student achievement is a result of faculty dedication.
Student achievement is affected by many variables.
Student achievement is also mixed.
Student achievement is assessed by performance and portfolio.
Student achievement is at the center of each professional development plan.
Student achievement is better in households in which both parents are present.
Student achievement is considered in the evaluation of schools and teachers .
Student achievement is considered through instructional strategies and assessment procedures.
Student achievement is dependent upon a positive, safe, caring, and vibrant school community.
Student achievement is dependent upon a strong and involved support system of people who care.
Student achievement is documented through periodic self-evaluations.
Student achievement is either flat or falling.
Student achievement is enhanced by minimum building transitions.
Student achievement is enhanced through partnerships.
Student achievement is equated with mastering materials.
Student achievement is evaluated and reported to parents at least once per term.
Student achievement is evaluated on actual growth from one year to the next.
Student achievement is evident throughout the school system.
Student achievement is greater when the teaching style matches the learning style.
Student achievement is greater.
Student achievement is high on both district and state assessments.
Student achievement is high, and our school district is well-managed.
Student achievement is high.
Student achievement is highlighted and celebrated at school assemblies.
Student achievement is likely to improve.
Student achievement is low.
Student achievement is measured against specific instructional targets tied to standards.
Student achievement is measured by classroom work, test results, and teacher evaluations.
Student achievement is measured by teacher evaluations, test results and classroom work.
Student achievement is measured primarily through the use of performance-based assessments.
Student achievement is measured through teacher-designed and standardized assessments.
Student achievement is monitored through a rigorous assessment process.
Student achievement is one of the most urgent problems.
Student achievement is our bottom line.
Student achievement is our highest priority.
Student achievement is our key work.
Student achievement is our number one priority.
Student achievement is our primary focus .
Student achievement is our primary focus, with emphasis on literacy and mathematics.
Student achievement is our primary goal.
Student achievement is our top priority.
Student achievement is reported for individual skills.
Student achievement is still unacceptably low.
Student achievement is the first and most critical competency standard.
Student achievement is the focus.
Student achievement is the key focus of everything the district is doing today.
Student achievement is the most important product of education.
Student achievement is the name of the game.
Student achievement is the only yardstick for evaluating success of any innovation.
Student achievement is the real measure of a college's success.
Student achievement is the top consideration of our school district.
Student achievement is up in urban districts where it was flat for years.
Student achievement is very important to the public.
Student achievement is very strong.
Student achievement requires support and resources.
Student activism can drive a lot of stuff.
Student activism continues today.
Student activism is a topic often presented.
Student activism is good.
Student activism is only part of the reason for SA's existence.
Student activism remains alive and well.
Student activist build international studies club.
Student activists are, almost by definition, impatient.
Student activists see the devastating effects of global capitalism on campuses and communities.
Many student activists are in similar situations and under strict surveillance.
Student activities are a regular part of the South Branch.
Student activities are a vital part of our program.
Student activities are also a place to have fun.
Student activities are always supervised.
Student activities are an excellent complement to academic life.
Student activities are an important part of the educational process.
Student activities are an important part of the educational program.
Student activities are an integral part of education.
Student activities are an integral part of the educational experience offered by our program.
Student activities are as many and varied as the students themselves.
Student activities are available as are lesson plans.
Student activities are popular.
Student activities are the practical expression of the school curriculum.
Student activities blend fellowship, recreation and Christian growth.
Student activities can greatly supplement their learning.
Student activities capitalize on the trickster's bag of riddles, rhymes, and linguistic tomfoolery.
Student Activities Consider the following questions.
Student activities cover a range of cognitive processes designed around the case study.
Student activities culminate in an individual written project.
Student Activities Discuss what they know about the moon walk.
Student activities dominate west of the street and faculty control activities on the east side.
Student activities encourage interaction with exceptional role models in each area of the campus.
Student activities experience.
Student Activities Find out about some of the student clubs here at Carolina.
Student activities focus on farm animals providing work, food and byproducts.
Student activities focus on personal, national, and international issues.
Student activities focus on venture capital simulations.
Student activities foster a sense of community throughout the school.
Student activities give further learning opportunities.
Student activities Give students the test.
Student activities lead to the development of a report book.
Student Activities Learn more about our active student organizations.
Student Activities Let's look at a picture of our Earth's north pole .
Student activities provide a forum for people's thoughts and actions.
Student activities provide a wide range of educational, outreach and entertainment opportunities.
Student activities provide community and service learning opportunities.
Student activities provide opportunities to develop career interests and job contacts.
Student activities provides opportunities to develop career interests and job contacts.
Student activities range from small internal meetings to large-scale public events.
Student activities reflect the problem solving process and also provides solutions to problems.
Student activities reflect the problem solving process as well as solutions to problems.
Student Activities Server On hold.
Student Activities Take a look at our photo scrapbook of various activities.
Student Activities Take out a sheet of paper.
Student activities use readily available, inexpensive materials.
Student Activity Build a piston system to convert linear to rotary motion.
Student Activity Build a small protein and alter it to form new proteins.
Student activity Create a card game .
Student Activity Find out how the parts of the face work together to express emotions.
Student activity Have the students create their own model wetland in the classroom.
Student activity is supported by five kinds of technology.
Student activity is the only fee that is required from all students.
Student activity is tracked and recorded.
All student activities are available to student spouses.
All student activities take place as scheduled unless otherwise notified.
All student activity is under the instructor s direct supervision.
Many student activities are labs that can be done in a typical home.
Some student activities reach beyond campus, even if just sonically.
Some student activities require proof of insurance, ie bus trips, skiing, etc.
Student affairs does have problems.
Student affairs is committed to whole-person student development.
Student affairs lacks a comparable statement of good practice.
Student affairs statements on learning, student development and technology.
Student agencies compete for client approval on national, regional, or local accounts.
Student aid comes from many sources, but the majority of funds come from the federal government.
Student Aid completes load sheets.
Student aid continues to be a major focus.
Student aid encompasses the costs of undergraduate scholarships and graduate fellowships.
Student aid includes grants, loans, scholarships, and work-study.
Student aid is also a point of special focus.
Student aid is also available from other federal agencies.
Student aid is available from scholarship memorial funds maintained by the foundation.
Student aid is available in many different areas.
Student aid is available.
Student aid is based on a complicated federal formula.
Student aid is based on financial circumstances.
Student aid is granted annually for up to four years to each Native American student who qualifies.
Student aid shows on the semester bill as a credit, covering billable expenses.
Student aid takes the form of scholarships, grants, loans, and employment.
Student Ambassadors are current, enthusiastic and dedicated students who help promote the college.
Student Ambassadors assist by greeting guests, issuing name tags, and taking and returning jackets.
Student Ambassadors assist primarily with off-campus recruiting and community relations activities.
Student Ambassadors have a total number of hours of work and service per semester.
Student Ambassadors live on campus and receive free housing in exchange for work hours.
Student ambassadors represent the university to alumni and students.
Student Ambassadors See the world, get school credit.
Student Ambassadors travel overseas to learn, share, and represent their communities and schools.
Student ambassadors wear special name tags for easy identification.
Student assistants are a vital component of the library workforce.
Student Assistants are always on call to help.
Student assistants are an excellent resource for a lab manager.
Student assistants are available in computer labs through midnight.
Student assistants are available in the evenings when classes are in session.
Student assistants are available in the labs to handle basic questions.
Student assistants are available provide students with help.
Student assistants are available to advise on proper use of all equipment.
Student assistants are available to assist with laboratory work or library research.
Student assistants are available to provide tutorial assistance in lower division courses.
Student assistants are on duty as much as possible.
Student assistants are on duty during the day, in the evenings, and on weekends.
Student Assistants are on duty for extended periods in the four main cluster sites to assist users.
Student assistants are on duty in the department most hours that the library is open.
Student Assistants are on duty in the labs to answer questions and assist with the equipment.
Student assistants are on duty to provide users with support at all locations.
Student assistants are one of our most valuable resources.
Student assistants are part of a team.
Student assistants are relatively unaffected.
Student assistants are vital to the general operation of the Ohio Wesleyan Libraries.
Student Assistants assist in a variety of ways with special projects at our school.
Student assistants can answer questions about materials and equipment operation.
Student assistants can answer the phone, greet clients, and handle routine preparations for lessons.
Student assistants can help moderate on-line discussions.
Student assistants cover evenings and weekend hours.
Student assistants exercise responsibility commensurate with their demonstrated expertise.
Student assistants help gather data for research as part of their ongoing seminary studies.
Student assistants help out during busy times like lunch and afternoons.
Student assistants help supervise the library during evenings and on weekends.
Student assistants manning the front entrance to the lab maintain supplies.
Student assistants participate in various phases of web support, during the school year.
Student assistants play a big role in keeping the media center running.
Student assistants practice loading and running CD-ROM products on a variety of operating systems.
Student assistants provide limited assistance at some desks during late evenings and weekends.
Student assistants provide support with a peer-oriented flavor in math and the computer lab.
Student assistants provide valuable support to routine and special projects.
Student Assistants run the desk evenings and weekends.
Student Assistants serve the school in various capacities.
Student assistants serve to aid students and staff in the lab.
Student assistants staff the circulation desk where they check out materials and answer questions.
Student assistants staff the lab during hours of operation.
Student assistants staff the library during the evenings and weekends.
Student assistants undergo extensive training as well.
Student assistants work alone evenings and weekends.
All student assistants assigned to a department are under the supervision of the department head.
Most student assistants begin work in the Library at minimum wage.
Some student assistants return after their graduation to assist.
Student associations are also highly active on Campus.
Student associations exists to benefit all students on campus.
Student associations flourish in Leiden.
Student athletes are a part of the special population on campus.
Student athletes are also responsible for fulfilling the swimming requirement.
Student athletes are athletes.
Student athletes are eligible to apply for health insurance coverage.
Student athletes are our first consideration and winning our second consideration.
Student athletes are students.
Student athletes are welcome and urged to attend.
Student athletes can pull up sleeping bags and pads on the wooden floor to save on hotel fees.
Student athletes can select service opportunities in which they are most interested.
Student athletes can set goals to improve their performance on the field.
Student athletes can work with tutors individually, in small groups or work in a quiet area.
Student athletes compete in five intercollegiate sports for men and women.
Student athletes compete on well-maintained sports fields.
Student athletes have special academic needs.
Student athletes receive the same treatment as other students.
Student athletes tend to have more absences from classes during the season of their sport.
Student Athletes use the training room before and after practices and games.
Student Athletes use the training room before and after practices and meets.
Student athletes work out in the new weight room.
Student athletes worry about nutrition.
All student athletes are welcome regardless of ability or prior experience.
All student athletes have a hold placed on their academic records the week before the term begins.
All student athletes have access to free and unlimited tutoring sessions.
All student athletes require a neat appearance in both clothing and personal grooming.
Many student athletes gamble on sports.
Many student athletes report similar learning.
Student Benefits Gain up to eight months of valuable work experience.
Student Benefits Gain valuable professional experience.
Student Benefits Gain valuable work experience.
Student Benefits Provide an environment that develops self worth and self esteem.
Most student blogs are all opinion, no reporting.
Student body disbands for enlistment.
Student body elects new president.
Student Body Increase the diversity of the student body.
Student body is evenly divided between men and women.
Student body is predominantly non-residential and older than students at traditional Universities.
Student body reflects a strong college commitment to racial and ethnic diversity.
Student cards are available at the same price.
Student cards are good for the current school year.
Student cards are only current for a year.
Student cards are valid for one semester and faculty cards for one academic year .
Student cards are valid for the current semester only.
Student cards expire at the end of the current semester.
A student center is a center
Student center is comfortable place.
Student centers are open while student workers are present.
Student clubs are a valuable part of teenagers' junior high and high school experiences.
Student clubs are active as well.
Student clubs are an excellent way to integrate into campus life and meet other students.
Student clubs are popular, and they regularly bring in speakers from the corporate world.
Student clubs can have a web page by following a few simple steps.
Student clubs meet once every two-week period.
Student Clubs present an array of programs, services, and activities for the college community.
Student clubs promote extra-curricular activities and contacts with international students.
Student clubs reflect the diversity of student interests within our campus community.
Student Clubs sign up page.
Student clubs use the event for fundraising such as bake sales.
Most student clubs advertise events in the college center by putting up banners there.
Student commons can function both as formal and informal learning environments.
Student competitions are an ideal way to build professional confidence.
Student connections are limited to supervised lab settings.
All student connections use the DHCP server.
Student council accepts the responsibility for the organization and control of student activities.
Student council completes many activities throughout the year.
Student council gives donations from their fundraising to different charities each year.
Student council is an extra curricular activity.
Student council is involved in many community projects.
Student council is involved in morning announcements and reads our daily birthday greetings.
Student council meets after school.
Student council meets at least twice per month during the lunch period.
Student council plans a pep session each year for our various academic and athletic teams.
Student council works on many worthwhile projects.
Some student councils employ a coordinator of athletics and recreation.
Student day is complimentary.
Student debt continues to grow.
Student debt is a case in point.
Student debt is a growing issue.
Student debt is high, which discourages some of the best people from pursuing full-time ministry.
Student debt is out of control.
Student deferment can be longer.
Student demonstrations are commonplace.
Student demonstrations are no longer regular and pose no particular threat to visitors.
Student desks are large enough to fit a full computer set up.
Student desks come standard with pencil groove.
Student development continues within the context of the local church.
Student development is a major focus of the office.
Student development is another concern.
Student development is central to student success.
Student development is the foundation for programs while education is the focus of services.
Student discount is available upon request.
Student discount is available.
Student Discounts apply.
Student discounts are also available on hardware.
Student discounts are also available.
Student discounts are available and children are welcome.
Student discounts are available for sports such as rowing, fencing, tennis and swimming.
Student discounts are available in person only.
Student discounts are available on hardware and software.
Student Discounts are available one hour prior to the performance.
Student discounts are available with valid identification.
Student discounts are available.
Student discounts are only available to current, full-time students.
Student discounts are regularly available.
Student engagement is critical for directing learning.
Student engagement is high.
Student evaluation extends beyond the cognitive domain to the psychomotor and affective domains.
Student evaluation is a continuous process, woven into the curriculum.
Student evaluation is a critical element of overall program evaluation.
Student evaluation is an important component of the teaching-learning process.
Student evaluation is an on-going process.
Student evaluation is based on a class presentation and a final paper.
Student evaluation is based on a paper.
Student evaluation is based on a required journal, a paper, and class participation.
Student evaluation is based on a take-home essay exam.
Student evaluation is based on an examination and a campaign analysis.
Student evaluation is based on an individual and group performance.
Student evaluation is based on appropriate graduate-level analysis.
Student evaluation is based on attendance, class participation, and performance.
Student evaluation is based on class discussions, presentations, and individual budget analyses.
Student evaluation is based on class participation and a take-home exam.
Student evaluation is based on class participation, a book review, and two exams.
Student evaluation is based on class participation, a short research paper, and an exam.
Student evaluation is based on class participation, projects, and written examinations.
Student evaluation is based on class performance, written work, a midterm and a final examination.
Student evaluation is based on completion of reading, a research project, and a class presentation.
Student evaluation is based on completion of readings, interviews, and an oral presentation.
Student evaluation is based on effort and behavior.
Student evaluation is based on effort, attitude, class participation, and achievement.
Student evaluation is based on examinations and term paper scores.
Student evaluation is based on examinations-periodic quizzes, a midterm, and a final.
Student evaluation is based on exams, homework, and a term paper.
Student evaluation is based on layout accuracy and examination.
Student evaluation is based on performance on examinations and computer laboratory assignments.
Student evaluation is based on performance on examinations and projects.
Student evaluation is based on performance on tests and assignments.
Student evaluation is based on quizzes, practical exercises, and examinations.
Student evaluation is based on quizzes,laboratory reports,homework,tests and written reports.
Student evaluation is based on the completion of three papers.
Student evaluation is based on two book reviews, class participation, and a personal prayer journal.
Student evaluation is based on written and oral quizzes, and a final examination.
Student evaluation is based on written exams, design projects, and practical work on productions.
Student evaluation is based upon a group project, an individual paper and two exams.
Student evaluation is based upon objective examinations and problem solving.
Student evaluation is based upon quizzes, practical exercises and examinations.
Student evaluation is based upon quizzes, practical exercises, and examinations.
Student evaluation is by a short multiple choice exam.
Student evaluation is by assignments and exams.
Student evaluation is by lab performance, application of principles as well as written examinations.
Student evaluation is by laboratory performance and written examinations.
Student evaluation is by means of quizzes, exercises, and a final exam.
Student evaluation is by means of two quizzes, a research paper, and a final exam.
Student evaluation is by means of two quizzes, several short research assignments and a final exam.
Student evaluation is by means of two quizzes, short research assignments and a final exam.
Student evaluation is by questionnaire analysis and group discussion.
Student evaluation is competency-based.
Student evaluation is conducted by means of a mid-term and final examination.
Student evaluation is continuous throughout the course as work is being made.
Student evaluation is determined from assignments and student participation.
Student evaluation is determined from assignments, attendance and student participation in class.
Student evaluation is extremely valuable.
Student evaluation is objective.
Student evaluation is of course the responsibility of the instructor.
Student evaluation is performed through ongoing portfolio assessment.
Student evaluation occurs at the end of each term or other grading period where applicable.
Student evaluation places a great degree of responsibility on the individual teacher.
Student evaluation provides access to the perceptions of competence by the recipients of teaching.
Student evaluation takes into consideration the individual's level in the program.
Student evaluations are also an important part of the tenure process.
Student evaluations are an important component of the review process, but it's only one aspect.
Student evaluations are an integral part of the review process and are to be considered.
Student evaluations are due.
Student evaluations are generally interesting and informative.
Student evaluations are indicators of student perceptions.
Student evaluations are just popularity contests.
Student evaluations are most frequent source of evaluations of teaching.
Student evaluations are multidimensional.
Student evaluations are now single-mindedly applied.
Student evaluations are used to assess teacher and course effectiveness, so do respond honestly.
Student evaluations are useful, both numerical ratings and open-ended statements from students.
Student Evaluations ask a lot of maturity and expertise from students.
Student evaluations do make a difference.
Student evaluations dominate the evidence for effective teaching.
Student evaluations remain one important part of a comprehensive evaluation system.
Student evaluations reveal that the department is indeed characterized by outstanding teaching.
Student Evaluations Reviews some of the literature on student evaluations of professors.
Student evaluations seem very positive concerning the impact of the course.
Student evaluations show increased knowledge of library collections and services.
Student evaluations tend to be fairly stable.
All student evaluations are confidental.
Student exchange is a rapidly growing part of Australian student activity.
Student exchange is the main concern of the office.
Student exchanges are also an excellent means to develop mutual understanding.
Student exchanges are also under discussion.
Student exchanges are ongoing.
Student exchanges take place as part of our modern language curriculum.
All student exchanges are on a space-available basis only.
Student fee excludes book of abstracts and single room.
Student fee includes all the above.
Student fee includes complimentary student membership at no additional cost.
Student fee includes workshop participation, ice-breaking party, and coffee.
Student fee is charged.
Student fee is half price.
Student fee is lower.
Student fee is required.
Student fees are all due at the start of the regular session.
Student fees are as listed below.
Student Fees are available for programs during the one week conference.
Student fees are available only to candidates in full-time university study programs.
Student fees are half that for regular members.
Student fees are less than a professional membership.
Student fees are mandatory and non-refundable.
Student fees are non-refundable.
Student fees are nonrefundable.
Student fees are payable at the beginning of each semester.
Student Fees are payable on a per subject basis each semester.
Student fees are payable prior to registration.
Student Fees are payable prior to registration.
Student fees are the same as in the above table.
Student fees are the same, irrespective of IEEE membership.
Student fees are too high already.
Student fees are valid only if a participating advisor or coauthor pays full fee.
Student fees comprise sixteen percent of the total.
Student fees cover all instructional costs.
Student fees cover legal services, recreational activities, and comprehensive medical benefits.
Student Fees fund other forms of education on campus.
Student fees fund our service.
Student fees go into a large pool that is split-up between the different departments on campus.
Student fees make up the majority of the overall budget.
Student fees pay for athletic events, health care, student activities and other services.
Student fees provide support services and facilities to on-campus students.
Student fees represent another area of cost containment.
Student fees rise for the fifth straight year.
Student fees support the free programs and services, and discounts on most fee-based services.
Student fees vary depending on student status and academic term.
All student fees are due and payable as part of the student's registration.
All student fees are to be paid at the time of registration.
Student finances are very limited.
Student government agrees on a dress code.
Student Government appropriates money to student groups across campus.
Student government CAN be powerful if the right people are elected to office.
Student government can only be effective with the active participation and input of many students.
Student government deals with policy and campus life issues of the student body.
Student Government funds one of the best labs on campus.
Student government gives students the opportunity to influence campus policy.
Student government has the ability to do things with the right kind of energy.
Student government has to approve it.
Student government includes students in both elected and appointed positions.
Student government is a class that helps someone become a better leader and a better person.
Student government is a possibility.
Student government is a tool.
Student government is active and sponsors many student activities, programs, and assemblies.
Student government is active in presenting drug free and violence free programs.
Student government is also active and carries significant responsibilities.
Student government is funded by a mandatory student fee.
Student government is involved in all campus areas affecting students.
Student government is just that government for the students by the students.
Student government is no exception.
Student government is open to everyone.
Student government is responsible for the new blue lights on the emergency phones.
Student government is the voice of the students.
Student government is, in theory, a pretty good idea.
Student government maintains an open door policy to encourage the discussion of student concerns.
Student government meets quite frequently.
Student government needs to be controlled a lot better.
Student Government offers opportunities for leadership experience.
Student government provides a little more than half the budget.
Student governments are state agencies, in that they operate similarly to the state government.
Student governments are the liaisons between the student body and the administration.
Student governments can offer organizational advice, assistance, and encouragement.
Student governments can set up web-based student elections, surveys, and polls.
Student governments look into eliminating sales tax from college textbooks.
Student governments register at the site.
Most student governments oversee student groups and programing at their universities.
Student grants tend toward the paltry, at best.
Student group helps market alumnus' book.
Student group reports.
Student group works with health center to respond to complaints and improve services.
Student groups analyze a case study formulating pharmaceutical policy in a developing country.
Student groups appear briefly to share what they've learned.
Student groups apply for funds and a committee of parents determine who receives funds each year.
Student groups are a great way to meet new people and make lasting friendships.
Student groups are a priority.
Student groups are also welcome to provide entertainment.
Student groups are both social and academic in nature and provide a variety of experiences.
Student groups are elgibile for an account to publish information pertaining to their student group.
Student groups are eligible for one grant per year.
Student groups are eligible to publish information pertaining to their student group.
Student groups are exempt from royalties charges.
Student groups are give a pair of cities.
Student groups are important for classroom learning.
Student groups are less.
Student groups are responsible for removing all of their publicity immediately after their events.
Student groups are the backbone of our organization and our university.
Student groups are therefore an important part of both learning and other activities.
Student groups are valid as well.
Student Groups are vastly underfunded.
Student groups attend long weekend camps in German and French during the school year.
Student groups begin rotating through area to complete activities.
Student groups begin their journey into the centers, which encourage student choice and interaction.
Student groups can also use the list to advertise upcoming events.
Student groups can also utilize the list to advertise upcoming events.
Student groups can apply to have private meeting rooms by clicking here .
Student Groups can do clean up themselves with advance approval.
Student groups can establish sites within the DJ for their organization.
Student groups can have a major impact on Tibet.
Student groups can participate in grassroots lobbying.
Student groups can present their maps to the class once they have been completed.
Student groups can take turns entering data into their spreadsheets during the day.
Student groups can then present their findings to the entire class.
Student groups choose one of their members as the contact person.
Student groups choose projects that utilize the modeling techniques.
Student groups collect different types of insects and study their habits.
Student groups compete for prizes as they answer questions about the world's many cultures.
Student groups compete to raise the most money for the marathon.
Student groups compete to represent their jurisdiction and receive cash awards.
Student groups conduct all phases of a survey project from design to analysis.
Student groups create a comparison chart for the two flashlights.
Student groups create a story they can feel proud of.
Student groups design a health promotion campaign.
Student groups design a significant computer-based project.
Student groups distribute the materials to the schools and businesses.
Student groups do Web projects on sociology of the Internet and related technologies.
Student groups evaluate the individual ideas and reach consensus on a solid waste plan.
Student groups excel at that kind of politics.
Student groups facilitate networking that leads to job offerings.
Student groups fear the worst with regards to private institutions.
Student groups get in the spirit by giving to local and national charities.
Student groups have field trips, guest speakers, and fund-raisers.
Student groups have regular conferences with experts who help direct their project work.
Student groups help diminish feelings of isolation and help build self-esteem for their members.
Student groups illustrate different layers and explain their layer to the class.
Student groups list what they know about the scenario.
Student groups make presentations to a panel of city planners and community members.
Student groups make up our largest pool of volunteers.
Student groups manage servers for e-mail and web page publishing.
Student groups meet in New Castle, Dover and Georgetown.
Student groups meet with counselors and social workers.
Student groups meet with counselors and the social worker.
Student groups perform design and implementation of significant database application.
Student groups prepare acts to lip synch to recorded music.
Student groups present their lessons to classmates to complete.
Student groups pull a question from the bowl and try to answer it in three minutes.
Student groups pursue a survey project of their own choosing.
Student groups read labels of a variety of products.
Student groups relate to clients as consultants.
Student groups report their findings back to the class to create a timeline of pertinent events.
Student groups research about the variety of medical treatments.
Student groups rotate through the activities during the cruise.
Student groups share their ideas.
Student groups specify, design, implement, and test partial software systems.
Student groups sponsor social and cultural programs.
Student groups test each camera by looking at a single light bulb in a darkened room.
Student groups try to protect the beach and participate in litter collection.
Student groups use the cabin as a base for various weekend activities.
Student groups use varied approaches to exploration of essential ideas.
Student groups vary according to instrumentation and ability.
Student groups visit the web site.
Student groups welcome.
Student groups work independently with a faculty member as facilitator and consultant.
Student groups work their way through a variety of health care situations.
Student groups work with one of two companies that have volunteered to assist the class.
All student groups participate broadly in school activities.
All student groups receive a study guide to enhance their theatre going.
All student groups require advance reservations.
Many student groups have office space at the current student center, but lack community.
Most student groups meet regularly at a specific day and time.
Some student groups can be dysfunctional.
Some student groups complain that the new rules are counterproductive.
Some student groups get all the money they ask for, while other budgets remain unfilled.
Some student groups say they still believe that they do represent a moral force for reform.
Some student groups think it is too strict.
Some student groups write and conduct plays, some perform step routines, some perform raps, etc.
Student hours apply through the end of finals week.
Student houses are no exception.
Student Houses are rather like a self-catering hall of residence.
Student housing can be very costly.
Student housing is a controversial issue in the city.
Student housing is a giant experiment.
Student housing is also available on campus in several residence halls.
Student housing is also in crisis in the lead up to the Olympics.
Student housing is at a premium in Vienna.
Student housing is available and private off-campus housing is available and reasonably priced.
Student housing is available in a dormitory setting within a convenient commute to campus.
Student housing is available in a dormitory style setting on a space available basis.
Student housing is available in a Northwestern residence hall or nearby apartments and condominiums.
Student housing is available on both campuses, thus providing many options to meet student needs.
Student housing is available on campus in dormitories.
Student housing is available on-campus in dormitories.
Student housing is available on-campus in residence halls.
Student housing is available only on the main campus.
Student housing is available to matriculated students.
Student housing is available.
Student housing is difficult to find almost everywhere.
Student housing is either apartment or residence hall style.
Student housing is found exclusively in Valparaiso, near the university.
Student housing is included in the tuition fee.
Student housing is more than a place to study or opportunities for social events.
Student housing is of a high standard and meal stipends are generous.
Student housing is operated in harmony with the college's overall philosophy of life and conduct.
Student housing is our top priority.
Student housing is packed.
Student housing is plentiful on or off campus.
Student housing is provided.
Student housing is shown as bright yellow.
Student housing is to capacity.
Student Housing Learn about specific halls, costs, and services available in university housing.
Student housing provides another important aspect of personal growth toward the objectives.
All student housing is air-conditioned.
All student housing is located on or within two blocks of all campus facilities.
All student housing is located within easy walking distance of classrooms on the River Campus.
All student housing is networked.
Most student housing is within walking distance of the campus.
Some student housing is available near the campus.
Some student housing is available.
Student impact is also important to consider in the case of program enhancements.
Student instructors are able to view themselves as role models worthy of being emulated.
Student instructors experience the responsibility of being teachers.
Student internships are a direct line between the world of work and the education community.
Student internships are also available.
Student Internships are also available.
Student internships are also vital educational ministry opportunities.
Student internships are available for credit on a competitive basis for New Letters operations.
Student Internships are available in several programs listed.
Student internships are available through several public and private organizations.
Student internships are available throughout the academic year and summer.
Student internships are available with area law firms and police precincts.
Student Internships are available, as are many volunteer opportunities.
Student internships are available.
Student internships are for the summer only.
Student internships are now available on a competitive basis.
Student internships benefit both student and industry.
Student internships can also provide practical experience and career direction.
Student Internships Hire a student to do meaningful tasks.
Student Internships permit qualified students to work in local organizations and earn wages.
Student internships provide meaningful mentorship opportunities for industry professionals.
Student interpreters can use paper and pencils to help in their translations of the sentences.
Student interpreters offer presentations weekdays during the regular school year.
Student jobs are also available on campus.
Student jobs are extremely scarce.
Student jobs are real jobs .
Many student jobs are available on campus.
Many student jobs focus on database maintenance and clean-up projects.
Most student jobs are for eight to ten hours per week.
Some student jobs are available in return for a rebate on room and board fees.
Student journals are also available in Spanish.
Student journals are good.
Student journals can also provide a tutor with insights into a student s development and reasoning.
Student journals provide a number of benefits both inside and outside the classroom.
Student journals take the place of formal examinations.
Student journalism is a hotbed of controversy in the U.S. today.
Student journalism is an important activity at any academic institution.
Student journalists can click here to learn more about the newspaper's summer internships.
Student journalists have some advantages over reporters as far as covering violence on campus goes.
Student journalists report on classroom news and special events in bimonthly newsletters.
Student Leader can help.
Student leaders are a very visible group of students who are clearly active in their own learning.
Student leaders are already excited about the changes.
Student leaders are available to younger students.
Student leaders are comfortable with all groups of people.
Student leaders are eligible for a number of leadership awards.
Student leaders are fair.
Student leaders are good listeners.
Student leaders are humble.
Student Leaders are in direct contact with students.
Student leaders are key to soliciting a wide range of student participation in the project.
Student leaders are primarily responsible for much of what goes on outside the classroom.
Student leaders are responsible for completing the form for their event.
Student leaders are. .
Student leaders arrive early for events and stay late.
Student leaders assume an important role in leading the campus community into the new millenium.
Student leaders can find assistance in planning activities and programs.
Student leaders can have an incredible impact on their peers.
Student leaders can relate to all groups in the school.
Student leaders can relate to staff and administration.
Student leaders can share photos from recent events.
Student leaders come to see how important their role is to their school and the students they serve.
Student leaders delegate important jobs.
Student leaders examine, discuss, choose and develop an action plan for a service project.
Student leaders expect it to be one of the biggest, most popular events of the year.
Student leaders facilitate programs in a variety of service areas.
Student leaders fill four other jobs on government.
Student leaders gather to use the summer months to organize the year's focus and activities.
Student Leaders greet incoming students and their parents.
Student leaders have a different take on things.
Student leaders have an important role.
Student leaders have freedom in planning and implementing activities for the organizations.
Student leaders huddle.
Student leaders keep the ministry on track from being irrelevant.
Student leaders know the names of people.
Student leaders learn to operate as active players within an institutional setting.
Student leaders match university groups with community agencies for one-day service projects.
Student leaders meet regularly to share vision, pray for the group and build community.
Student leaders meet together to support and encourage one another and share new ideas and goals.
Student leaders participate in another organization's event.
Student leaders provide additional support to other children.
Student leaders provide energy and excitement.
Student leaders receive awards and honors for their achievements in such activities.
Student leaders return from camp.
Student leaders rush up to the front desk to grab copies.
Student leaders say a key to their progress has been their coalition with local unions.
Student leaders say that rising housing costs are adding to students' burden of debt.
Student Leaders seek out student concerns.
Student leaders stress the empowerment that comes through running their own organizations.
Student leaders take the role of leadership seriously after the election.
Every student leader knows that the key to success is an exciting program schedule.
Many student leaders express frustration with the current system.
Many student leaders have difficulty juggling their many responsibilities.
Most student leaders urge caution.
Student leadership is a necessary ingredient of any successful school.
Student leadership is a vital part of our worship experience.
Student leadership is also strong.
Student leadership is evaluated and developed.
Student leadership is high quality.
Student leadership is in charge of programming and publicity.
Student leadership is promoted through a team of prefects. .
Student leadership is stressed and supported by ongoing training programs.
Student leadership organizes the entire outreach.
Student leadership prepares undergraduates for active community involvement on all levels.
Student Life can also provide advisement to student organizations that are planning fund-raisers.
Student life can be great, but it can also be hell.
Student life can get a bit hectic and some people book and then forget to come.
Student life centres around the studio.
Student Life Come see what it's like to live next to Boston, one of the U.S.'s great cities.
Student life consists of more than academic work.
Student Life creates community through Jewish life and observance.
Student Life Find information about our graduate community, housing, and graduate student support.
Student life involves significant educational, social, and emotional challenges.
Student life is also an important part of the paper.
Student life is an important factor in the CRC experience.
Student life is characterized by a culture of learning inside and outside the classroom.
Student life is culturally dynamic in a city famous for museums, monuments and landmarks.
Student life is diverse and broad-based.
Student life is diverse and broadly based in interest.
Student life is enhanced by a plethora of extra-curricular activities offered on campus.
Student life is full of studies as well as class activities and extra-curricular events.
Student life is hellish enough as it is.
Student life is more than just work.
Student life is now different from that of the quarter system.
Student life is represented through publications and information on organizations and activities.
Student life is rich with extracurricular activities.
Student life is rich with opportunities to participate in the life of the community.
Student life is supposed to be the most enjoyable time, relaxed and care-free.
Student life is sure to include fast food.
Student life is tough enough without stricter standards.
Student life is very much in evidence.
Student Life Learn more about basic student services and opportunities.
Student life needs special attention as a result of the tornado and major construction projects.
Student life needs to be nurtured and supported through capital projects.
Student Life offers an opportunity to get involved on campus.
Student life provides for many educational, cultural, social, and recreational experiences.
Student Life recognizes the vested interest of students in the educational process.
Student life See our student life page for pictures and info about life on campus and around town.
Student loan amounts in excess of attendance costs.
Student loans add up quickly and have to be repaid someday.
Student loans allow students to divide up a portion of their tuition into four monthly installments.
Student loans are a big difference between today's graduate vs. yesterday's.
Student loans are a federal student aid program.
Student loans are a form of Financial Aid.
Student loans are a legal responsibility borrowers assume once a promissory note is signed.
Student loans are a Reality too.
Student loans are a serious and important obligation.
Student loans are a serious commitment.
Student loans are also a source of funding for training.
Student loans are also available to eligible graduate students.
Student loans are also available to eligible post baccalaureate students.
Student loans are also available.
Student loans are an investment in the future.
Student loans are an up-front pension.
Student loans are another alternative for supporting graduate study.
Student loans are available and there is an open house each month.
Student Loans are available for a period of study in Europe.
Student loans are available for any family with students in college.
Student loans are available from a number of private and public sources.
Student loans are available through leading banks to approved applicants.
Student loans are available through the universities and colleges.
Student loans are available to all who apply for federal assistance.
Student loans are available to both undergraduate and graduate students.
Student loans are available to graduate business students.
Student loans are available to meet tuition costs of approved courses.
Student loans are available to qualified graduate students.
Student loans are available to students and parents.
Student loans are available to students enrolled at least half-time.
Student loans are available to students who meet eligibility criteria.
Student loans are available.
Student Loans are available.
Student loans are between the two concerned parties.
Student loans are cheaper and can be repaid based on the ability to pay.
Student loans are consolidated free of charge.
Student loans are dischargeable only in limited circumstances.
Student loans are easy to get.
Student loans are exempt from taxes.
Student loans are financial aid, too.
Student loans are forever.
Student loans are funds borrowed from a bank, to be repaid on a calculated rate of interest.
Student loans are great deals and compare favorably with other borrowing options.
Student loans are just one of many financial burdens that people have in the world.
Student loans are low-interest educational loans to be repaid after graduation.
Student Loans are low-interest loans with flexible, liberal repayment periods.
Student loans are medium priority debts.
Student loans are much more flexible for interest rates and payment than credit cards.
Student loans are no longer dischargeable regardless of how old they are.
Student loans are nontransferable.
Student loans are now nondischargeable except in cases of extreme hardship.
Student loans are obtainable based on the student's academic classification.
Student loans are part of a student's self-help portion of their award.
Student Loans are part of the government's long term education reforms plan.
Student loans are possible.
Student loans are sometimes unenforceable due to school closures, fraud, etc.
Student loans are very common among students attending college.
Student loans can be an excellent way to establish a good credit rating.
Student loans can be hard to keep track of at times.
Student loans can have the same effect.
Student loans can help fill the cash-gap.
Student loans can linger for years, but they're usually low-interest.
Student loans can only cover educational expenses that are considered non-discretionary.
Student loans can take forever to pay.
Student loans create burdens of debts and are bad for the long-term future of education.
Student Loans Graduating from college with student loan debt is common today.
Student loans have a repayment grace period of six months from date of graduation.
Student loans have a six-month grace period before monthly repayments begin.
Student loans have a yearly maximum borrowing limit.
Student loans have low interest rates compared to current consumer loans.
Student loans have lower interest rates and longer terms of payment than commercial loans.
Student loans have lower interest rates than commercial loans.
Student loans have lower interest rates than most commercial loans.
Student loans have many of the same legal requirements as consumer loans.
Student loans help families fill the cash gap.
Student Loans Learn how to finance higher education at all levels and hundreds of schools.
Student loans make it possible for the majority of our students to get the education they deserve.
Student loans offer a low-interest alternative to help finance the student's education.
Student loans offer a plausible solution to the problem.
Student loans offer low interest rates and can be consolidated or deferred until after college.
Student loans take even longer.
All student loans are for an academic year.
Most student loans have reasonable repayment schedules.
Some student loans are eligible for deferment of repayment.
Some student loans have variable interest rates, while others have fixed rates.
Student lounges are adjacent to each hall.
Student magazines dish out the meat and potatoes of campus thought. . .
Student microscopes are the smallest and least expensive of the three.
Most student microscopes compromise on optical and mechanical quality.
Student movement creates increased opportunities for students to become disruptive.
Student movements tend to oppose the established order.
Student nations are central to campus life, sponsoring social activities, sports, clubs, and pubs.
Student Newspapers are a good place to compare stories, and look for publishing ooportunities.
Student newspapers are another rich source of invention strategies.
Student newspapers are generally more accommodating, often printing letters hundreds of words long.
Student newspapers benefit students, faculty and staff, as well as the community.
Most student newspapers charge for ads.
Student numbers are increasing, the quality of student is lower, 'efficiency gain' is the problem.
Student numbers are limited.
Student numbers are small but topics have included sustainable housing.
Student numbers have a bearing on the time required to complete a course.
Student numbers seem to be on the up and up.
A student nurse is a nurse
Student nurses are crucial to the future of the health service.
Student nurses can take advantage of the shifting needs for RNs.
Student nurses deserve more than they are currently getting.
Student nurses participate in health screenings and with students in well-children case studies.
Student nurses say the scholarship money is vital.
Students of color can find academic and social support through campus organizations.
Students of color have less access to advanced classes and gifted programs.
Students of color have less access to advanced classes or programs for gifted students.
Students of color have the best credentials to teach the inherent benefits of plurality.
Students of color interact more with dominant students than the reverse.
Students of color make up over one third of the incoming class.
Many students of color feel that they are being recognized and then marginalized.
Many students of color start their higher education at community colleges.
Student organisations are more analogous in structure to local councils than trade unions.
Student organization has student coordinator.
Student organizations apply for grants from the center in order to conduct service activities.
Student organizations are a good place to meet with other students who have similar interests.
Student organizations are a great way to become energized and active in a specific area of law.
Student organizations are a vital component of the campus community.
Student organizations are active and supported.
Student organizations are also a great place to get leadership experience.
Student organizations are also a great way to meet new people and make life-long friends.
Student organizations are also a part of the environmental and natural resource program at Idaho.
Student organizations are also responsible for all policies detailed in the Student Handbook.
Student organizations are also welcome to use our services.
Student organizations are an avenue for developing managerial abilities.
Student organizations are an educational and creative outlet for students.
Student organizations are an integral part of the technical education experience.
Student organizations are exempt from state regulations.
Student organizations are free to invite their own faculty or staff advisers.
Student organizations are key in creating student life.
Student organizations are limited to three fund-raising events on campus per term.
Student organizations are often interested in getting computer accounts.
Student organizations are organizations.
Student organizations are primarily student directed and operated.
Student organizations are responsible for resetting the furniture at the conclusion of their event.
Student organizations are responsible for seeking faculty recognition.
Student organizations are susceptible to take over by zealous educators.
Student organizations are welcome to display information tables.
Student organizations can also fundraise by hosting the blood center on campus.
Student organizations can also request to use an off-campus caterer to provide ethnic meals.
Student organizations can also sponsor student participation by paying the registration fee.
Student organizations can display information and souvenirs about their organization.
Student organizations can do the same in their main directory.
Student Organizations can get the disclaimer for organization pages here .
Student organizations can now get funding for working together to solve campus problems.
Student organizations can reserve time on the course at no cost.
Student organizations can sponsor their own fundraising activities and work weekends.
Student organizations can study in a global university setting.
Student organizations can volunteer drivers to help impaired individuals return home.
Student organizations can work through the appropriate office to promote events.
Student organizations cater to professional, hobby, and social interests.
Student organizations commit to yearlong relationships with the community agency of their choice.
Student organizations compete for the best tasting non-alcoholic drink.
Student organizations complement the learning programs of our school.
Student organizations conduct a rock and mineral auction at least once per year, sometimes twice.
Student organizations continue to register throughout the year.
Student organizations contribute positively to the quality of student life at East Carolina.
Student organizations contribute to the program by either making donations, or adopting the project.
Student organizations develop leaders.
Student organizations enhance the college experience.
Student organizations enhance the educational experience.
Student organizations expand learning beyond the classroom and into the community.
Student organizations facilitate the achievement of key developmental tasks.
Student organizations facilitate the discussion of ideas and stimulate robust campus debate.
Student Organizations Find out how to get involved with other students and make valuable contacts.
Student organizations follow more stringent guidelines at their own request.
Student organizations have priority for blocking and reserve our facilities free of charge.
Student organizations have priority in space reservations.
Student organizations have space on the college web server.
Student organizations have the option of listing all or none of the co-sponsors.
Student organizations have their own offices.
Student organizations have to battle for times and spaces in which they can practice.
Student organizations help to provide a well-rounded college experience.
Student organizations initiate fund-raisers for many reasons.
Student organizations move into their temporary offices.
Student organizations offer a wide range of activities for such development.
Student organizations offer additional opportunities to grow and learn.
Student organizations offer further opportunities to pursue specialized activities.
Student organizations offer many opportunities for students to get involved on campus.
Student organizations offer real-world experience.
Student organizations offer speakers and activities related to specific majors and career areas.
Student organizations offer students an opportunity for group interactions.
Student organizations pay for each day equipment is held.
Student organizations play a vital role in meeting the many special interests of the student body.
Student organizations provide a vital role in the life of the student body.
Student organizations provide great networking opportunities.
Student organizations provide leadership opportunities and educational programs.
Student organizations provide many opportunities for students.
Student organizations provide members with leadership and event planning opportunities.
Student organizations provide numerous opportunities for leadership, exposure and social diversion.
Student organizations provide opportunities to develop interpersonal and organizational skills.
Student organizations provide rich opportunities for extracurricular development and interaction.
Student organizations provide such experience.
Student organizations provide the chance to be involved in a group with a special interest.
Student organizations publish many other special interest, advocacy, and opinion journals.
Student organizations recruit members and organize activities on the web by listserv and forums.
Student organizations refer to our office for advice, information, programs and services.
Student organizations register annually.
Student organizations reinforce classroom instruction and supplement academic learning.
Student organizations represent a variety of activities and interests.
Student organizations represent a variety of interests.
Student organizations share their spirit of giving by providing gifts fro recommended area children.
Student organizations sponsor a variety of club programs, discussions, and lectures.
Student organizations sponsor lectures, community service projects, and many other activities.
Student organizations sponsor tables and sell a wide variety of homemade food items.
Student organizations tend to lead to more cultural experiences.
Student organizations use e-mail to communicate important information to their members.
All student organizations are directly responsible to the Dean of Campus Life.
All student organizations are responsible for event evaluations of their events.
All student organizations are under the jurisdiction of the director of student activities.
All student organizations can enter a float.
All student organizations can request student fee dollars.
All student organizations follow a certain path.
All student organizations have a common goal.
All student organizations meet on-campus.
Any student organization can submit a message to run on the message boards.
Any student organization requires approval of the college administration.
Every student organization is assigned to the caseload of one Coordinator of Programs.
Every student organization is eligible for funds.
Every student organization is responsible for obtaining and retaining receipts for all expenditures.
Many student organizations collect dues or have fund-raisers to support their activities.
Many student organizations do very well without faculty leadership.
Many student organizations have offices on the third floor.
Many student organizations have two or more advisors.
Many student organizations hold holiday parties as well.
Many student organizations rent the cabin for their functions.
Many student organizations welcome guest speakers and opportunities for tours to area companies.
Most student organizations publish their organization's Web site through the Web development office.
Some student organization are campus chapters of an off campus organization.
Some student organizations are honorary societies, recognizing academic achievement.
Some student organizations have an annual membership fee.
Student orientation can be the first step to a successful college career.
Student orientation is a key point at which to make clear to students the importance of advising.
Student orientation is a shared responsibility of faculty and staff in the clinic.
Student orientation is a shared responsibility of faculty and staff on the unit.
Student protest has a long and proud tradition.
Student protests are as old as formal education.
Student protests break out across the nation.
Student protests extend to Berlin and Bonn Berlin.
Student publications are both a rarity and an honor.
Student publications are free from any official action controlling editorial policy.
Student publications are many and diverse.
Student publications are the first things people pick up when they come to a campus.
Student publications enhance teaching experimental psychology and research methods courses .
Student publications have First Amendment rights.
Student publications provide an opportunity for the sincere expression of student opinion.
Student publications provide aspiring journalists and writers with an audience.
Student publications provide practical experience in journalism.
Student radio is innovative, smart and clever.
Student ratios are high and there are a greater proportion of students with special needs.
Student ratios maximize the instructional time and the fun.
Student readers can fill out a rocket ticket and place it in the box for weekly drawings.
Student representation comes in various forms at the district level through the site facilitator.
Student representation consists of working at a local and national level.
Student representation is also helpful.
Student representation is mandatory in secondary schools and optional in elementary schools.
Student representation is needed in each of the twelve standing committees.
Student representation is provided in the structure used for the allocation of student fees.
Student representation is to be appointed by the chairperson at the beginning of each academic year.
Student representation is very important.
Student research assistants play roles.
Student research assistants play significant roles.
A student residence is a building
A student residence is a quarters
Student residences are available in some cities.
Student Residences are ideal for meeting other students and establishing friendships.
Student residences can be relatively noisy places to stay.
Student residences consist of units of six rooms with two shared bathrooms.
Student residences have computer clusters with computers that are available for use by residents.
Student residences have phones, kitchenettes and private bathrooms.
Student residences provide Ethernet and terminal room access.
Student residences provide safe, comfortable living quarters.
Student residences range in price.
All student residences offer full Internet access.
Most student residences feature separate kitchens within each apartment.
Some student residences are within two minutes walk of the school.
Student revolts are a recurring event in France.
Student rights are just as legitimate as civil rights.
Student rights are the new online hot commodity.
Student riots run along well oiled grooves.
Student sections help provide the cohesiveness that keep the instrumental ensembles together.
Student senate is a mess Debating their free lunch.
Student service is the most important thing.
Student services are available on the weekend, as well as during normal business hours.
Student services are fee-based, and are comprised of the cost of materials plus a labor charge.
Student services are welcome in the first two areas.
Student services are well organized.
Student Services can provide more information on how to register for a class.
Student services experience a plus.
Student Services Find out about admissions and registration procedures, financial aid, and more.
Student services has a program where they take care of career help for people in college.
Student services impact many areas within university academic and business functions.
Student services is another area.
Student services is one of their areas of expertise within their higher education practice.
Student services provide a list of radio and TV stations that list closures.
Student services provide the framework for the development of the student outside of the classroom.
Student services range from academic and career counseling to day care and student organizations.
Student services receives requests for referrals from business and industry to fill job openings.
All student services are accessible to students with disabilities.
All student services are available during the Summer Session.
Student societies are discipline-specific organizations sponsored by colleges or departments.
Student societies cater for almost every possible sporting and non-sporting interest.
Student societies meet to discuss everything from international relations to medieval recreation.
Student societies offer a huge range of concerts and plays open to everyone.
Student societies organize lectures and conventions.
Student speeches use and analyze evidence, proof, refutation, persuasion.
Student success depends on skills.
Student success depends on think skills.
Student support comes from several sources, with varying requirements and restrictions.
Student support costs time and money, but is also the secret of successful online learning.
Student support includes financial aid, counseling, and health services.
Student support is almost always the first item for which funds are requested in proposals.
Student support is classed income and is taxable.
Student support is competitive with peer institutions across the country.
Student support is essential to getting more funding.
Student support is needed.
Student support is our number one priority.
Student support is provided by staff at CECC and system colleges.
Student support is sought to meet community needs for life-giving blood.
Student support is the fund's number one priority.
Student support is usually available on research projects for the summer months.
Student support takes many other forms as well.
Some student support is available .
Some student support is available.
A student teacher is a college student
Student Teacher provides clear instruction and valuable feedback.
Student Teacher uses a variety on media to supplement instruction.
Student Teacher works with other professionals to achieve school mission.
Student teachers are college students.
Student teachers are due in the elementary school for the same hours as regular faculty.
Student teachers are eligible for two days or four half days for interviewing purposes only.
Student teachers are in their placements one day a week and attending methods classes on other days.
Student teachers are more marketable with an international experience.
Student teachers are on hand to assist the children during their visit.
Student teachers are responsible for being at their school a minimum of five periods daily.
Student teachers are responsible for their own transportation.
Student teachers are to act as if they are employees of the school or school district.
Student teachers assume most of the responsibility for planning and teaching classes.
Student teachers attend four full-day seminars during the semester.
Student teachers can re-assess their choice of age phase at the end of the year.
Student teachers collaborate in their triads on curriculum development and team teaching.
Student teachers critique secondary education in terms of adolescents in school settings.
Student teachers edit, revise, and question.
Student teachers explore the Pilsen neighborhood.
Student Teachers find out placements at orientation .
Student teachers follow the calendar of the buildings in which they are teaching.
Student teachers follow their assigned school's calendar regarding any vacation.
Student teachers form a community of teachers.
Student teachers have two six-week classroom placements.
Student teachers meet weekly in the Senior Seminar.
Student teachers plan, develop, and deliver units of instruction.
Student teachers practice teaching in front of their fellow students.
Student teachers practice their craft in a cooperative and supportive environment.
Student teachers provide rich opportunities for contact.
Student teachers receive an registration booklet at their orientation meeting.
Student teachers receive course credit for the practicum requirement.
Student teachers receive formal midterm and final evaluations.
Student teachers share many concerns as they begin their experience.
Student teachers share their best lesson plans, in four languages.
Student teachers stress the importance of their cooperating teachers, the ones with whom they teach.
Student teachers teach in English.
Student teachers use boiled eggs to learn about the layers of the earth.
Student teachers work in an integrated setting with a strong focus on thematic curricula.
Student teachers work on computers in the classroom.
Student teachers work with beginning students in private and group settings.
Every student teacher is required to design and implement a unit of instruction.
Most student teachers appreciate honesty, frankness, and fairness in the evaluation of their work.
Some student teachers bring badly needed technological knowledge and practices to their schools.
Student teaching allows prospective teachers to confront teaching as a career for the first time.
Student teaching can be at any of the sites.
Student teaching can be stressful, so also try to work hard to stay positive.
Student teaching can count as an instructional experience.
Student teaching consists of fifteen weeks of full-day responsibilities.
Student teaching constitutes full days of actual teaching experience for the full quarter.
Student teaching encompasses a full semester, either fall or spring.
Student teaching encompasses one full semester in the senior year.
Student teaching encompasses the third semester.
Student teaching fulfills legal requirments for initial teacher certification.
Student teaching fulfills the Cooperative Education Requirement for Secondary Education students.
Student teaching has definitive timing.
Student teaching involves full-time placement in a school setting.
Student teaching involves working with students with and without disability labels.
Student teaching is a difficult job.
Student teaching is a fall or spring semester experience.
Student teaching is a fourteen week experience divided into two seven-week blocks.
Student teaching is a full day commitment for ten to twenty weeks, depending on the student's major.
Student teaching is a full semester.
Student teaching is a full time, semester long commitment.
Student teaching is a full-time commitment for one semester.
Student teaching is a full-time commitment.
Student teaching is a full-time endeavor.
Student teaching is a full-time experience.
Student teaching is a period of professional responsibility.
Student teaching is a requirement for certification.
Student teaching is a significant aspect of teacher preparation.
Student teaching is also unique.
Student teaching is an additional semester.
Student teaching is an integral part of the clinical program.
Student teaching is another major hurdle to mid-career teacher education candidates.
Student teaching is another part of earning certification.
Student teaching is arranged at the end of the five quarters of coursework.
Student teaching is completed at one of the approved off-campus locations.
Student teaching is completed during morning hours.
Student teaching is completed during the final semester prior to graduation.
Student teaching is completed during the spring semester of the internship.
Student teaching is completed either semester of the senior year.
Student teaching is completed in the fall of the senior year.
Student teaching is completed only during the fall or spring semester.
Student teaching is considered a full load.
Student teaching is considered an important part of the house officer's training experience.
Student teaching is considered an internship.
Student teaching is divided between regular classrooms and special education settings.
Student teaching is done concurrently with course work.
Student teaching is done in a school library media center.
Student teaching is done in the bilingual teacher's own classroom.
Student teaching is done in the fall semester.
Student teaching is done in the regular classroom and the library media center.
Student teaching is done the last part of the semester.
Student teaching is equivalent to three or four full time jobs.
Student teaching is for a full semester of fifteen weeks.
Student teaching is full time for one semester including monthly seminars.
Student teaching is likely a state licensing requirement but also a degree requirement.
Student teaching is limited to seniors.
Student teaching is meant to be the culminating experience in teacher education.
Student teaching is nine weeks of the clinical semester.
Student teaching is on an all-day basis.
Student teaching is required for a full day for one semester.
Student teaching is required if the candidate has no prior student teaching experience.
Student teaching is required in all programs.
Student teaching is required in all teacher education programs.
Student teaching is required of all students preparing to teach.
Student teaching is required.
Student teaching is scheduled during either the fall or spring terms of the senior year.
Student teaching is the capstone experience for all teacher education program majors.
Student teaching is the capstone experience for the education student.
Student teaching is the capstone experience in the program of the emerging professional educator.
Student teaching is the core component of the professional semester.
Student teaching is the culminating event of the elementary teacher education preparation program.
Student teaching is the culminating experience in the teacher preparation program.
Student teaching is the culmination of the degree.
Student teaching is the culmination of the music education degree.
Student teaching is the culmination of the undergraduate teacher preparation program.
Student teaching is the entire course load for one semester.
Student teaching is the final chapter in the teacher preparation process.
Student teaching is the final field experience in program implementation.
Student teaching is the student's primary responsibility.
Student teaching is then full-time for one term.
Student teaching is twelve weeks of the clinical semester.
Student teaching is undertaken in a public school district or an intermediate unit classroom.
Student teaching is undertaken in cooperating middle and high schools, both city and suburban.
Student teaching is where a senior education major is assigned to a mentor in a school district.
Student teaching lasts for ten weeks.
Student teaching occurs for one semester, during the senior year.
Student teaching occurs near the end of the program.
Student teaching provides a full academic load for the student teacher.
Student teaching provides another opportunity to assess oral and written communication skills.
Student teaching provides one opportunity to assess a student's problem-solving skills.
Student teaching represents the culminating experience in the professional preparation of teachers.
Student teaching requires an additional semester.
Student teaching requires enormous mental, physical, and emotional energy.
Student teaching requires full day, full semester commitment of the student teachers.
Student teaching requires two full days per week of on-site work.
Student teaching takes place during fall, winter and spring quarters.
Student teaching takes place near the end of the program.
Student teachings are also a major component of the class.
Student testing is perhaps the most familiar and important of assessments.
Student time is charged by the hour.
Student time is wasted either covering ground already known, or waiting for help.
Student time sheets due in payroll office.
Most student time is spent at the assigned clerkship site.
Student tour guides conduct campus tours for prospective students and their families.
Student tours are available for both our midtown and downtown locations.
Student transportation includes thirteen buses and eleven special education vans and mini-buses.
Student transportation is provided by five buses and one mini-van.
Student transportation is self-explanatory.
Student uniforms are available in white and Black.
Student uniforms decrease behavioral problems.
Student uniforms increase academic achievement.
Student uniforms make the school a popular choice for parents.
Student Unions are notorious for making decisions on abortion without consulting their members.
Student unions sit on hunger strikes demanding more and more departments.
Student ventures contains activities and trivia questions about the northeastern United States.
Student Village is university owned and operated.
Student visa costs for scholar.
Student visa is issued to students in academic or language programs.
Student Visas are renewable after one year both in Israel and abroad.
Student visas are valid for the length of the course plus one month.
Student visas are very easy to get.
Student visas are visas.
All student visas expire.
Student voice is essential in the board of trustees.
Student voices are loud and clear with respect to all four syllabi.
Student voices carry a lot more weight than students think.
Student Voices Read why students chose distance learning.
A student is a person
Student abroad offers the opportunity to gain valuable international experience.
Student accept responsibility for all late fines.
Student accepts responsibility for substance and is released on summons.
Student accounts for undergraduate and graduate students.
Student accounts on servers contain historical digital data of student work.
Student accounts Student accounts are generally ready on the second day of classes.
Student accurately demonstrates the use of the apparatus.
Student accurately demonstrates the use of the instrument.
Student accurately describes procedures to be used with the equipment.
Student accurately displays required information in an aesthetically pleasing manner.
Student accurately displays required information.
Student accurately explains the purpose of the equipment.
Student accurately explains the purpose of the instrument.
Student accurately interprets and predicts using data.
Student accurately uses a rich variety of vocabulary and expressions.
Student acknowledges the use of information sources in communicating the product or performance.
Student acquires sense of strategy and impact of precedent on military actions.
Student actively participates in activity.
Student actively participates in warp-up activities.
Student acts appropriately and is on task most of the time.
Student acts appropriately and is on task.
Student acts in accordance with high standards of professional integrity and impartiality.
Student acts to achieve the task goal.
Student add apple to lunch sack.
Student adds detail to the drawing.
Student adds little detail to the drawing.
Student adds only one document to the new folder.
Student adds title and name.
Student adheres to the highest standards of fair and ethical behavior.
Student admits violation.
Student Advising Personal and academic counselling is available.
Student agrees to and signs a behavior contract .
Student agrees to complete the requirements before the middle of the next major semester.
Student agrees to comply with city animal control and licensing laws.
Student agrees to never share the inhaler with another person.
Student agrees to provide proper care for the cat including regular feeding and grooming.
Student also are active in athletics.
Student also create reports, forms, and graphs, and work with multiple tables.
Student also demonstrates ability to process materials from both inside and outside the classroom.
Student also develops the ability to design and lead a fitness program.
Student also has all the print queues.
Student also has the option of going to a local accountant and pay for professional help.
Student also has the option to be exempted from one or two literary periods and on literary theory.
Student also indicates which dates come first.
Student also learn about centriods and moments of inertias of various structural shapes.
Student also learn about the Hispanic world and culture.
Student also learn from group student presentations.
Student also learn to interpret travel trends for business application.
Student also learns a Japanese writing system.
Student also learns about the German world and culture.
Student also needs an internship in a cytotechnology school to be a cytotechnologist.
Student also organizes thesis exhibition.
Student also practice study design and implementation via a quality assurance project.
Student also receieve a small weekly stipend.
Student also report that they are having a difficult time balancing their jobs and their studies.
Student also study the theory of prosthodontics and the study of dental anatomy.
Student also take compulsory research methods courses.
Student also works the window.
Student answers one out of two questions.
Student answers questions about the graph.
Student answers questions accurately and with detail.
Student answers questions correctly and thoroughly without hesitation.
Student answers questions with some hesitation and lack of detail.
Student answers some questions about the project.
Student answers two out of four questions.
Student appears to struggle to keep pace with the class.
Student applies concepts in nursing practice in the clinical setting.
Student applies for admission after successful completion of Learning Assessment Seminar.
Student applies for admission.
Student applies for aid from the home school and pays fees to the home school.
Student applies for and is admitted to a graduate program in the same field of study.
Student applies information to another similar context.
Student applies information to critical thinking and problem-solving situations.
Student applies math rules correctly when computing or working through a problem.
Student applies mathematical principals and operations to solve problems.
Student applies mathematical principles and operations to solve problems.
Student applies on-line and transfers the application fee.
Student applies problem solving techniques to arrive at the solution to a technological problem.
Student applies problem-solving techniques to arrive at the solution to a technological problem.
Student applies the information using critical thinking and problem solving skills.
Student applies to program head.
Student applies what has been learned to classroom settings.
Student applies what is learned through a series of practical projects.
Student apply what they have learned in the classroom.
Student apply what they have learned in the preceding lessons on writing with a persuasive aim.
Student appreciate that diversity deepens and enriches their world perspective.
Student appreciates that the skills gained in information competence enable lifelong learning.
Student approaches to learning .
Student approaches to learning and studying .
Student approaches to learning and studying.
Student Approaches to Learning and Studying.
Student are able to continue work on their production in the afternoon, if desired.
Student are able to experience math with many hands-on projects to complete throughout the year.
Student are able to observe parturition, take physiological measurements, and observe behavior.
Student are able to see class room lectures become reality.
Student are also able to participate in community service as part of their fieldwork.
Student are basic lab skills and equipment.
Student are eligible to take the test only once.
Student are financially responsible for loss or damage to items checked out in their name.
Student are more rested, less moody and receiving better grade.
Student are prepared to work and live in multicultural settings.
Student are responsible for getting information that was missed for absences.
Student are responsible for getting to and from campus.
Student are responsible for knowing the material .
Student are responsible for notifying their parents or the individuals paying their bills.
Student are responsible for their registration and any subsequent withdrawal from classes.
Student are valid if it is indicated on the list of students that was made by the faculty.
Student are welcome to come in most days before or after school for addtional help.
Student are welcome.
Student argues and complains.
Student arrives at a typically English home and is greeted by hostess.
Student arrives at accurate and reasonable solutions in a variety of situations.
Student arrives in class after roll is taken.
Student arrives on time and attends all of class.
Student asks for clarification, volunteers infrequently and needs to be called on.
Student asks only pertinent questions.
Student asks question.
Student asks questions during discussion.
Student asks questions when appropriate.
Student asks questions which are appropriate and which stimulate discussion.
Student asks questions which clarify the subject matter.
Student asks that school be found in contempt.
Student assess the technological options available to enhance teaching a specific course.
Student assumes responsibility as a project director or assistant project director.
Student attempts the task but the response is incorrect, irrelevant, or inappropriate.
Student attempts to assemble a component.
Student attempts to describe the evolution of a supernova.
Student attempts to identify operational and content-related limitations of the software .
Student attempts to locate plants on diagram.
Student attempts to organize writing logically.
Student attends all appropriate conferences, is attentive and asks appropriate questions.
Student attends class but arrives late.
Student attends class regularly and is on time.
Student attends college part-time.
Student attends Co-op orientation.
Student attends daily clinical and teaching conferences.
Student attends just one week.
Student attends most clinics, tumor boards, and special departmental conferences.
Student attends one lesson per week.
Student attends safety and training classes during work term as required.
Student attends two, three, or four days per week, according to a pre-arranged schedule.
Student authenticates to university security system.
Student based learning outcomes can aid in students assessing themselves.
Student basically produces a monologue.
Student become members by joining the chapter at the school where they are enrolled.
Student becomes a member of an invaluable work force.
Student becomes angry or sad for no apparent or obvious reason.
Student becomes familiar with special terms and definitions used in computer-assisted drafting.
Student becomes proficient in creation and modification of spreadsheets.
Student becomes proficient in use and interpretation of diagnostic tests.
Student Begin the process the semester preceding the internship.
Student begins and completes project during the regular academic term.
Student begins attending program.
Student begins data collection.
Student begins preparation of thesis.
Student begins preparation on project.
Student begins repayment of principal and interest six months after leaving school.
Student begins small design projects leading to final project of complete light plot.
Student begins to abuse alcohol and other drugs, or exhibits other high-risk behaviors.
Student begins to be tested on basic clinical radiation therapy skills.
Student begins to be tested on basic radiation therapy skills.
Student begins to match one one spoken to printed word.
Student begins work.
Student Being a student is job and it's a full-time job.
Student belongs to special education.
Student blown without none science instead load rebecca callard.
Student blows between the two sheets of paper.
Student borrows a single cassette.
Student brainstorm the name for their newspaper.
Student brings computer disk to testing site.
Student brings own guitar-nylon string guitar preferred to first class.
Student brings petition to appropriate dean for consideration.
Student builds words using affixes and roots.
Student calls outside member, who is tenured, high profile faculty.
Student calls toll-free number for information or for an application.
Student can access from anywhere using Outlook Web Access.
Student can add a map of their explorer's expeditions to their oral presentation.
Student can add drops of vinegar to to either without too much mess.
Student can also enroll and register on that day if they choose.
Student can also enter information about themselves into a graduates database.
Student can also lean more about applications of different materials.
Student can also observe the graphical interpretation of scalar multiplication of vector.
Student can also participate in a ride-along program.
Student can also use data sets they have already acquired.
Student can also volunteer as actors.
Student can also work following their first year of law school.
Student can analyze and solve simple problems involving geometric figures or situations.
Student can answer questions accurately.
Student can answer questions when prompted.
Student can apply for a userid electronically by visiting one of the open computer labs on campus.
Student can ask the other children to give the beginning sound for something in their picture.
Student can attain Associate degrees and professional certificates in a variety of fields.
Student can begin working as soon as they arrive on campus.
Student can call the school for assignments.
Student can change permeability of membrane for gas molecules.
Student can change the initial temperature and see the process of evaporation.
Student can change the temperature of heater and cooler, start and stop the process.
Student can change their address several ways.
Student can choose a male or a female voice.
Student can choose background and font colors.
Student can choose between German, French, Latin or Ancient Greek.
Student can choose degree of difficulty.
Student can choose game and age level to play.
Student can choose number of questions.
Student can choose the length of stripes by mouse and observe means' values.
Student can choose the temperature of gas and program calculates the velocities distribution.
Student can choose to complete their Ph.D. thesis at either institution.
Student can chose the velocities of the source and observer and observe the effects.
Student can click on specific areas and view the monuments located there.
Student can communicate effectively about mathematics.
Student can communicate with the instructor through email.
Student can compute with and understand the meaning of integers, fractions, and decimals.
Student can compute with and understand the meaning of whole numbers, fractions, and decimals.
Student can construct and interpret graphs.
Student can contact the employer directly via an email address or web-link.
Student can correctly cite Web resources in appropriate style.
Student can create a dialogue between two opposing characters in a story.
Student can create beads, covered boxes, ornaments and pins.
Student can cut along their folds and then try to fit the pieces onto the other drum.
Student can decorate as desired.
Student can define philosophy.
Student can describe a real application of on-screen digitizing.
Student can differentiate between material that is out of date or relevant.
Student can draw conclusions and demonstrate relationships about their health and well-being.
Student can easily apply the concepts and develop more comfort in class.
Student can easily type on a computer keyboard.
Student can easily understand the relevance, use, and importance of the material to be presented.
Student can elect to do less work in the course in exchange for a lower grade.
Student can enrol at any time throughout the year.
Student can enroll for any stage or for each stage in subsequent semesters.
Student can enroll in classes and pay fees.
Student can enter any function of x parameter.
Student can estimate and judge the reasonableness of answers.
Student can evaluate the effectiveness of artwork in terms of design elements and principles.
Student can exit anytime.
Student can expect to gain knowledge of administration of a non-profit organization.
Student can explain the different body parts.
Student can find places on the Internet to which they can submit their original writing.
Student can gain access to other international relations students and student groups.
Student can get immediate visual feedback on the range.
Student can give a judgement that is justifiable.
Student can give an educated judgement without explanation.
Student can give an example of each of the three types of operation.
Student can graph their data from the bubble experiment.
Student can help by drawing pictures and the adult can write key words to label the pictures.
Student can help in designing class philosophy.
Student can identify a place, person, activity, and idea for at least one interest group.
Student can immediately start painting or drawing.
Student can interact as appropriate.
Student can judge the validity of quantitative results presented by others.
Student can learn and work with multi-step algorithms for computing.
Student can learn to play a wonderful music, without any stress.
Student can leave the question blank.
Student can listen to each card at best sound volume without disturbing others.
Student can make a whole comic strip style with many characters.
Student can make selection.
Student can make sure that all salts are strong electrolytes.
Student can only be eligible for one scholarship.
Student can only communicate that the air under the parachute hold it open.
Student can only take the exam once per semester.
Student can only work in the Washington-Baltimore area.
Student can open the shipment, check invoice, tattle tape, property stamp, and bar-code the books.
Student can operate program independently.
Student can participate in online assignments and online chats .
Student can perform basic algebraic operations.
Student can pick up applications and information about campus leadership positions.
Student can predict the beginning of another growth cycle for plants.
Student can present a form requesting month, day and year.
Student can proofread effectively.
Student can purchase for spouse and children.
Student can pursue marketing topics of interest.
Student can read the current messages.
Student can recognize and understand concepts related to linear functions.
Student can recognize and use standard English.
Student can record and listen to their own voice saying the word.
Student can retrieve file.
Student can review each chapter on the disc taking the pop quizzes and tests.
Student can schedule working hours around classes and exams.
Student can see phases in motion.
Student can see the graph of parametric curve.
Student can select from the concept list for topics of research.
Student can select number of teams.
Student can sign out a practice room while they wait for an ensemble room to open up.
Student can solve a variety of equations, inequalities, and systems of equations.
Student can solve a variety of real world problems.
Student can start the course at any time.
Student can stop the clock at any point at which time the clock is also shown digitally.
Student can submit a resume online to the employer.
Student can submit requests at anytime during the academic year.
Student can subscribe to a mailing list to receive the lastest information of the class.
Student can take more if they wish.
Student can talk about things which are often difficult to talk about outside of group.
Student can then click on a quiz xection for review.
Student can then go in the practice room, load a sequence, and practice along.
Student can then trace the letter with their fingers.
Student can use clip art images to create their rebuses.
Student can use interviews or sit in on actual meetings.
Student can use own ideas in original written packages.
Student can use print easily for all academic, nonacademic, and vocational needs.
Student can use the books at the library.
Student can use the Internet, interviews, or brochures to get information for reports.
Student can use the touch system on the computer keyboard.
Student can view their own computer or switch to view the teacher's computer.
Student can wait for parents under the protective shelter.
Student can walk in for medical care and health information.
Student can work on final design for review.
Student can work with and understand the meaning of ratios, rates, proportions, and percents.
Student can write narrative to support graphing and put graphs on a poster.
Student can write, edit, shoot photos, do layouts or sell advertising.
Student carefully holds the dry ice with protective gloves.
Student carries at least six cases.
Student carries case load in counseling center and is supervised by mental health professionals.
Student carries case load in counseling center and is supervised by mental-health professionals.
Student carries out job duties under the supervision of the employer and a faculty advisor.
Student check out of equipment.
Student check out of materials is limited to scheduled times.
Student checks out new laptop from helpdesk.
Student choose a project, design a protocol, perform an experiment and report their findings.
Student choose from the following options.
Student chooses extinct or endangered species from a provided list.
Student chooses techniques, firing temperature.
Student chooses to engage adult by using appropriate behavior.
Student chooses topic.
Student chooses two of the three projects offered in a given term.
Student clearly demonstrates e-school enhances self directed learning.
Student clearly identifies objects describing a target language color word.
Student clearly provides tips of what students can do to fight bullying.
Student clicks a link or a record button on the web page.
Student clicks each of the musical example icons to hear violins playing various types of music.
Student clicks on the correct version.
Student clicks the next button in the menu bar to bring up the viola window.
Student clicks the sound icon beside the name viola for pronunciation.
Student clicks the sound icon beside the name violin for pronunciation.
Student closes eyes and free falls into group.
Student closes window.
Student collaborates with instrumentalists and vocalists from other studios as assigned.
Student collaborates with others in making decisions and solving problems.
Student collaborates with professionals in a healthcare setting.
Student Come from selfish motives .
Student come to the counseling center with a range of problems.
Student comes and goes but the owner is always there.
Student comes to campus only for class.
Student communicates ideas to others in sophisticated ways.
Student communicates ideas.
Student communicates some of the interrelationships of Piagetian concepts.
Student compete locally solving math problems.
Student complains of blurry or double vision or there is any other vision impairment.
Student complains of chest discomfort.
Student completes a color sheet of a whale.
Student completes a number of plans that utilize all major treatment techniques.
Student completes a proposal for a project on a topic in radiologic technology.
Student completes a written project and gives an oral presentation.
Student completes all required tasks on time and with a maximum effort.
Student completes five annotations, either the even or odd numbers.
Student completes four years in a single language at the high school level.
Student completes mandatory tobacco education program.
Student completes one or two backloops, and a delta track.
Student completes online application .
Student completes research study and report under direction of graduate instructor.
Student completes the intervention under the direction of the program area.
Student completes the items below.
Student completes visa application.
Student composes responses and post to the listserv.
Student comprehends the message but gives an inaccurate or irrelevant response.
Student comprehends the message.
Student comprehends the political process.
Student concentrates on technique and repertory commensurate with student's current ability.
Student conduct consistent with professional standards and ethics.
Student conducts a scientific investigation under faculty supervision.
Student conducts independent experiments.
Student conducts research and confers regularly with the instructor.
Student confirms availability and location of an item for purchase.
Student confirms internship with a given agency and outlines specific duties and projects.
Student consistently chooses realistic objectives.
Student consistently demonstrates inaccuracy when reading.
Student consistently evaluates, represents and interprets in multiple patterns and functions.
Student consistently participates voluntarily.
Student consistently performs at an acceptable level in all areas.
Student consistently pronounces target language color words accurately.
Student consistently shows independent thinking in written work and class discussion.
Student constructs hypothesis.
Student constructs six types of seal and designs and carries out a project.
Student consults the instructor initially and for periodic progress reviews.
Student contacts the preceptor to confirm the arrangements.
Student contacts the professor who teaches the class.
Student contacts the sponsor and interviews for position.
Student continually submits sub-standard work.
Student continues academic study.
Student continues reading as Teacher enters.
Student continues to learn to grade activities.
Student continues to stare offstage.
Student continues until each word is traced.
Student contributes significantly as a dancer or choreographic assistant on department productions.
Student controlled - Students determine pathways through the program.
Student Controlled Interactive multimedia allows students to control their learning process.
Student coordinate the event and assist in livestock, horse, dairy and meat contests.
Student coordinates tasks with team members and shares responsibility for group work.
Student correctly calculates the class top five, .
Student correctly identifies the source of the outbreak.
Student correctly lists problems and solutions found in the article as parallel lists.
Student correctly spells most words when writing.
Student Counselling All upper secondary institutions have a number of counsellors.
Student covers Confederate flag with poster.
Student create photo vocabulary journal.
Student create their own poem using themselves.
Student create their own solutions to technological problems.
Student created game based on a web-can include mammals, insects, birds, plants, and microorganisms.
Student created worksheets Have students create worksheets to challenge their classmates.
Student creates a multi-tabled business database project.
Student creates a pseudo-bonsai and a hypertufa trough.
Student creates accurate data chart and graph.
Student creates and interprets graphs.
Student creates graph and interprets it correctly.
Student creates similar problems.
Student creates thesis or dissertation using standard word processing package.
Student Creations Our students' work, posted on the Internet.
Student creatively uses software for personally defined purposes.
Student criticizes coverage of sleep-induced car crash.
Student cuts out folds on dotted line, and sews around except for heel.
Student debates on selected issues and search for a middle ground.
Student decide on a final class project each semester.
Student declares major.
Student deduces key information from authentic documents.
Student deepens knowledge and skills of particular dual concentration.
Student defends thesis or dissertation.
Student defines a manageable focus and reasonable timeline to obtain the information.
Student defines a manageable focus and timeline.
Student defines objectives to extend knowledge in a specialized area of dietetics.
Student demonstrate a sound understanding of the nature and operation of technology systems.
Student demonstrates a basic understanding of the rules of English in the written form.
Student demonstrates a firm grasp of mathematical ideas and processes.
Student demonstrates a grasp of the general organization of the subject mater.
Student demonstrates a partial grasp of mathematical ideas and concepts.
Student demonstrates a satisfactory grasp of subject matter.
Student demonstrates a thorough and complete understanding of the subject.
Student demonstrates ability in one or none of the benchmarks. . . .
Student demonstrates an above average understanding of the subject.
Student demonstrates an average understanding of the material.
Student demonstrates an average understanding of the materials.
Student demonstrates an average understanding of the subject.
Student demonstrates an excellent and thorough understanding of the subject.
Student demonstrates appropriate written communication skills.
Student demonstrates below average understanding of the subject and has completed all assignments.
Student demonstrates creativity through style, organization, and development of content.
Student demonstrates creativity.
Student demonstrates efficient work habits.
Student demonstrates honesty, loyalty, and integrity.
Student demonstrates how to make elephant toothpaste.
Student demonstrates knowledge about the geography of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula.
Student demonstrates knowledge of greeting and leave-taking practices.
Student demonstrates knowledge of trade routes and trade goods in Africa, Eurasia and Europe.
Student demonstrates leadership skills, when appropriate.
Student demonstrates limited knowledge in problems involving geometric figures or situations.
Student demonstrates little understanding of the mathematical ideas and processes.
Student demonstrates mastery in understanding the structural features of variety of literary forms.
Student demonstrates minimal understanding of subject matter.
Student demonstrates near total familiarity with the readings.
Student demonstrates no understanding of subject matter.
Student demonstrates no understandng of the mathematical ideas and processes.
Student demonstrates only surface understanding of concepts taught.
Student demonstrates partial understanding of content.
Student demonstrates research skills Very few research information sources are listed.
Student demonstrates skill at resolving conflicts by negotiating solutions.
Student demonstrates some knowledge of business concepts.
Student demonstrates some level of proficient social skills within classroom and community.
Student demonstrates that information was learned in a superficial or rote manner.
Student demonstrates that the presentation has been rehearsed.
Student demonstrates the ability to be a selective consumer.
Student demonstrates the skill to format medical reports.
Student demonstrates the skill to use resource materials effectively.
Student demonstrates thorough understanding of content.
Student demonstrates through works of art, music, drama, etc.
Student demonstrates, with minor exceptions, a grasp of mathematical ideas and processes.
Student describes how man and environment effect each other.
Student describes how that item can be kept out of a landfill.
Student describes personal issue of leisure time.
Student describes the physical characteristics of the place that make it unique from any other.
Student describes the picture.
Student describes the weather verbally.
Student designed notes are preferable to store bought.
Student designs a curricular project that can be used during the induction year of teaching.
Student designs a project centered on a communication problem, issue or principle.
Student develop and compile all the information for each edition.
Student develop large software systems by distributing the work among team members.
Student develop skills in speech writing, testimony preparation, public communication and more.
Student develop their listening skills through lecture and small group problem solving.
Student develop, manipulate, and query public domain data to ask questions and get answers.
Student develops a main idea related to the topic and supports it with the sources.
Student develops a project under the direction of the graduate major adviser.
Student develops beginning to low intermediate level modern dance skills.
Student develops corresponding lesson plan.
Student develops personal learning objectives for concrete achievement.
Student develops premise using sufficient and appropriate citations.
Student develops project, conducts research, and confers regularly with the instructor.
Student develops skills for formulating searches to achieve desired results.
Student develops strategy for procedures, optimizes experiment conditions, and evaluates results.
Student develops the ability to speak and pronounce elementary Hebrew.
Student develops the character as a realistic and essential part of the story.
Student dies from self-inflicted gunshot wound .
Student Directed - students explore a genetic disease of choice using the outlined rubric.
Student directs a final project.
Student discover important properties as they experiment in ways that make math make sense.
Student discovers special needs for fitness to maintain health and vigor throughout a lifetime.
Student displays a better than cursory understanding of their sociological progress.
Student displays an increased skill for written and oral communication.
Student displays an overall understanding and interest in the task at hand.
Student displays the product, process and record keeping of their home industry.
Student dives from aircraft, completes a left and right turn, a back loop, and a delta track.
Student do have an appeal process.
Student does fieldwork log, which is submitted to the supervisor.
Student does first emergency landing with power loss at low level.
Student does nothing.
Student does participate twice in the discussion.
Student does poorly in English interview.
Student does scientific research on a topic that is agreed upon by both faculty advisor and student.
Student does what is required, but nothing more.
Student draws a picture that shows how to get the right answer.
Student draws on classroom experiences to apply political science in project of own choice.
Student draws the dowel straight up from tray.
Student dress up in their vest and headbands.
Student driven learning encompasses decisions around knowledge, resources and group dynamics.
Student drives back to school.
Student drops a class.
Student drops card and continues.
Student eagerly talks with many details of the experimentation.
Student earn free recess time when they get green flags every day of the week.
Student earns points for each of the assignments as indicated.
Student earns three credits in politics and three credits in art.
Student easily answers audience questions but fails to provide thorough supporting details.
Student easily relates theory and readings to praxis.
Student eat two meals a day with the family and participate in normal family activities.
Student eat, sleep, and feel good.
Student elects the partial payment plan.
Student elicits further information.
Student encounters cosmic questions while writing biography of great biographer.
Student engage others and help in their preparation for the trial.
Student engaged time is the time students spend actively engaged in learning.
Student engages in external blaming.
Student engages in field observation and placement in a public or private nonprofit agency.
Student enters Roman numerals of the progression using the typewriter keyset.
Student establishes personal style and direction and perfects skills.
Student evaluates software of instructional purposes.
Student evaluates the appropriateness of a variety of resource materials for a specific task.
Student evaluates the process and the product.
Student examine the environmental context in which administrative and community practice occurs.
Student examine their own assumption, beliefs and practices.
Student examine their personal attitudes about dance and their own dance traditions.
Student examines a slide under the microscope.
Student exercises on dominant and recessive alleles.
Student exhibits a strong understanding of the concepts being covered.
Student exhibits an incomplete understanding of the data.
Student exhibits good character.
Student exhibits major flaws in content knowledge.
Student exhibits minor behavior problems.
Student exhibits strong preference for tactual exploration and learning.
Student expects to get the best.
Student explains how the solution was obtained.
Student explains symbol, motif and theme in the novel.
Student explores many ideas and writes with great detail.
Student explores some ideas and leaves out detail.
Student expresses appropriate greetings to a friend on special occasions.
Student expresses degrees of preference or dislike for school.
Student expresses familiarity with the environment, and plant and animal life.
Student expresses logical opinions about symbol, motif and theme.
Student expresses logical opinions about the importance each plot element plays in the story.
Student expresses no opinions about symbol, motif or theme.
Student expresses no opinions about the importance of each plot element.
Student expresses no opinions about the importance of personality traits.
Student expresses thanks.
Student extends hand toward finished box, then hand over hand placement of spoon into box.
Student extends hand toward milk.
Student extends hand toward napkin.
Student extends hand toward spoon then hand over hand assistance for picking up spoon.
Student fails .
Student fails address the geographical facts and appropriate application of skills.
Student fails the exam and is removed from the Ph.D. program.
Student fails the minimum passing rate standard.
Student fails to demonstrate any evidence of knowledge or comprehension.
Student fails to identify relevant law.
Student fails to meet with professor.
Student fails to participate appropriately in class.
Student fails to reach a satisfactory level.
Student fails to read assigned texts.
Student feed off of one another.
Student feels powerless.
Student feels wrong classes being eliminated .
Student fills out an appeals form.
Student fills out form and obtains advisor's signature.
Student finds a mentor who can provide the desired cross-over training.
Student finds a thesis director and reader to form their thesis committee.
Student finds all pictures of the frog life cycle and can retell all the parts of the cycle.
Student finds all the pictures of the life cycle and uses other sites on the web.
Student finds employer willing to participate in program.
Student finds the two books and compares the information.
Student finishes components with no mathematical errors.
Student finishes nothing and has no desire to try.
Student finishes TBA class and achieves required competencies to articulate class.
Student flows between Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and Great Britain.
Student focuses on realistic projects.
Student follow the methanolysis using a scintillation counter.
Student Follow Up Research the following slopes.
Student follow up responses recorded on the designated forms located in appendix.
Student follows any necessary policies and procedures for obtaining challenge credit .
Student follows any necessary policies and procedures for obtaining transfer credit.
Student follows direction given by teacher model.
Student follows directions, shows a reasonable grasp of the subject matter for the college level.
Student follows directions.
Student follows few directions.
Student forgets steps in an algorithm.
Student formulates appropriate research questions.
Student formulates paper on evaluation of instruction.
Student furnishes off-campus living and traveling expenses.
Student gain access to the residence halls using the card key access system for each building.
Student gain knowledge and proficiency as they move through the career pathway.
Student gains a better understanding of recursion.
Student gains a mastery of additional skills in editing and specialty document creation.
Student gains an understanding of how and why artists make decisions in the creative process.
Student gains an understanding of the features that have been updated from one version to the next.
Student gains practical experience in the disciplines of commercial or fine art.
Student gains real-world experience of intended career before complete commitment.
Student generalizes on how to do the experiment.
Student generally works on campus and receives bi-weekly paycheck.
Student generated projects are possible.
Student generated projects are welcome.
Student generated questions are the backbone of liberal arts education.
Student generates recombinant viruses which can express large amounts of foreign protein.
Student get to keep their microcontroller and hand tools.
Student gets to a web page.
Student gets verbal and written feedback from supervisor about level and accuracy of understanding.
Student gives adequate responses.
Student gives classroom commands and responds appropriately to commands given by others.
Student gives rich responses.
Student gives the evaluation form to supervisor for completion.
Student gives uninvited comments, misunderstands frequently and talks at inappropriate times.
Student gives up easily, or shuts down before the homework or schoolwork is completed.
Student goes back and forth from right to left chest for comparison in percussion.
Student goes back and forth from right to left chest for comparison on auscultation.
Student goes beyond expectations of assignment.
Student goes to college 'almost for free' For immediate release. . .
Student graduates with emphasis in accounting.
Student greets others and makes introductions.
Student grouping for instruction is routinely by single grade configuration.
Student guesses a number the computer has chosen.
Student guided tours are available throughout the year.
Student handbooks fd.
Student handles own arrangements.
Student has a basic understanding of course content.
Student has a beginning understanding of the logical order of a brief.
Student has a clear visual aid to accompany Newscast.
Student has a complete understanding of how the flashlight works.
Student has a comprehensive understanding of course content.
Student has a developing understanding of the logical order of a brief.
Student has a general understanding how the flashlight works.
Student has a goal of personal enrichment and is only taking personal enrichment courses.
Student has a high grade point average.
Student has a limited range of strategies in reading and understanding texts.
Student has a photographic memory, but the lens cover is glued on.
Student has a program for personal physical fitness.
Student has ability to close off closures while decisions are made.
Student has ADD and learning disabilities.
Student has all appropriate materials.
Student has an accomplished understanding of the logical order of a brief.
Student has an adequate understanding of the issues discussed.
Student has an awkward or uncomfortable grip.
Student has an E-meter.
Student has an excellent understanding of how meaning is constructed and conveyed in texts.
Student has an exemplary understanding of the importance of the logical order of a brief.
Student has art project to accompany presentation.
Student has baccalaureate degree.
Student has college transfer credit in a foreign language.
Student has computer access to monitor their account.
Student has content on local machine.
Student has control over rate of presentation.
Student has difficult in reading a variety of print styles or print on colored background.
Student has difficulty answering particular types of questions, e.g., why or which.
Student has difficulty answering questions and offering details.
Student has difficulty associating math symbols with the concepts they represent.
Student has difficulty breathing.
Student has difficulty concentrating and complains of feeling tired or bored.
Student has difficulty copying from the board or overhead.
Student has difficulty doing oral drills.
Student has difficulty holding and using utensils.
Student has difficulty identifying relationships between revelant information.
Student has difficulty learning how to type on the computer.
Student has difficulty maintaining attention to steps in algorithms or problem solving.
Student has difficulty making deadlines, e.g. getting assignments in on time.
Student has difficulty performing either the defragmentation or scanning of the hard drive.
Student has difficulty solving multi-step word problems.
Student has difficulty telling time.
Student has difficulty typing on a computer keyboard.
Student has difficulty understanding longer more complex sentences.
Student has difficulty using a number line.
Student has difficulty writing across the paper in a straight line.
Student has difficulty writing letters quickly and easily.
Student has direct supervision of an experienced nurse.
Student has entire term to complete.
Student has excellent eye contact and good posture is used.
Student has fever or chills.
Student has great difficulty staying on-task even with daily reminders.
Student has knowledge of plate tetonics and plate movements.
Student has low self-esteem.
Student has no checklists, just one checklist, or one that is from another source.
Student has no open degree program.
Student has no PIN number or PIN number is suspended.
Student has no recall.
Student has no specific plans to return home after study.
Student has no understanding.
Student has option of paying by semester or on a quarterly basis.
Student has option to select a processing or selection-identification lab.
Student has PIN number that is suspended.
Student has poor sense of sentence structure and limited vocabulary.
Student has poor social skills.
Student has problems transferring concepts learned in the math classroom to real life situations.
Student has second direct teaching experience.
Student has senior standing.
Student has strong grasp of grammar and vocabulary.
Student has strong grasp of grammar, spelling, and vocabulary.
Student has the ability to consider more than one answer to any item.
Student has the ability to incorporate safety considerations into solutions.
Student has the ability to organize, synthesize, and apply information in a logical form.
Student has the ability to select or develop an appropriate correlation and use it properly.
Student has the opportunity to pursue independent work under the direction of a faculty member.
Student has the option to defer accrued interest.
Student has three graphics that illustrate bullying problems and are appropriate for the web site.
Student has to actively process the course materials to submit responses.
Student has to choose the right clothing and click on it.
Student has to click on the right part of the body.
Student has to complete sentences similar in content.
Student has to have a permission of the instructor to register for the on-line course.
Student has to live in Rochester, but can go to school somewhere else.
Student has to memorize the location of each word.
Student has to pay for transportation from USA to Guatemala.
Student has to purchase materials for ornament selected.
Student has to select the 'Start' button inroder to enter the template.
Student has to study, has to encounter the accused, alleged perpetrator.
Student has trouble applying rules to solve a problem, such as the rules for borrowing or carrying.
Student has trouble following a schedule, e.g. remembering what to do for school or when to do it.
Student has trouble knowing if a rule or procedure is required to solve a problem.
Student has two or more moving citations within one calendar year.
Student has two weeks from semester's end to complete course requirements.
Student has ultimate responsibility.
Student has unclear goals when working with the software .
Student has unique choices.
Student has up to seven years to repay loan in service or ten years to repay loan in cash.
Student has up to ten years to repay the loan.
Student has uploaded picture to web page.
Student has well organized ideas, excellent paragraph structure.
Student hate nothing more than to be treated unfairly.
Student have a right to be challenged and learn while they are at school.
Student have access to a telephone and office supplies.
Student have access to all of our facilities and equipment.
Student have access to e-mail, the Internet, and word processing software.
Student have access to email.
Student have access to powerful work stations and requisite software.
Student have free use of all facilities.
Student have POPmail accounts.
Student have the opportunity to mix and match the required sessions they attend.
Student have the opportunity to participate in an internship during their advanced training.
Student have thus access to all resources on campus as well as outside from their lab bench.
Student have to solve the challenge before they can continue their trip to the valley.
Student have to take the three scheduled tests and comprehensive final examination.
Student have to work at least one mini-project at the conclusion of course.
Student have to work on at least one mini-project at the conclusion of course.
Student have to write a five-paragraph theme to pass.
Student hears static or buzzing on their line.
Student Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Student help desk - software queries.
Student helps care for an injured hawk at a wildlife rehabilitation program.
Student helps produce local concerts, public affairs program, and special programs for broadcast.
Student highlights the part to work on and chooses the next step.
Student hits other children on the playground.
Student hold up response.
Student holds pen or pencil comfortably.
Student holds spoon while wheeled to table.
Student holds the stick of the bow with left hand and draws the bow.
Student horizontally extends writing arm out in front of self, making a fist.
Student ID in the SID field.
Student ID no.
Student identifies the workings of democracy and contributes service and responsible citizenship.
Student identifies their behavior.
Student identify activities they like.
Student identify teeth they have lost.
Student ignores music notation unless reminded frequently to incorporate dynamics and phrasing.
Student immediately loses use of the funds deducted.
Student improve within lots haste after twist dallas cowboys watch.
Student improve within lots haste after twist dunlop tennis balls.
Student includes a summary of how to collect data.
Student includes grading grid with essay.
Student includes the completed evaluation sheet in the report.
Student includes very few vocabulary terms and is uncomfortable with information.
Student incorrectly pronounces most words correctly.
Student incorrectly pronounces terms.
Student independently studies a topic in biology under the supervision of a faculty member.
Student indicates first, second, and third choice of anchor school in the application process.
Student indicates intended major or majors and pursues appropriate courses.
Student indicates intent to transfer to a four-year institution.
Student indicates Web distribution choice.
Student initiates individual field research projects using ethnographic techniques.
Student inside takes the GPS and using it locates the hidden object.
Student integrates information resources into academic discourse.
Student integrates pastoral care practicum with prior and concurrent course work.
Student introduces guest to class.
Student introduces guest to the teacher and gives the teacher the guest's business card.
Student investigates speed as an important variable regarding force of an impact.
Student involved in journalism learn how to be the best in their field.
Student is a Bloomington native.
Student is a candidate for a hospitality management-related degree.
Student is a citizen or permanent resident of the United States.
Student is a full participant and is willing to lead, when asked.
Student is a full-time employee of a public school district in a position requiring certification.
Student is a high school graduate.
Student is a language learner.
Student is a little scattered, but information is easy to follow.
Student is a member of the team.
Student is a noble word, dating back to the Latin and meaning one who studies.
Student is a passive listener rather than an active participant in class.
Student is a veteran with at least two years active military service.
Student is able to add and change content and ideas in a first draft.
Student is able to add two shortcuts to the desktop and add two items to the Start Menu.
Student is able to address case-related questions with appropriate elaboration.
Student is able to answer only rudimentary questions.
Student is able to apply most of the facts to a specific assigned situation.
Student is able to capture audience majority of the time through eye contact and personal voice.
Student is able to capture audience through eye contact and personal voice.
Student is able to communicate a socially acceptable image to others.
Student is able to communicate how the parts of a kite work.
Student is able to communicate many of the differences that they see in the pictures of the bats.
Student is able to communicate most of the differences that they see in the pictures of the bats.
Student is able to communicate one of the differences that they see in the pictures of the bats.
Student is able to communicate some of the differences that they see in the pictures of the bats.
Student is able to communicate that the air under the parachute holds it open and slows it down.
Student is able to demonstrate the processes of updating hyperlinks and spell checking the web site.
Student is able to do all computer activities on their own.
Student is able to do all word processing activities on their own.
Student is able to explain reasons based on information.
Student is able to follow an assignment schedule.
Student is able to form new views based on the integration of new knowledge with prior knowledge.
Student is able to identify the body systems and describe their functions.
Student is able to initiate friendships or interactions in an indirect manner.
Student is able to locate one of the bat species on their map and label it correctly.
Student is able to make appropriate connections between subject responses and Piagetian stages.
Student is able to make connections between various components of the class.
Student is able to make predictions using the graph.
Student is able to make some connections between subject responses and Piagetian stages.
Student is able to make weather predictions based on maps.
Student is able to pace the sequence of events related to the development of a friendship.
Student is able to partially express reasons why a plot element is impossible.
Student is able to perform musically and with technical proficiency.
Student is able to plot data on a map, only.
Student is able to plot data, but field map constructions are inaccurate.
Student is able to provide substantial detail.
Student is able to read and follow complex stitch diagrams.
Student is able to reason from a set of facts.
Student is able to resolve problems or conflicts without resorting to aggression.
Student is able to take the perspective of another, to see how other people are feeling or thinking.
Student is able to use a variety of learned expressions to provide detail.
Student is accepted by sponsoring dealership.
Student is active in class discussion, usually well prepared, and occasionally insightful.
Student is admitted contingent upon successful completion of the prerequisites listed below.
Student is admitted for one semester only.
Student is advised to complete a minor in another science or in mathematics.
Student is also to evaluate on any problems faced and any improvement that can be made.
Student is always attentive, participates in all activities and volunteers from time to time.
Student is always prepared and strongly contributes to the group learning process.
Student is an active leader and participant in group discussions and work.
Student is an active participant.
Student is an alumnus.
Student is asked to predict the winner of the game involving two spinners.
Student is asked to wear film badges at both the neck and abdomen regions.
Student is assessed on the effective use of a presentation format.
Student is assigned a faculty advisor.
Student is assigned a plan of study, which is updated and kept current.
Student is assigned responsibility depending on qualifications.
Student is assigned three voice students to accompany for each semester.
Student is assigned three voice students to accompany for the semester.
Student is assumed to be literate in English and competent in fundamental arithmetic computation.
Student is attentive and frequently volunteers to participate.
Student is attentive, always responds when called on.
Student is awarded appropriate certification, inquire for details.
Student is aware of resources and methods of obtaining data.
Student is aware of the difference between information and knowledge.
Student is aware of the structure and dissemination channels of the global information environment.
Student is banned from all assemblies and after school activities.
Student is careless in following directions and weak in regular duties.
Student is challenged to try to crack the meaning of the message.
Student is charged interest from the time the loan is disbursed until it is paid in full.
Student is classified as non-matriculating.
Student is co-maker.
Student is comfortable explaining any question and can elaborate on questions as needed.
Student is completely knowledgeable about patient.
Student is consistently late in meeting course expectations.
Student is consistently unable independently to complete assigned school work in a timely manner.
Student is contacted by the specialist for an intake meeting.
Student is continually under supervision of instructor personnel.
Student is disorganized.
Student is effective at the give and take of friendships and relationships.
Student is either too passive, or too domineering within social interactions or relationships.
Student is eligible after one quarter full-time, selected by Automotive faculty.
Student is eligible after one quarter full-time.
Student is eligible for one award per academic year.
Student is eligible to apply for HOPE book allowance.
Student is eligible to attend OIT at in-state tuition.
Student is employed at an approved site and is evaluated by the supervisor and instructor.
Student is employed in a data processing environment.
Student is employed in an approved occupation and rated by employer and instructor.
Student is employed in an approved occupation and rated by the employer and instructor.
Student is employee of local business and under their immediate supervision.
Student is encouraged to apply for financial aid.
Student is encouraged to become a better historian and to identify with historical profession.
Student is encouraged to carry personal property insurance.
Student is encouraged to develop visuals.
Student is encouraged to have a world atlas, a globe, and colored pencils.
Student is encouraged to put into practice techniques learned, and is permitted to lead conferences.
Student is encouraged to respond to print more fluently by following the teacher.
Student is encouraged to share program experiences with other students at a student gathering.
Student is encouraged to shoot practice rolls each day.
Student is engaged in the activity most of the class period.
Student is enrolled as of the census date.
Student is enrolled for at least half-time training.
Student is enrolled full time in a Montana public school.
Student is enrolled in course.
Student is excited about the project and eagerly tells about it.
Student is expelled, in accordance with Minnesota's Pupil Fair Dismissal Act.
Student is explorer -Internet search on the web sites that are in the lesson.
Student is familiar with basic Spanish greetings, common phrases, and some present tense verbs.
Student is familiar with bibliography production or it is taught as a mini-lesson.
Student is financially responsible for ALL damages caused by the cat.
Student is from a socioeconomically disadvantaged background.
Student is given a framework within which to analyze contemporary international politics.
Student is given a 'travel graph' of a hurdles race.
Student is given a verbal warning.
Student is given immediate feedback on the quiz outcome and how many points are acquired.
Student is given research assignment by program.
Student is given the opportunity to appeal to honor court for a conduct code violation on campus.
Student is given too much or too little responsibility.
Student is granted a certificate after the end of each stage.
Student is grateful.
Student is held liable for fees regardless.
Student is here all four years.
Student is hired.
Student is identified as a risk to drop out of school.
Student is identified as having blindness, deafness, visual or hearing impairments.
Student is in an open stance.
Student is in first two academic years of study at an eligible higher education institution.
Student is in good academic standing.
Student is in good standing and good attendance.
Student is in push-up position.
Student is inattentive and passive in class.
Student is informed about current work force demographics in the U.S. today.
Student is informed of accommodation plan.
Student is informed of the result of the revaluation.
Student is initially responsible for setting up the internship.
Student is injured in non Athletic accident.
Student is interested in a career in business.
Student is interested in dance and appears enthusiastic.
Student is introduced to available software in human factors, safety and ergonomics.
Student is introduced to basic electricity and electronics.
Student is introduced to family dynamics and family assessment of various cultures.
Student is introduced to functional documentation and medical terminology.
Student is introduced to the concept of disease.
Student is involved in political decision-making processes at local, state or federal level.
Student is labeled as slow.
Student is launched as a potential leader at an important time in their career.
Student is made aware of the timeline, including last day to add class in current semester.
Student is made confident in communication at a very basic level.
Student is made familiar with different drawing techniques and media.
Student is married or has children.
Student is married to a nonstudent and has lived in current residence for one year or more.
Student is matched with a tutor.
Student is modivated by being able to purchase a higher fat food if they succeed.
Student is neat, clean, and dressed appropriately for the job or work.
Student is notified by e-mail or phone that their book is ready to be picked up.
Student is notified by student aid office of approval or disapproval at times determined by schools.
Student is notified of admission or non-admission to program prior to opening date by U.S. mail.
Student is notified of contract approval.
Student is notified of departmental decision.
Student is obligated to pay only for educational services rendered and unreturned equipment.
Student is obnoxious or unruly.
Student is of Swedish descent.
Student is offered testing dates.
Student is on academic probation until all failures have been successfully remediated.
Student is on active duty.
Student is on time.
Student is only able to communicate that the kite has different parts.
Student is paid an appropriate rate for the work.
Student is paid employee under employers immediate supervision.
Student is paid for travel to and from site as well as tutorial services.
Student is paid hourly plus profit incentives.
Student is paid part-time employee under employer's immediate supervision.
Student is paid part-time employee under employer's supervision.
Student is paid part-time employee working under supervision of employer and program coordinator.
Student is paid, part time employee supervised by employer.
Student is paid, part-time employee under employers direct supervision.
Student is paid, part-time employee under employer's direct supervision.
Student is paid, part-time employee under employers immediate supervision.
Student is paid, part-time employee under employer's immediate supervision.
Student is part time employee under direct supervision of employer.
Student is party to the loan.
Student is passive when studying, e.g., doesn t use strategies to learn or remember information.
Student is passive.
Student is patriotic and has an attitude of friendship and caring for mankind.
Student is permitted only one attempt.
Student is personally responsible for any damage to hotel facilities.
Student is placed in a host firm.
Student is placed in a second job, if possible.
Student is placed in an agency setting on a contractual basis.
Student is placed in either a media center or a library.
Student is placed in leadership positions to improve leadership and management skills.
Student is placed on detention.
Student is pleasant and shares information.
Student is prepared for class discussion.
Student is present in class, but participation is minimal, without interest or with reluctance.
Student is prevented from getting lost in the program, with no way out.
Student is primarily non-verbal and mentally disabled.
Student is provided a context in which to evaluate role of information in various organizations.
Student is provided information dealing with chemical dependency.
Student is provided with option to quit or continue at any time.
Student is published twice a year.
Student is really a sort of avuncular scout, one of several on the concert floor.
Student is reassigned to another field work placement.
Student is receptive to new ideas and innovations.
Student is registered for another course which meets at the same time as the scheduled hourly exam.
Student is registered in a variable-credit course which extends beyond the semester.
Student is removed from class.
Student is removed from the activity.
Student is required to attend endocrine and diabetes clinics specified in the schedule.
Student is required to bring tennis shoes without black soles.
Student is required to complete the outlined coursework.
Student is required to evaluate and state how to combat the cult in the paper.
Student is required to furnish camera, film, and printing paper.
Student is required to keep a personal journal during a portion of the semester.
Student is required to make restitution for damage to university or private property.
Student is required to participate in class discussions.
Student is required to pay for own round-trip airfare.
Student is required to provide a portfolio documentation of thesis.
Student is required to submit an evaluation of the course.
Student is required to work with a business in producing a real product.
Student is respectful of others.
Student is respectful, fair and courteous.
Student is responsible for accrued interest.
Student is responsible for acting prudently and exercising caution and common sense at all times.
Student is responsible for additional fees for travel, lodging, etc.
Student is responsible for all aspects of patients' care.
Student is responsible for all charges incurred.
Student is responsible for all materials presented, in all formats.
Student is responsible for all reading assignments and notes given during semester.
Student is responsible for all travel costs.
Student is responsible for any additional charges.
Student is responsible for appropriately responding to instructions delivered through campus mail.
Student is responsible for attaining the internship from a school district.
Student is responsible for books to be paid in full at time of purchase.
Student is responsible for carrying their part in implementing the accommodation.
Student is responsible for checking web site once each day.
Student is responsible for class content and assignments made during an absence.
Student is responsible for clearing any hold before re-enroll approval or registration.
Student is responsible for college tuition, books and other costs.
Student is responsible for completion of all degree and certification requirements.
Student is responsible for completion of degree and certification requirements.
Student is responsible for contacting faculty.
Student is responsible for fees incurred for requesting prior transcripts.
Student is responsible for getting missed assignments and material.
Student is responsible for getting the notes and other missed information from their classmates.
Student is responsible for helping maintain cleanliness of tractor.
Student is responsible for hiring, managing, paying, and firing PCAs.
Student is responsible for initiation of arrangements and filing of proposal.
Student is responsible for interest and principal while enrolled.
Student is responsible for interest during in-school, grace and deferment periods.
Student is responsible for interest payment while in school.
Student is responsible for locating acceptable employment.
Student is responsible for making contact with the veterinarian.
Student is responsible for own telephone.
Student is responsible for own transportation to clinical affiliate.
Student is responsible for own transportation to the center.
Student is responsible for own transportation, board, lodging, and other expenses.
Student is responsible for patient interviews, survey coding, data entry, and library work.
Student is responsible for paying the homestay fee to the family on the first day of each month.
Student is responsible for paying the supervisor.
Student is responsible for personal and travel expenses and tuition costs in France.
Student is responsible for photocopying costs.
Student is responsible for planning, carrying out and reporting on projects assigned.
Student is responsible for planning, carrying out, and reporting on projects assigned.
Student is responsible for preventing flea infestations in their room and in the house.
Student is responsible for providing a calculator to be used during exam.
Student is responsible for providing a copy to each member of the comprehensive exam committee.
Student is responsible for registration, transportation and living costs.
Student is responsible for securing a personal copy from some source.
Student is responsible for site's policies, as found on their Website.
Student is responsible for submitting a project proposal for approval before registration.
Student is responsible for submitting a proposal for approval one semester before registration.
Student is responsible for submitting study proposal for approval before registration.
Student is responsible for submitting study proposals for approval before registration.
Student is responsible for supplying visuals and preparing to use equipment.
Student is responsible for text as assigned.
Student is responsible for the interest payments.
Student is responsible for the learning.
Student is responsible for the missed material.
Student is responsible for the resident portion of tuition and fees.
Student is responsible for transportation and lunch.
Student is responsible for working up all consults for pediatric endocrinology.
Student is responsible if new training material is needed.
Student is responsible to cover material and take exams.
Student is responsible to notify IDHC instructor and clinical area if absent.
Student is responsible to satisfy requirements of new university.
Student is selected and approved by a faculty member and the department chairperson.
Student is selected on the basis of grade point average.
Student is sensitive to and competent with software operation and navigation .
Student is sent to the office and waits for the administrator.
Student is skillful in both bedside and more extensive oral case presentation.
Student is sometimes absent and fails to participate in a meaningful way in class.
Student is somewhat organized, but needs to improve.
Student is sponsored by government or industry.
Student is still responsible for payment of resident tuition.
Student is supervised and evaluated by a faculty teaching committee.
Student is supervised and evaluated by the sponsor and instructor.
Student is supervised and evaluated jointly by a chemistry faculty member and an on-site supervisor.
Student is supervised and rated by the employer and instructor.
Student is supervised by a professional and a faculty member.
Student is supported in entering text-based observations of the phenomenon.
Student is suspended for the remainder of the school day.
Student is to be removed from computer and all computer privileges are suspended for one week.
Student is to call attending if ill, car trouble, etc., prior to time to report to work.
Student is to fill in their activities.
Student is to follow local, state and federal guidelines concerning report writing style.
Student is to furnish transportation.
Student is to highlight how the mentor scheme has helped in the completion of the project.
Student is to pay monthly for housing.
Student is too far from or too close to the microphone.
Student is transported to school or regional school district of attendance.
Student is ultimately responsible for payment by the end of each term.
Student is unable to begin without help.
Student is unable to capture audience through eye contact or personal voice.
Student is unable to complete assignment.
Student is unable to consider alternatives.
Student is unable to count on from within a sequence.
Student is unable to explore suggested Internet sites even with teacher assistance.
Student is unable to find a pattern or a rule.
Student is unable to initiate interactions in an indirect manner.
Student is unable to maintain a reading rate commensurate with grade level work demands.
Student is unable to organized presentation thoroghly.
Student is unable to retain math facts or new information.
Student is unable to share or engage in give and take with friends and others.
Student is uncomfortable with information and is able to answer only rudimentary questions.
Student is under extreme pressures, such as abuse, loss of someone close, tragedy, etc.
Student is unknown.
Student is unmotivated and unfocused.
Student is usually able to - understand short conversations, get the gist of longer conversations.
Student is usually able to - write short paragraphs and simple letters.
Student is usually absent from class, fails to attempt assignments, and when present is disruptive.
Student is usually dependable, sometimes goes ahead on own.
Student is usually prepared and contributes to the group learning process.
Student is very cooperative, enthusiastic and dependable.
Student is video-taped and analyzed to chart progress and provide immediate feedback.
Student is viewed as a passive receiver.
Student is willing to commit an adequate amount of time to program activities.
Student is willing to initiate action to deal with problem.
Student is willing to state new ideas and use new words.
Student is within nine months of graduation at the time of the examination.
Student isa individual.
Student isa person.
Student isa somebody.
Student isa someone.
Student join Revolutionary War reenactment groups.
Student just pays for own transportation, entrance fee, etc.
Student keeps a formal laboratory notebook and submits a detailed scientific poster presentation.
Student keeps all videos and written material in binder.
Student keeps all videos and written material.
Student keeps all written material.
Student keeps class materials organized.
Student keeps log and submits for evaluation.
Student knows how to judge the quality of information.
Student knows how to use a range of information tools, from the contents of a book to a database.
Student knows the range of sources including their limits and potential.
Student knows what the project is, giving minimal explanation.
Student knows where information is stored, and that it saved correctly.
Student lacks aptitude in subject matter.
Student lacks background information for language arts, science, health or social studies units.
Student learn a story then learn to tell the story.
Student learn about bird adaptations, ecological roles, and how to use binoculars and fieldguides.
Student learn and integrate new information, and most importantly, they learn how to learn.
Student learn and perform roles in several dramatic scenes in front of the entire camp.
Student learn argurment and debate theory and practice.
Student learn how to become involved on campus and develop their personal leadership skills.
Student learn how to write goals and objectives, policies and procedures, and budgets.
Student learn human collaborative skills and skill sharing.
Student learn some things while they're here.
Student learn the fundamentals of business, contracting and are exposed construction methods.
Student learn to convert data to the appropriate media for presentation purpose.
Student learn to deal with both lateral and longitudinal forces.
Student learn to design and build physical experiments and interpret and analyze data.
Student learn to keep a serial log of important events during their first week in the field.
Student learn what they are motivated to learn - period.
Student learning in the workplace is measured in two formal ways.
Student learns best through interactivity.
Student learns how and when to make medication referrals and for whom.
Student learns how to conduct crisis planning and management.
Student learns practical realities of government immigration policies.
Student learns techniques for bleaching, frosting, special effects and cor-rective haircoloring.
Student learns the basics of trimming feet, fitting and nailing on shoes.
Student learns the prerequisites for the course.
Student learns to apply skills in the same activity that teaches basics of skill itself.
Student learns to bond pieces of clay together.
Student learns to differentiate between normal and atypical development.
Student learns to evaluate and select appropriate groupware to manage global virtual teams.
Student learns to use all studio equipment.
Student learns to work independently in a facilitated learning environment.
Student leaves information for a return call on an answering machine.
Student leaves out some information but covers the main points.
Student leaves pink copy with supervisor, gives yellow copy to faculty and keeps the white copy.
Student leaves pink copy with supervisor, gives yellow copy to faculty, and keeps white copy.
Student leaves room during exam.
Student lies on couch in yard.
Student like to copy all materials at one trip to the library.
Student link to the interactive site.
Student listen to a story demonstrating what to do in case of fire.
Student listens actively.
Student listens and speaks fairly with the other team mates.
Student listens carefully and asks for clarification when necessary.
Student listens to oral communication.
Student live with host families.
Student logically reaches conclusions based on sufficient evidence.
Student logs into course website.
Student Look up into the sky.
Student looks at adult and extends hand with spoon toward adult.
Student looks at story pictures to understand text and to predict unknown word or story event.
Student loses place on the worksheet.
Student maintains a positive academic relationship with the instructor.
Student maintains eye contact most of the time but frequently returns to notes.
Student makes a guitar.
Student makes a reasonable prediction.
Student makes a year's commitment.
Student makes an accurate and insightful prediction.
Student makes an attempt at a prediction but it shows an incomplete understanding.
Student makes any necessary changes.
Student makes appointment to discuss dispute with course instructor.
Student makes appointment using a number system .
Student makes detailed use of two or more visuals to effectively communicate information.
Student makes effective use of class time to work on project.
Student makes few or no mistakes in the target language.
Student makes formal application to department during spring semester, sophomore year.
Student makes general references to classmates' writing.
Student makes meaningful contributions to the discussion at least twice.
Student makes no response.
Student makes occasional mistakes with grammar and vocabulary.
Student makes quarterly interest payments.
Student makes use of one visual to effectively communicate information.
Student makes use of two visuals to effectively communicate information.
Student manages time and balances priorities in completing assignments.
Student matches all instruments with their use.
Student matches up questions with answers, system indicates whether it's correct.
Student means a person who has gained admission.
Student means resident student.
Student meet on-campus only five times a semester.
Student meets all admission requirements.
Student meets assignment expectations.
Student meets co-op and academic department requirements for admission into the program.
Student meets in a weekly class.
Student meets individually with instructor rather than through formal class meetings.
Student meets minimal expectations for the course.
Student meets provider school's prerequisites.
Student meets provider school's technical skills and equipment requirements.
Student meets provider school's testing requirements.
Student meets the minimum passing rate standard.
Student meets their instructor in virtual office hours using Internet videoconferencing.
Student meets with advisor weekly.
Student meets with faculty advisor to verify that necessary requirements have been fulfilled.
Student meets with faculty member to secure a list of required readings for the class.
Student meets with instructor and advisor and prepares material to meet deadlines.
Student meets with staff and discusses a tentative plan.
Student meets with the guidance committee as necessary.
Student meets with the Internship Coordinator.
Student merely turns the card over and recognizes the answer rather than processing.
Student misses entire class.
Student mount two photos for exhibit.
Student moves too slowly or quickly when establishing relationships with others.
Student narratives on race, gender, and academic engagement.
Student needing individual attention can also schedule an appointment at any time.
Student needs a basic function calculator.
Student needs a global exposure.
Student needs a strong basic math background.
Student needs access to basic kitchen ingredients and tools.
Student needs all forms and reports to show the legal name.
Student needs an understanding of algebra and calculation of dosages.
Student needs baby doll, baby blanket and one sheet.
Student needs background in drawing, painting, and sculpture.
Student needs extensive help to meet the standards.
Student needs extra help to meet the standards.
Student needs for study space and library needs for collection space collided.
Student needs help in all steps to use the computer.
Student needs notes.
Student needs own transportation.
Student needs permission of an advisor.
Student needs several reminders everyday to stay on task.
Student needs some work on pronunciation.
Student needs steel tip safety shoes.
Student needs The promotion of student centredness is a part of the university's mission.
Student needs to be calm under pressure and able to maintain a positive attitude.
Student needs to be comfortable in the water prior to entering the class.
Student needs to bring sheets and towels.
Student needs to build relationship.
Student needs to check on availability.
Student needs to click on next button to view entire information.
Student needs to complete the recommendation report, oral presentation, and final project portfolio.
Student needs to find a picture to go with their research and make a large drawing.
Student needs to have a basic understanding of navigating around the computer network.
Student needs to have a functional reading level in order to read the novel.
Student needs to have and know how to use a color scanner and a color printer.
Student needs to have Internet access with email and a graphic calculator.
Student needs to have the document closer, in the example above, to be able to read the text.
Student needs to know how to use special function keys described in the manual.
Student needs to purchase a recorder.
Student needs to review the Task Definition.
Student needs to see instructor.
Student needs to speak with an advisor.
Student needs to verbalize their intuition in order to clarify their understanding.
Student needs to verify input and if entered incorrectly back up and re-enter with correct data.
Student needs written permission of academic counselor, chair, and dean.
Student never allows anyone to speak.
Student notes about organism they are researching.
Student now face the challenge of gaining access to the equipment used by the professional world.
Student now has and in-depth understanding of the subject evidenced by final presentation.
Student now have the two points needed to plot their school's life zone.
Student observe and develop sermon skills that serve as a basis for ministry in today's culture.
Student observes activities in the clinic, hospital ward, operating room, and research laboratories.
Student observes and describes the physical properties of water.
Student observes and participates in California primary and general elections.
Student obtains application for graduation from college advisors.
Student obtains necessary transfer credit and challenge credit.
Student obtains signatures from all thesis committee members on red border sheets.
Student obtains their current grades from all of their teachers that is signed and dated.
Student obtains their senior project advisor s signature on the senior project requirement form.
Student occasionally elicits further information.
Student occasionally uses eye contact, but still reads most of report.
Student occasionally uses eye contact, but still reads most of the report.
Student offers inexpensive web design options for new small business owners.
Student officially withdraws from the class.
Student omits important information, uses little detail.
Student only pays for one month at a time.
Student opens eyes and tells what is missing.
Student operates microcomputer and software packages.
Student orders a meal from a menu.
Student organize data and construct, modify, and interpret graphs.
Student organizes and applies information.
Student organizes ideas in a variety of ways.
Student organizes in order and narrates.
Student outcomes assessments.
Student outlines the problem, carries on experimental work, presents the conclusions in a report.
Student owns personal copy of software or hardware boards.
Student paints with yellow tempera.
Student partially describes the evolution of a supernova.
Student partially interprets and synthesizes data gathered for the task and makes a conclusion.
Student participate in classroom assignments and activities.
Student participate in evaluation surveys of faculty instructional performance.
Student participate in internship programs in industrial settings.
Student participate in research project under the direction of a faculty member.
Student participate in role-plays and work to solve challenging real and hypothetical situations.
Student participate in twenty-two varsity sports teams and eleven junior varsity teams.
Student participates actively in patient care with the family practice residency inpatient team.
Student participates in a facet of improving a production system.
Student participates in a simple Japanese game.
Student participates in and contributes to class discussions.
Student participates safely and stays on task during daily activity.
Student participates with emphasis on own ideas and contributes very little.
Student participates with some prompting.
Student passes an equivalent continuing education or vocational credit course.
Student passes language examination, if required.
Student passes make European travel affordable.
Student passes written examination, if required.
Student pays a fee.
Student pays all other costs directly.
Student pays all school expenses.
Student pays challenge fee.
Student pays cost of independent international program directly to the host institution.
Student pays cost of lane rental.
Student pays family directly.
Student pays fees to the host school.
Student pays for all time.
Student pays for all tuition, fees, books and supplies.
Student pays for books.
Student pays for computing one way or another.
Student pays full tuition and fees.
Student pays in full upon registration.
Student pays in-state tuition of exchange university.
Student pays in-state tuition.
Student pays interest while enrolled.
Student Pays Locally.
Student pays private instruction fee directly to the instructor.
Student pays the current cost for each credit hour along with a lab fee.
Student pays the deductible to the cashier and gets receipt.
Student pays the difference.
Student pays transportation costs to Cedar City.
Student pays tuition and fees.
Student pays tuition plus all expenses.
Student perceives a genuine request for information.
Student performs a solo exit with instructor following behind.
Student performs above the foundation level expectations for field.
Student performs as many correct pull ups as possible.
Student performs as many correct pull-ups as possible.
Student performs at another school or at a nursing home or similar facility.
Student performs first emergency landing with simulated engine failure at high altitude.
Student performs first emergency landing.
Student performs legal work under the supervision of a lawyer in an approved field placement.
Student performs poorly on review lessons or mixed probes.
Student performs professional functions in an appropriate establishment.
Student performs research under supervision of a faculty member.
Student performs routine assignments where steps in the process are clearly outlined.
Student permits only allow the holder to park in one of the five parkades.
Student picks a topic of interest.
Student picks up check.
Student pick-up is available.
Student places top on bread.
Student plans to improve basic skills or pursue a high school diploma.
Student plans to pursue a vocational certificate.
Student plans to transfer to a four-year college or university.
Student plans to transfer, to develop job skills or prepare for a new career.
Student plans to work toward a graduate degree in a recognized field.
Student play on the ball field is limited to class activity.
Student plays all competencies smoothly, accurately and in time, but needs some work on some.
Student plays it safe, stays with the familiar.
Student plays most competencies smoothly, accurately and in time, but needs work on some.
Student possesses a baccalaureate degree from an accredited institution of higher education.
Student posts a paper on a web conference, others comment or query.
Student prepares a formal dissertation proposal.
Student prepares a multimedia presentation of the report.
Student prepares a written report for or against the merger.
Student prepares and presents speeches.
Student prepares data collection and treatment plan.
Student prepares eight or more slides with five or more pictures of the protist.
Student prepares eight slides with four pictures of the protist.
Student prepares eight slides with three pictures of the protist.
Student prepares final draft making all academic changes required by thesis committee.
Student prepares less than eight slides with two pictures of the protist.
Student prepares lesson plans and gains experience in classroom and clinical teaching.
Student prepares to drive the course by practicing some maneuvers.
Student present the project results in the style of professional meetings.
Student present their sculpture to the class, using geometric vocabulary to describe it.
Student presents a solid argument to support a solution.
Student presents a well thought out premise which is presented in the introduction.
Student presents all the pertinent information and ideas in the project.
Student presents information in a clear confident voice.
Student presents information in a clear, confident voice.
Student presents information in a logical sequence which the audience can follow.
Student presents information in logical sequence which audience can follow.
Student presents information in logical, interesting sequence which audience can follow.
Student presents information in logical, interesting sequence which is easily followed.
Student presents information to class in Spanish.
Student presents one copy to the department chairman, one to the advisor, and retains one copy.
Student presents one seminar during the quarter.
Student presents profound deliberations on their sociological progress.
Student presents strengths and weaknesses.
Student presents strong supportive arguments.
Student produces a finished component within the time limit.
Student produces a research proposal and conducts a pilot study for such research.
Student produces and communicates information in effective and appropriate formats.
Student produces letters and reports by transcribing from tapes.
Student progresses through computer-assisted instructions.
Student projects an unacceptable image to others.
Student pronounces most words correctly.
Student properly displays the results.
Student proposed internships are also available.
Student proposes assessment contract for breadth and depth in each selected knowledge area.
Student protesting social issues is nothing new.
Student provide no examples of bullying or just one.
Student provide their own phones.
Student provides a copy of the security or police report to the Helpdesk.
Student provides a letter explaining absence due to a verifiable extreme emergency.
Student provides behind the tire unless refuse cowboys jackets.
Student provides both a definition of bullies and being bullied.
Student provides camera and purchases supplies.
Student provides common name of apparatus.
Student provides common name of instrument.
Student provides common name of the equipment set up.
Student provides complete dental hygiene therapy.
Student provides consultation services to students and faculty.
Student provides examples that relate to the particular supernova being described in the task.
Student provides kitchen utensils, linens and lamps.
Student provides no definitions, partial definitions, or one from another source.
Student provides no lists, or neglects one of the three groups.
Student provides one inservice.
Student provides own transportation.
Student provides pink leotard, pink tights and pink ballet slippers.
Student provides primary health care in a preceptorship for clients across the lifespan.
Student provides racket and balls.
Student provides recent, appropriate documentation of disability.
Student provides service on a volunteer basis in agencies with community groups.
Student provides snorkeling equipment.
Student provides two examples of bullying.
Student provides two letters of reference.
Student pulls out a flashlight.
Student pulls out another flashlight.
Student pulls out yet a third flashlight.
Student puts chocolate chip cookie into paper sack.
Student puts cookie sack into lunch bag.
Student puts straw and napkin into paper bag.
Student raises body until chin clears bar, and then lowers body to a full hang starting position.
Student raises body until chin clears the bar and then lowers body to full-hang starting position.
Student raises scrutiny of off-campus drinking.
Student ranges from children to adults.
Student Ranking - Can produce student ranking for each grade level.
Student ranks Traditional white.
Student Read and summarize.
Student readily comprehends the message.
Student reads a book .
Student reads a book.
Student Reads a Book.
Student reads a manual or math text to successfully learn a new procedure.
Student reads actively and derives meaning from the written word.
Student reads adequately from script with some expression.
Student reads aloud while teacher notes miscues.
Student reads and understands information to perform a task.
Student reads and writes effectively.
Student reads articles published on each topic.
Student reads description and role of vases in society.
Student reads different materials for a variety of purposes.
Student reads different materials for variety of purposes.
Student reads e-mail from mentor.
Student reads extensively for a variety of purposes.
Student reads from notes.
Student reads letter and submits all requested documents.
Student reads notes or eye contact is erratic.
Student reads out loud to teacher while being timed.
Student reads papers in the primary literature and discuss the experiments.
Student reads paragraph with teacher who corrects errors.
Student reads policy to determine if a legitimate grievance can be appealed.
Student reads text and answers any question on handout whose answer appears in the text.
Student reads text and answers questions on handout.
Student reads text.
Student reads texts.
Student reads to learn new information.
Student reads to or records for the blind.
Student realizes their error.
Student really works on being comfortable in the water.
Student recalls marginalized professor.
Student recalls, recites, lists, labels, names, repeats.
Student receive a living stipend and three hours of credit.
Student receive assistance in selecting and applying to appropriate colleges and universities.
Student receive credit in both programs.
Student receive grades twice during each semester.
Student receive necessary knowledge and skills through study and field training.
Student receive one hour credit per semester for participation.
Student receive points for both academics and behavior.
Student receive scholarship assistance in the form of reduced tuition rates.
Student receive tutoring free of charge.
Student receives a comprehensive training manual.
Student receives a documented verbal warning with a copy of the dress code.
Student receives a final, written warning.
Student receives a grade.
Student receives a letter writing kit and a world map.
Student receives a stipend during academic year and summer program.
Student receives a tentative financial aid award package.
Student receives an alternative curriculum .
Student receives as varied and complete an experience as possible under job conditions.
Student receives Book Fair award.
Student receives copy.
Student receives course credit.
Student receives credit for the currently defined equivalency.
Student receives detention.
Student receives double participation in math experience.
Student receives five hours of instruction for each semester hour of credit.
Student receives full use of demo platform, and access to technical indicators.
Student receives housing packet in the mail.
Student receives initial award notification from the state.
Student receives in-school suspension.
Student receives passing grade in required courses.
Student receives replacement parts and top copy of numbered receipt.
Student receives significant supervision.
Student receives three college credits.
Student receives, in writing, the outcome of the appeal.
Student recieves free room and board from homeowner.
Student recognize that there are disciplinary guidelines for choosing among various opinions.
Student recognize the differences in ways people express themselves.
Student recognizes and incorporates dynamics, phrasing, and other musical notation most of the time.
Student recognizes and uses acquired skills to participate regularly in lifelong activities.
Student records a tape.
Student redescribes the conception in the light of the teacher's redescription.
Student refines the search strategy if necessary.
Student reflects on action to modify description.
Student reflects on the relationships between key experiences and current career focus or questions.
Student rejoins the class.
Student related tasks can often be dreary and monotonous, but can also be very educational.
Student releases the original grip hand.
Student reliably follows directions.
Student remain in the family for as long as they are in the middle school.
Student remains at facility and monitoring continues.
Student remains eligible to be considered for loans in the next period of study.
Student remains eye contact most of the time, but frequently returns to notes.
Student remains in agency.
Student remains with that team for next question.
Student repeats course and gets a better grade.
Student repeats the word back blended.
Student reports about local legends, sea shanties and stories.
Student reports about storms or local weather patterns.
Student reports alum that is distraught and incoherent.
Student reports for schoolteacher evalua-tion.
Student reports harassing incidents.
Student reports key stuck in door of a Campus building.
Student reports low self-esteem.
Student reports on a range of topics.
Student reports on any unique local service industry jobs.
Student reports on first autobiography from list.
Student reports on interdisciplinary projects.
Student reports on journal articles of current interest.
Student reports on local mining history and personal stories from miners.
Student reports on local news items related to the environment.
Student reports on second autobiography.
Student reports on selected authors.
Student reports on sites.
Student Reports on Sonnets.
Student Reports on the . . .
Student reports on their favourite books.
Student reports on their proposals.
Student reports past history of diagnosed learning disabilities.
Student reports phone code being used by other students.
Student reports physical abuse.
Student reports telephone harassment.
Student reports to work.
Student Requirements Previous experience as an executive or administrative assistant.
Student requires constant supervision and physical assistance to demonstrate skills or knowledge.
Student requires frequent support and assistance in operation software applications.
Student requires frequent teacher support to present photo album.
Student Requires full-time student status.
Student requires little or no teacher support to present photo album.
Student requires occasional teacher support to present photo album.
Student researches a pre-approved topic and presents it to the class.
Student researches the life and work of the scientist and the artist of choice.
Student reside in twin rooms in carefully selected host families.
Student responds most of the time to other students comments or suggestions.
Student responds orally.
Student responds somewhat adequately.
Student responds to all the questions posed in the discussion prompt.
Student responds to all the questions posed in the discussion prompts.
Student responds to other students comments and suggestions.
Student responds to part of the question posed in the discussion prompt.
Student responds to parts of the question posed in the discussion prompt.
Student responds to question .
Student responds to question.
Student responses to an assigned text become part of the text.
Student responses to the performance tasks are open-ended.
Student responses to the program are available.
Student Responses to The Woman Warrior .
Student Responses what current students have to say about the program.
Student resumes There are some student resumes posted here - Student Resumes .
Student retains all rights to the entered material.
Student retains copy of registration form and deferral to authorize admission.
Student Return the application to the department that offers the course.
Student returns any non-stolen parts to the Helpdesk.
Student returns petiton to counselor.
Student returns the priority registration form by the date given on the form.
Student returns the rest of the form to teacher.
Student returns to the text frequently after speaking spontaneously.
Student returns with the textbooks and a sign receipt from the assistant principal.
Student rolls the dice.
Student rotates through various areas of clinical chemistry.
Student rotates through various areas of clinical hematology and coagulation.
Student rotates through various areas of microbiology, serology, virology, and parasitology.
Student run yearbook, newspaper, student government association.
Student runs, all abilities welcome.
Student s building of their cameras allows for creativity and cooperative learning.
Student s construct narratives that make sense out of their own experience.
Student s writing projects demonstrate a wide range of written communications skills.
Student satisfies the foreign language requirement.
Student screens all display the retrieved student's name, grad-year and status in the upper right.
Student seems overly reactive to a minor problem.
Student sees advisor for selection of courses.
Student select their courses based on talent, high interest or ability in a topic.
Student select their own research topic with the guidance and approval of faculty.
Student selects a lab in which to do a research project.
Student selects an area of special interest through independent study.
Student selects from two sections depending on specific interests.
Student selects one from the following four specializations.
Student selects some field of bioengineering for advanced study and instruction.
Student selects the time of the orbit and the planets.
Student selects the violin icon again.
Student selects the violin icon.
Student separates fact from opinion.
Student serves a one-year term.
Student serves as a member of a consulting team to a small business.
Student serves as a volunteer at a museum or cultural center.
Student serves as designer for a mainstage production.
Student serves as designer for a studio production.
Student serves as intern with government official or in public or private agency.
Student serves as stage manager for a production.
Student serves as supervisor of one aspect of technical production.
Student serves the teacher, shows respect, and learns the texts.
Student sets goals and evaluates own and others' progress and accomplishments.
Student shadows an employee for a day on targeted tasks.
Student share their books and read their stories to parents and other Spanish students.
Student share their thoughts, with the teacher keeping tally of the most common ideas.
Student show little effort.
Student shows a positive attitude.
Student shows a sophisticated understanding of the technology and the data collected.
Student shows ability to address that there are complex issues and multiple perpectives.
Student shows ability to depict the complex issues and multiple perpectives.
Student shows academic competency.
Student shows an understanding of relationships among various parts of the course content.
Student shows an understanding of the reasons for learning the subject matter.
Student shows appropriate connections within mathematics.
Student shows cooperation in cooperative learning groups.
Student shows evidence of having read the textbook carefully.
Student shows full comprehension of the readings and makes perceptive comments every class meeting.
Student shows intent to pursue a career in a health or allied health professional field.
Student shows interest in dance and is willing to help others.
Student shows knowledge of the function of one labeled part.
Student shows knowledge of the function of the three labeled parts.
Student shows knowledge of the function of two labeled parts.
Student shows little concern for ideas or detail.
Student shows little or no understanding of how to actively promote the health of their families.
Student shows little or no understanding of ways to prevent disease and speed recovery from illness.
Student shows little understanding of the reasons for learning the subject matter.
Student shows no knowledge of the function of the parts of the plant.
Student shows off T-shirt displaying winning poster.
Student shows potential to improve.
Student shows progression of thought and depth of understanding.
Student shows some comprehension of the readings and makes perceptive comments most class meetings.
Student shows some understanding of the reasons for learning the subject matter.
Student shows sophisticated understanding.
Student shows understanding of the project.
Student Sign the graduation application.
Student sign up in advance in Counseling.
Student simply repeats information given in class.
Student sits at the table and engages adult in appropriate social interaction.
Student skits and plays are high points of each school year.
Student sleeps well at night and seems to be awake during the day.
Student solicits three new recommendation letters.
Student solves two or few illustration problem correctly with help.
Student speaks for the IANS resolution.
Student speaks most of the time in the target language.
Student speaks softly, no eye contact.
Student specifies the number of credits during registration.
Student spells out words about plants and animals by helping the frog get across the river.
Student spends quarter in the field.
Student stands on crate.
Student starts and can use the computer well, only once in a while needs help.
Student starts and needs a bit of help to use the computer.
Student starts payment on principal and interest at end of grace period.
Student starts to engage the class in the discussion.
Student starts to work on the project.
Student states a research question, problem or issue.
Student stay in single or double rooms and eat their meals in the cafeteria.
Student stays in the office until new clothes arrive.
Student stays mostly on task.
Student steps back with the right and executes a left inside block.
Student study the relationship between the production and purchasing processes and profitability.
Student study the resources, systems, and products of technology.
Student submit a completed current event form before class discussion for grade.
Student submit their journals of daily observations.
Student submits a completed draft for preliminary format review prior to final examination.
Student submits a draft of the thesis proposal to the director for comments and approval.
Student submits a more detailed project proposal.
Student submits a paper written by another student, a spouse, or colleague etc.
Student submits a proposal to the faculty describing the project or course of study intended.
Student submits a proposal under the guidance of a major professor.
Student submits a written proposal, performs the required work, and submits a written final report.
Student submits the form together with supporting documents to the course instructor.
Student successfully analyzes and solves problems involving geometric figures or situations.
Student successfully completes critique of web site.
Student successfully customizes desktop.
Student successfully transmits the main points of the report, and supports opinions with evidence.
Student summarizes, and presents data within the context of the experiment.
Student supports statements using well-rounded facts, theory, and opinion.
Student synthesizes information and reflects on findings.
Student synthesizes main ideas to construct new perspectives.
Student take active roles in planning and implementing a diverse program of student events.
Student Take advantage of special rates for students.
Student take test.
Student takes a break.
Student takes a full academic load.
Student takes a quiz on the computer.
Student takes a quiz.
Student takes a short quiz on a computer in the library.
Student takes a test .
Student takes assessment tests with or without accommodations.
Student takes clinic responsibilities seriously.
Student takes college classes on college campus.
Student takes entire form home.
Student takes examination.
Student takes few challenging courses relative to what is offered at the school.
Student takes final exam.
Student takes final examination after completing all assignments.
Student takes good notes.
Student takes initiative and responsibility.
Student takes initiative in following up and evaluating patient data for superb presentations.
Student takes initiative to evaluate social issues of the patient.
Student takes off for the first time.
Student takes one slice of bread out of bag.
Student takes preliminary exam.
Student takes some writing risks.
Student takes test for college level entry or academic preparation.
Student takes the test.
Student takes upper-level education courses.
Student teach for the entire semester.
Student teach in elementary, secondary and special education schools overseas.
Student Teach in Ontario.
Student tells about the project, when asked.
Student tells the class who has what accessory.
Student tend to open up more online than they do in the classroom.
Student then answers comprehension questions.
Student then apply what they have learnt to practical assignments.
Student then calls students by name to pick up their lunches from the table.
Student then counts the same amount of objects into the cup.
Student then have to maximize the number of nails lifted.
Student then returns to the up position.
Student then tosses the bag to someone else, etc.
Student thoroughly engages the class in the discussion.
Student thoroughly explains the plot of the novel, and includes quotes from the story.
Student tries at least one other way.
Student tries to interact effectively with the software, but is unsuccessful.
Student tries to kick and jab a bit, but is clearly in pain and stops.
Student tries to register for a course and it is full.
Student tries to take turns, listen to others, and share.
Student tucks the shoelace tail in edge of shoe.
Student turn in a page review of each article.
Student turns in all required assignments in the progression of writing the research paper.
Student turns in the completed from to the activity sponsor.
Student typically go on to teach in middle, junior high and high schools.
Student typically receive graduate training in a chosen specialty area.
Student understand and mentally organize information.
Student understands acceptable computer use.
Student understands basic criteria for evaluating information.
Student understands historical time, chronology, and causation.
Student understands how knowledge is generated, organized, stored, and transmitted.
Student understands meaning of what is read.
Student understands the data collection process, and did an overall good job.
Student understands the importance of the life-long physical health endurance, and personal fitness.
Student understands the meaning of what is read.
Student understands the reasons for and follows specific safety rules and regulations.
Student undertakes an advanced project under the supervision of a full-time member of the faculty.
Student undertakes to build a solid sense of self and personal worth.
Student use a sofwtare program on a microcomputer to analize, design and simulate their experiments.
Student use preferred learning style to score points toward letter grade.
Student use textual support in class discussions.
Student use the computer lab.
Student use the Internet as well as other sources to gather information.
Student use the labs for coursework and class meetings, as well as independent study and research.
Student use the remainder of the period for preparation.
Student use various problem solving activities in a game format.
Student uses a page layout program to create framed graphic boxes for hand drawn observations.
Student uses a variety of vocabulary and expressions.
Student uses a variety of vocabulary.
Student uses a wide variety of information to draw conclusions and synthesize ideas.
Student uses abundant detail and appropriate vocabulary.
Student uses acquired skills to explore corporate and partnership taxation concepts.
Student uses all or almost all of the required language elements.
Student uses and understands safety-related terms in emergency situations .
Student uses body language and movement to communicate positive and compatible feelings.
Student uses different software tools for different tasks.
Student uses effective teaching practices and the lesson is stimulating.
Student uses excellent pronunciation.
Student uses features of non-fiction text and computer software.
Student uses graphic, shows at least one cause, and shows at least three effects.
Student uses graphics related to the content.
Student uses high quality graphics that are directly related to content.
Student uses listening and observation skills to gain understanding.
Student uses minimal variety of vocabulary.
Student uses most of the required language elements.
Student uses original materials.
Student uses some complete sentences.
Student uses some of the required language elements.
Student uses some originality or imagination in the presentation.
Student uses steps of the research process in writing a research proposal.
Student uses technology to communicate, express ideas and collaborate with others.
Student uses the computer to problem solve.
Student uses the correct color to circle the correct shape .
Student uses the keyboard and mouse with increasing efficiency.
Student uses the letter format and states at least three text-based examples.
Student uses the mouse and keyboard adequately to produce drawings and text.
Student uses the technological tools for accessing information.
Student uses the word in a sentence.
Student utilizes presentation software to produce professional-looking material.
Student utilizes word processing software for more complex types of business documents.
Student utilizes word processing software for various types of business documents.
Student voluntarily participates frequently.
Student walks back to secretary's desk, staring at the professor's door.
Student walks guest to car.
Student walks up to counter, and without showing a card, saying who they are, etc.
Student Wants access to all that is current.
Student wants to declare a minor.
Student wants to grow by changing some self-defeating behavior.
Student wastes class time.
Student Watch and summarize the video.
Student watch the entire video, uninterrupted by other activities.
Student watches conductor.
Student wishes to teach in a subject area that makes local placement difficult.
Student withdraws due to unplanned medical expenses.
Student Work About ELM .
Student workbooks and a teacher's guide are also available.
Student workbooks and instructor's resources available for some titles.
Student workbooks and teacher's manuals are available for each level.
Student workbooks, and other kind of workbooks or logs.
Student workbooks, teacher's guide, and technical support are all provided.
Student working together can accomplish more.
Student works .
Student works as stage manager or with production management team.
Student works closely with a faculty member in the elementary physics program.
Student works closely with an individual faculty tutor.
Student works closely with faculty adviser.
Student works cooperatively as a member of a group.
Student works direct with shipper and carrier clients.
Student works directly with a professor on a topic approved by the professor prior to enrollment.
Student works effectively in small groups.
Student works for a firm or government agency under the sponsorship of an economics faculty member.
Student works for organization or agency applying concepts learned in classes.
Student works in close conjunction with a faculty member on a mutually agreeable topic.
Student works in laboratory on individual project and writes report at the end of the semester.
Student works in private studio assigned by the department.
Student works independently on a subject of particular interest.
Student works independently though in consultation with a faculty member.
Student works independently with a minor advisement from designated faculty member.
Student works off-campus full time.
Student works on an independent or group project.
Student works on design projects in a team context.
Student works on development of fluorescence assays for biological chromium.
Student works on newspaper or magazine, in broadcast media, or in public relations or advertising.
Student works on-site for a company using academic theory.
Student works successfully with partner for at least half of the class.
Student works to complete the agreed upon project, and submit summary or reflection papers.
Student works under the direction of a faculty committee to prepare and orally defend a thesis.
Student works under the direction of graduate faculty member and practicing administrator.
Student works up one new and two return visit patients.
Student works with a faculty member on a mutually agreed upon topic.
Student works with agency or organization applying concepts learned in classes.
Student works with an appropriate NEXA faculty member to produce a study plan.
Student works with groups, such as government agencies providing expertise.
Student works with preceptor in the operating room, clinic, and the private office.
Student works with supervising faculty member on carefully planned, student-initiated project.
Student works with supervising professor on carefully planned, student-initiated project.
Student works with the horses.
Student works without remuneration and is under contract with the college and the business.
Student workshops on line.
Student write a formal report based on their own original research.
Student write and draw about sea creatures that they saw at the aquarium.
Student write for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Student write mathematical expressions in order to create queries, calculations, etc.
Student write the letter in period one.
Student writes a number sentence that tells how to get the right answer.
Student writes a paper from an international perspective.
Student writes a seasonal greeting card.
Student writes a simple shopping list based on a specific situation.
Student writes about their favorite kind of pizza.
Student writes assignment, hands it in.
Student writes brief functional notes in kana and kanji.
Student writes clearly and accurately.
Student writes clearly and effectively.
Student writes complete sentences that relate to a specific topic.
Student writes down a prediction of the source of the outbreak.
Student writes guest's name, organization, address and telephone number on board.
Student writes in a variety of forms for different audiences and purposes.
Student writes legibly and consistently forms letters.
Student writes letter of petition to withdraw to adviser.
Student writes letters quickly and easily.
Student writes music notation every lesson.
Student writes numbers illegibly, slowly, and inaccurately.
Student writes on a given topic in a random fashion.
Student writes out an answer.
Student writes out the verse.
Student writes page or paragraph on highlighted information.
Student writes project report and site evaluation of review.
Student writes summary descriptions of vessels.
Student writes to mentor introducing themselves, stating their age, grade in school, and interests.
Student writes using a form for a specific purpose.of the writing process.
Student writes using grammatically acceptable English.
Student writes with accurate spelling, punctuation and capitalization.
Student writing with teacher evaluation is the primary method used in teaching basic course content.
Student written comments often provide evidence of commitment to teaching.
Student written web pages provide in-depth study of an ethical issue in computing of their choice.
Students .utilize the school's vast computer network in both math and computer courses.
Students abide by the rules of each family as their own children do.
Students ably man the stage, sound, costume, prop, and light crews.
Students abound in Aberdeen.
Students abroad can earn enough to buy a second-hand car or a ticket to travel around the world.
Students absolutely love learning using reform methods.
Students absorb knowledge at their own rate and level.
Students absorb the teached material.
Students absorb whatever level of information they are ready to access.
Students accept a variety of positions throughout the United States.
Students accept personal responsibility for their academic performance.
Students accept responsibility for course selection when they sign the registration each semester.
Students accept responsibility for missed work.
Students accept responsibility for payment as agreed.
Students accept responsibility for teaching each other while the teacher serves as facilitator.
Students accept responsibility for their own learning, both as individuals and as members of groups.
Students accept responsibility for their own learning.
Students accept responsibility for themselves and their actions.
Students accept self-centredness as a way of life.
Students accept sexual permissiveness as the norm.
Students accept the challenge of achieving at the highest level possible.
Students accept the primacy of scheduled test or examination over travel plans or work schedules.
Students accept work on request from any lawyer in the area to which they have been assigned.
Students acceptance in research lab.
Students accepting a place are liable for the rent for the whole period.
Students access a basic information reference.
Students access a course website to engage in the course.
Students access a password protected learning community by using common Web browsers.
Students access a variety of multi-media instructional tools based on learning style and preference.
Students access all learning stations on a frequent and equitable basis.
Students access and analyze a variety of health care and physical therapy literature.
Students access Australian student poetry and other spider information from second website.
Students access clerkship information via a link off of the main curriculum web-site.
Students access community resources to make connections between present learning and career goals.
Students access course material through CD-ROMs and the program's home page.
Students access current information via CD-ROM or the Internet.
Students access current reference books on the state library network.
Students access each other and the faculty, and the faculty do the same.
Students access education.
Students access educational applications that utilize computer and communications technology.
Students access e-learning courses by clicking on the relevant course.
Students access from public labs.
Students access Internet sites to collect information on their country.
Students access learning when and where they choose.
Students access material asynchronously to enhance knowledge, prepare and file homework.
Students access mediation by completing a request for available in school offices.
Students access one web site to find information about Japan.
Students access online schedules and determine whether faculty or other students are available.
Students access only ONE web site.
Students access primary and secondary sources to gain an authentic sense of other times and places.
Students access primary and secondary sources, read and then draw sound conclusions.
Students access real time meteorological data from the Internet.
Students access self-interests through human relations exercises and communication topics.
Students access technology in classroom and computer lab.
Students access tertiary education via varied paths.
Students access the African art web sites.
Students access the binder to make log entries when it is their turn.
Students access the classroom by entering the user name and password they have selected.
Students access the collection by clicking on a geographical location.
Students access the computer based system by regular telephone.
Students access the computer labs with their room key.
Students access the course work over the Internet but are required to have classroom instructions.
Students access the information in the library or in the counseling office.
Students access the Internet and all basic cable channels through a modem in their apartment.
Students access the IQS through their web browser.
Students access the latter two machines via the internet.
Students access the material to prepare for laboratory sessions and as refreshers or study aids.
Students access the network via a unique wall plate that has voice, video and data connections.
Students access the recordings using special passwords.
Students access the service through their school computers.
Students access the simulation as frequently or as infrequently as they deem necessary.
Students access the site for tests, quizes, and on-line instruction.
Students access the software at the Arabic Individualized Instruction Center.
Students access The students have access to the computers in a variety of ways.
Students access the system with a web browser using any computer with internet access.
Students access the telescope by modem and download the images in real time.
Students access the trainer via a computer and learn to program the controllers.
Students access the web site and follow the directions from there.
Students access their accounts by presenting their student identification card.
Students access their course materials over an Internet connection.
Students access their dropbox from the Student Tools section.
Students access their information in a mailbox and the files are updated daily.
Students access web sites and print picture information.
Students access web sites for more information on the subject and scientists.
Students access web sites to obtain information to fill in their worksheets.
Students accessing the site design their own training.
Students accommodate new concepts into existing concepts.
Students accomplish robotics research of their own proposing or contribute to ongoing research.
Students accomplish the design and document the results in a report and in an oral presentation.
Students accomplish the most by following a routine seating plan.
Students account for one third of the population.
Students account of personal development, perceptions, and record of lab sessions.
Students accrue annual and sick leave.
Students accrue credit toward a readjustment allowance for each month they participate in training.
Students accrue points by completing course modules.
Students accumulate approximately one thousand points each nine weeks.
Students accumulate cards as in the first two rounds.
Students accumulate credits as they progress through the course.
Students accumulate credits for each course module completed.
Students accumulate knowledge as they work through the various exercises.
Students accurately conjugate selected verbs to match subject.
Students accurately perform the back-beat rhythm.
Students accurately perform the new accompaniment and explain how it is appropriate.
Students accurately read and perform the rhythms in a familiar song.
Students accurately use map scale to determine distance.
Students accurately use numbers.
Students accurately use target language adjectives to describe food.
Students accurately write the target language color words.
Students accused of academic cheating have the right to due process under current case law.
Students accused of academic cheating have the right to due process.
Students accused of academic dishonesty have the right to an appeal.
Students accused of academic dishonesty have the right to challenge accusations.
Students achieve a command of fundamental social work research.
Students achieve a minimal understanding of the new scientific or mathematical conception.
Students achieve a score which determines their proficiency in English.
Students achieve academic excellence.
Students achieve at a higher level when their parents are involved in their studies.
Students achieve at levels that far exceed state and national norms.
Students achieve classified standing upon completion of an approved study plan.
Students achieve competency in research, teaching, and service in a variety of educational settings.
Students achieve either college preparatory or technical preparation diplomas.
Students achieve higher standardized test scores in reading.
Students achieve marked, significant improvements in their oral, reading and writing skills.
Students achieve mastery at their own paces.
Students achieve more in small classes.
Students achieve more when parents are involved in their education.
Students achieve more when their parents are actively involved with the schools.
Students achieve optimal design by minimizing the sum of annual capital plus operating costs.
Students achieve personal and professional success through academic and leadership activities.
Students achieve perspective by combining imagination, intuition, reasoning, and evaluation.
Students achieve proficiency in Arc View.
Students achieve success and have fun doing it in the process.
Students achieve success.
Students achieve their goals using a multitude of new, powerful, and proven educational models.
Students achieve their individual goals through strong curricula and advising.
Students achieve their personal best through carefully planned, challenging course requirements.
Students achieve when school staffs develop school-wide plans to meet achievement goals.
Students achieve wonderful results in only their first semester with the program.
Students achieving high academic standing receive an academic letter at the reception.
Students acknowledge helpful faculty despite drop in number of job offers.
Students acknowledge that the flattering letters can make a difference.
Students acknowledge that they come into a new area with a large amount of pre-existing knowledge.
Students acknowledge their uniqueness and specialness and that of their classmates.
Students acquire a basic knowledge of the language of business.
Students acquire a basic understanding of compilers design, construction and implementation.
Students acquire a basic understanding of sports medicine.
Students acquire a basic understanding of the French culture and language.
Students acquire a basic understanding of the German culture and language.
Students acquire a basic understanding of the Hispanic culture and language.
Students acquire a basic vocabulary and an understanding of fundamental linguistic structures.
Students acquire a better understanding of the workplace, return to their studies more motivated.
Students acquire a broad knowledge of and ability to apply numerous psychotherapeutic techniques.
Students acquire a broad understanding of different types of fitness programs.
Students acquire a core understanding of agricultural production systems as managed ecosystems.
Students acquire a critical perspective of politics and government in the United States.
Students acquire a feel for the medical field through additional classes and hands on experiences.
Students acquire a foundation in formal logic, the basis of rigorous mathematical proof.
Students acquire a foundation of general, multidisciplinary knowledge in the core courses.
Students acquire a full understanding of breed characteristics of the modern beef cattle.
Students acquire a level of occupational competence commensurate with their interest and abilities.
Students acquire a relevant knowledge base that is retrievable and usable in future settings.
Students acquire a repertoire of musical selections commonly used in the educational setting.
Students acquire a sense of the power and capability of their own brains.
Students acquire a solid academic background in behavioral science principles and theories.
Students acquire a strong foundation in phonetic principles in the primary grades.
Students acquire a strong interdisciplinary training in science.
Students acquire a strong working familiarity with the various methods available.
Students acquire a superficial understanding of racially and culturally diverse groups.
Students acquire a variety of skills in selling, renting and buying property.
Students acquire a working knowledge of a specific software package widely used in area offices.
Students acquire a working knowledge of a variety of audiovisual and multimedia techniques.
Students acquire a working knowledge of legal and technical aspects of safety.
Students acquire a working knowledge of thermodynamics, electricity and magnetism, and optics.
Students acquire additional knowledge in the specific concepts and skills of project management.
Students acquire advanced research skills by participating in a health psychology research project.
Students acquire algebraic and trigonometric competencies essential to the study of calculus.
Students acquire an all-round knowledge of the theatre as well as direct experience of performance.
Students acquire an appreciation of the challenges and opportunities in industrial research.
Students acquire an appreciation of the complexities of living things and living systems.
Students acquire an in depth knowledge of the fashion industry and potential career opportunities.
Students acquire an in-depth knowledge of how archaeologists construct and use theory.
Students acquire an overview of essential small business management skills.
Students acquire an overview of the history of Western thought from ancient to modern times.
Students acquire an understanding of all phases of analyzing and designing a system.
Students acquire an understanding of central and peripheral nervous systems.
Students acquire an understanding of how conflict arises and is managed in a particular setting.
Students acquire an understanding of how ethics have influenced the laws and professions.
Students acquire an understanding of human behavior in groups, organizations, and larger systems.
Students acquire an understanding of legal procedures through their work experience.
Students acquire an understanding of mass communications media.
Students acquire an understanding of programming logic for coding business systems.
Students acquire an understanding of the functions of the server of Internet documents.
Students acquire an understanding of the genre's transformations throughout history.
Students acquire an understanding of the philosophical and logical foundations of their subject.
Students acquire and apply knowledge in a variety of contexts.
Students acquire and apply various skills in real world applications.
Students acquire and demonstrate simple techniques and proper safety procedures.
Students acquire and enhance skills needed for employability and success in today's workplace.
Students acquire and hone online legal research skills, now a necessity for practicing attorneys.
Students acquire and use knowledge of cultures in which the target language is spoken.
Students acquire and use knowledge of other cultures while developing foreign language skills.
Students acquire and use knowledge of the target culture while developing target language skills.
Students acquire and use strategies for appropriately getting and giving help in learning.
Students acquire and use strategies for learning and problem solving.
Students acquire appellate advocacy skills in various competitions.
Students acquire background information by listening to and participating in class discussions.
Students acquire background necessary to access information resources in other library systems.
Students acquire basic grammatical and syntactical structures.
Students acquire basic knowledge on the structure and nature of the elementary school.
Students acquire basic speaking, reading, and writing skills while learning about French culture.
Students acquire basic speaking, reading, and writing skills while learning about Hispanic cultures.
Students acquire basic vocabulary.
Students acquire business, management and administrative skills from a sport perspective.
Students acquire chances.
Students acquire competence as beginning social work practitioners.
Students acquire computer programmiing skills.
Students acquire conceptual knowledge of constructing web sites.
Students acquire conceptual understanding of constructing web sites.
Students acquire confidence in using mathematics meaningfully.
Students acquire critical skills.
Students acquire critical think skills.
Students acquire critical-thinking skills which are fundamental to lifelong learning.
Students acquire daily living skills such as cooking, budgeting, and personal grooming.
Students acquire data from a variety of telescopes and instruments by accessing web-based archives.
Students acquire discrimination skills in scoring response, and linguistic complexity.
Students acquire education for the education specialist option or for doctoral study.
Students acquire effective study strategies as they review course material and prepare foe tests.
Students acquire experience and earn stipends while companies receive professional reports.
Students acquire experience in their field of study before they graduate.
Students acquire expertise in methods and technologies that are widely applicable.
Students acquire extensive field experience in Houston's impressive variety of schools.
Students acquire extensive skills using computers as a design tool.
Students acquire familiarity with advanced instruments and technology.
Students acquire familiarity with the new language at first by listening and reading easy texts.
Students acquire financial knowledge and skills that can be applied in a variety of environments.
Students acquire flexibility in role development through vocal exploration.
Students acquire fluency in comprehension, speaking, reading, and writing.
Students acquire foundation skills in both design and computer production techniques.
Students acquire fundamental photography skills including optics, chemistry, and aesthetics.
Students acquire goods and information orally.
Students acquire hands-on experience with small teaching robots in the laboratory.
Students acquire hands-on skills in implementation and operation of networks.
Students acquire hands-on teaching and research experience.
Students acquire hands-on techniques in creating finished products.
Students acquire increased ability to create with the language in a variety of relevant situations.
Students acquire in-depth understand of the challenges of change and the moral exercise of power.
Students acquire information about the Roman world by reading adapted or selected Latin sources.
Students acquire information and experience through many ways of knowing.
Students acquire information and skills necessary to make basic consumer decisions.
Students acquire information from a variety of oral and visual sources.
Students acquire information on the organization of the national and Texas executive departments.
Students acquire insights about themselves and how they relate to others.
Students acquire investment skills through club meetings and investment classes.
Students acquire job experience in their chosen field of horticulture.
Students acquire knowledge about cabinet hardware and accessories.
Students acquire knowledge about door hardware and accessories.
Students acquire knowledge about the different types and materials of molding.
Students acquire knowledge and appreciation of their intellectual capacity and cultural heritage.
Students acquire knowledge and demonstrate the ability to perform nursing skills competently.
Students acquire knowledge and experience in preparing art and layouts for reproduction.
Students acquire knowledge and skills required for management of people, projects, and functions.
Students acquire knowledge based on observation, investigation, and analysis.
Students acquire knowledge from a variety of sources.
Students acquire knowledge of algorithms.
Students acquire knowledge of communications components and their use in implementing a network.
Students acquire knowledge of data structures.
Students acquire knowledge of greenhouse structures, their operations and management.
Students acquire knowledge of software design and software engineering.
Students acquire knowledge of the concepts of programming languages.
Students acquire knowledge of the rainforest and deforestation.
Students acquire knowledge of the structure, chemistry, and nutrient composition of animal tissues.
Students acquire life skills.
Students acquire many advantages from attending a university with a strong international character.
Students acquire maximum mastery of skills in all disciplines offered.
Students acquire more knowledge of related cultures and traditions.
Students acquire more responsibility for their own learning.
Students acquire new vocabulary and learn to isolate roots and to recognize prefixes and suffixes.
Students acquire on-camera acting skills through script analysis and character study.
Students acquire opportunity.
Students acquire practical knowledge to enrich career development and maximize personal potential.
Students acquire practice in two types of libraries and in different areas within libraries.
Students acquire proficiency in laboratory skills, effective communication, and employment skills.
Students acquire proficiency in laboratory skills, effective communications and employment skills.
Students acquire proficiency in laboratory skills, effective communications, and employment skills.
Students acquire proficiency in the use of two and three dimensional graphic software.
Students acquire proficiency with a variety of formal and informal assessment techniques.
Students acquire real self-esteem by meeting real challenges.
Students acquire research skills and a deeper knowledge of their nursing specialty.
Students acquire skill in advanced vocal technique, sight singing and ear training.
Students acquire skills and competencies appropriate for an entry-level office position.
Students acquire skills and knowledge based on the latest information.
Students acquire skills and theoretical knowledge relative to human motion analysis.
Students acquire skills by means of intensive, hands-on work in a computer laboratory.
Students acquire skills essential to comprehensive community health practice.
Students acquire skills focused on governance, financing, and management of nonprofit organizations.
Students acquire skills in accessing worldwide databases.
Students acquire skills in both English and Spanish.
Students acquire skills in critical thinking and experience with computer programs in statistics.
Students acquire skills in holistic health assessment of individuals and families.
Students acquire skills in interviewing and gain confidence in themselves.
Students acquire skills in music reading, music listening, and beginning piano techniques.
Students acquire skills in observing, recording, and interpreting child behavior.
Students acquire skills in planning drama activity for and managing difficult situations.
Students acquire skills needed to be financially successful in the field of cosmetology.
Students acquire skills needed to select clothing based on quality, style and performance.
Students acquire skills.
Students acquire some basic knowledge, something they understand and remember, about a subject.
Students acquire some experience at constructing mathematical models.
Students acquire swimming proficiency and execute five basic strokes.
Students acquire technological sophistication and sharpen their thinking and writing skills .
Students acquire the ability to discuss, read and write about simple, everyday topics.
Students acquire the ability to understand and apply functional mathematics in the world of work.
Students acquire the ability to use more advanced structural concepts and vocabulary.
Students acquire the basic nursing skills to implement the care plan.
Students acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to work with people in a changing society.
Students acquire the knowledge and skills to design, develop, and evaluate a curriculum.
Students acquire the knowledge and skills to manage people and resources.
Students acquire the language through study of content.
Students acquire the skills necessary to read and write literary braille.
Students acquire the skills needed to collect, manage, analyze, and interpret health data.
Students acquire the skills of excavation, recording, survey and mapping, and laboratory analysis.
Students acquire the skills of file and document organization.
Students acquire the skills of using the tools of the Internet.
Students acquire the tools for making their own gardens more beautiful and easier to maintain.
Students acquire think skills.
Students acquire understanding and application of computers.
Students acquire useful analytical skills and broad knowledge of economic issues and problems.
Students acquire valuable legal experience while working on issues they care about.
Students acquire vocabulary by using it in context.
Students acquire word-building skills by learning prefixes, suffixes, roots, and abbreviations.
Students acquire, organize, apply, or disseminate information.
Students act as aides for school offices, teachers, or supervisors.
Students act as an audience for each other and practice editing skills.
Students act as assistant directors, sound and light crew, set design and costume and make-up crews.
Students act as assistants in departmental courses.
Students act as attorneys and jury.
Students act as attorneys, clerks, bailiffs and jury members in the court's cases.
Students act as book reviewers or critics and analyze chapter sections.
Students act as classroom aids and interact with preschool children.
Students act as critics of each other's papers and presentations.
Students act as curators and designers.
Students act as disease detectives.
Students act as either lawyers or witnesses.
Students act as head and assistant engineers on a diverse variety of recording projects.
Students act as maintenance programmers updating and modifying existing programs.
Students act as managers, marketers and grant writers for the business.
Students act as moderator for the town hall meeting.
Students act as observers only in both community centres and police stations.
Students act as participant-observers while working for an organization.
Students act as peer helpers.
Students act as peer observer, and provide feedback in a variety of skills.
Students act as primary therapists to patients on an inpatient psychiatric unit.
Students act as registrars and voting officials and ballot tabulators.
Students act as research or teaching assistants as a means of earning their stipends.
Students act as responsible citizens in the school and community.
Students act as Senators, debating and voting on bills.
Students act as service supervisors and mentors to juveniles on probation.
Students act as tellers and officers.
Students act as their own secretaries and a secretarial handbook provides a great general reference.
Students act as trailblazers when they use compasses and follow directions to find treasure.
Students act as waiters, guides, and greeters during the night.
Students act crazy because their professors do.
Students act in and direct the four scenes.
Students act in and stage scenes as major requirements.
Students act inappropriately on the list.
Students act independently with infrequent interaction.
Students act out a scene from the opera.
Students act out a scene in a restaurant, pronouncing the words correctly.
Students act out a word and the others have to guess what it is.
Students act out lively skits about making healthy and informed choices.
Students act out movements of caterpillars, cats, cobras, crabs and crocodiles.
Students act out parts of a tree.
Students act out recycling and managing at a mini recycling center.
Students act out skits that show biological diversity.
Students act out the life cycle of a plant to music.
Students act out the role of the person engaged in an occupation action using gestures.
Students act out the roles of village workers.
Students act out the story.
Students act out the workings of a finite state machine.
Students act out two search methods.
Students act professionally in their early clinical situations.
Students act respectfully toward teacher and each other.
Students act respectfully toward teacher.
Students act strategically .
Students act, play music, and dance in the theatre.
Students actively analyze and interpret quantitative data.
Students actively apologize to friends.
Students actively develop projects and work in teams much like employees do in today's work place.
Students actively develop projects and work in teams, much like the modern workplace.
Students actively discuss real world problems and issues in relationship to societal implications.
Students actively discuss the Laws of Motion.
Students actively engage in and demonstrate a love of learning.
Students actively engage in developing functional concepts through patterning.
Students actively engage in dissertation research as their primary responsibility.
Students actively engage in dissertation research as their primaryresponsibility.
Students actively engage in reading and develop the tools necessary to become better readers.
Students actively engage in the community through service learning opportunities.
Students actively engage with the course textbook and the instructor.
Students actively gather a set of data on a personally chosen topic.
Students actively investigate all concepts from graphic, numeric, and algebraic points of view.
Students actively learn basic therapeutic modalities and the safe use of medical gas systems.
Students actively participate and are provided the vehicle for reflective thought and experience.
Students actively participate in a group simulation.
Students actively participate in all conferences.
Students actively participate in all phases of observational astronomical research.
Students actively participate in all topic presentations.
Students actively participate in an introduction to the course.
Students actively participate in and conduct ecological studies throughout the course.
Students actively participate in community service through their intern placement.
Students actively participate in directing, acting and designing productions.
Students actively participate in discussions.
Students actively participate in group discussions and problem solving initiatives.
Students actively participate in labs in virtually every area of mechanical engineering.
Students actively participate in learning.
Students actively participate in making all three types of graphs.
Students actively participate in multicultural folklore, games, music and dance performances.
Students actively participate in patient care as a member of the health care team.
Students actively participate in planning their learning activities.
Students actively participate in positive school and community activities.
Students actively participate in preparing and leading class discussions.
Students actively participate in projects, assignments and lessons.
Students actively participate in the decision-making and running of the school.
Students actively participate in the decision-making processes necessary to run a city effectively.
Students actively participate in the development and self-evaluation of their learning and practice.
Students actively participate in the learning process.
Students actively participate in the life of a large and multifaceted university community.
Students actively participate in the management of patients, ward rounds, and didactic sessions.
Students actively participate in the operation of their dining commons through food committees.
Students actively participate in the problem solving process.
Students actively participate in the selection of speakers.
Students actively participate in various service projects throughout the year.
Students actively participate in well-focused research projects.
Students actively participate in, and lead, discussions based on assigned readings and problem sets.
Students actively participate with hands on activities.
Students actively particpate in evaluating their written and oral work.
Students actively practice building skills in class.
Students actively prepare for the advanced placement language examination given each spring.
Students actively prepare for the advanced placement literature exam given in the spring.
Students actively read, do research, and respond to a wide selection of literature.
Students actively seek knowledge and ask numerous relevant questions.
Students actively use technology as an integral part of the course structure.
Students actively use technology to manage, evaluate and improve instruction.
Students actively work on research project.
Students actively work with their mentor principals throughout the two-year program.
Students actually ask for tutoring or say that they can handle more.
Students actually build a simple DW in class.
Students actually camp out down there just to have a chance of getting season tickets.
Students actually construct inner and outer understandings of their learning.
Students actually counsel a client chosen by the instructor.
Students actually create what they learn.
Students actually create, as opposed to just regurgitating answers on a test form.
Students actually develop something of an expertise when they pursue an interest.
Students actually experience geology, up close, in a geologically fascinating region of the planet.
Students actually feel and observe their energy being transformed into light, heat and sound energy.
Students actually fold a piece of paper to begin generating data for the table.
Students actually go out into the real world and learn to solve real-world problems.
Students actually have the opportunity to apply their skills at stores, offices and organizations.
Students actually have time to create power points and explore webquests on the block schedule.
Students actually have very different opinions about it.
Students actually learn how to build models rather than using preformatted templates.
Students actually learn how to learn, a skill they can transfer to all other areas of their life.
Students actually participate in a simulated space trip in a space shuttle module.
Students actually perform professional services for customers.
Students actually recycle paper in the classroom through a mini-demonstration.
Students actually register for the upcoming semester at the conclusion of the session.
Students actually respect the teacher.
Students actually screen on various materials.
Students actually see changes that the office makes based on our input.
Students actually sit out on center campus and study on nice days.
Students actually smoke in the bathroom.
Students actually spend a significant portion of their first semester in the classroom.
Students actually use geographic skills and knowledge to make decisions and solve problems.
Students actually use what they learn to save money for the school and the district.
Students actually work on a job and receive pay.
Students actually work through the lesson during the implementation phase.
Students actually work together over the Internet to solve problems affecting their every day lives.
Students adamantly oppose the idea.
Students adapt a Shakespearean play for a student mini-production.
Students adapt the curriculum to their own learning styles.
Students adapt the program to specific needs and abilities.
Students adapt their international experience to the challenges of domestic social problems.
Students adapt their language to communicate .
Students adapt their language to communicate.
Students add a descriptive sentence and drawing of an optometrists' role to their community book.
Students add and subtract decimal numbers and numbers in the hundreds and thousands.
Students add and subtract small numbers with ease.
Students add animal groups.
Students add at least two blank pages for comments.
Students add color to their landscapes.
Students add color to their patterns and or designs.
Students add colorful bumps to their toad.
Students add crickets to the terrariums and consider how their needs are met in the habitat.
Students add dragon details of cut paper, foil, gummed paper, pipe cleaners, etc.
Students add education courses and experience in student teaching.
Students add endings for particular combinations of form and case.
Students add enzymes to buffer solution immediately before use.
Students add evaluations to their ongoing electronic journals.
Students add fields to extend the learning experience.
Students add finishing touches.
Students add force and mass to the acceleration models.
Students add humor, creativity and originality to their own versions of stories.
Students add images of coyotes.
Students add individual pictorial charts to their frog booklets.
Students add information about three coyote adaptations.
Students add information about where coyotes live and what coyotes eat.
Students add information to their notes.
Students add interesting facts about the coyote.
Students add lighting, textures, and other effects to increase realism.
Students add more solar cell batteries to the car wired in a series circuit, and measure speed.
Students add narration in a slide show.
Students add new moves to their repertoire after reviewing old moves.
Students add objects to a scale to keep it balanced.
Students add one to doubles.
Students add products to the shopping cart database and link their site catalog to the service.
Students add red pigment to one jar, yellow to another jar and blue to the third jar.
Students add related pictures.
Students add resources to the bulletin board and resource table.
Students add selected courses in applied mathematics and engineering.
Students add several images of coyotes.
Students add terms and definitions to their glossaries.
Students add that many O shaped cereal pieces or hole reinforcers to match the number.
Students add the correct number of animals according to the number.
Students add the look algorithm to the simulation program.
Students add the sides of the polygons.
Students add the woodwind family to their study of instruments.
Students add their cataloguing records to the Training Database.
Students add their name.
Students add their names to the group story's byline and print out individual copies.
Students add their own picture, previously taken with the zap shot camera, and credits.
Students add their responses to each other's questions or ideas.
Students add to the case study database by writing responses to specific questions.
Students add to the notebook each year, making it comprehensive.
Students add to the tales of their choice each day.
Students add to their art vocabulary and use it accurately to discuss art.
Students add to their notes.
Students add two or more images of coyotes.
Students add two or more interesting facts about coyotes.
Students add up the rings determine the age of the tree.
Students add up the rings to determine the age of the tree.
Students add up their points and try another word category.
Students add value to their CV by acquiring and developing work skills.
Students add written math sentence strips to their pond scenes.
Students add, subtract, multiply and divide monomials and polynomials.
Students add, subtract, multiply, and divide complex numbers.
Students add, subtract, multiply, and divide rational expressions and functions.
Students additionally keep notebooks covering class discussion points.
Students additionally participate in noontime and teaching conferences.
Students address a design problem in which innovation and attention to detail are emphasized.
Students address an actual business problem in their chosen areas of specialization.
Students address both design analysis and design synthesis in course assignments.
Students address character and leadership issues in an essay as part of the application.
Students address groups of all ages but mostly visit elementary, middle, and high schools.
Students address health care needs of workers in rural Michigan.
Students address issues.
Students address local problems that are related to the academic content of the course.
Students address problems of deportment and stage movement, diction, and meter.
Students address special problems in a variety of research areas.
Students address strategic organizational problems and optimization of the total enterprise.
Students address the clinical cases individually and in small groups.
Students address the intricate connection between film, identity and culture.
Students address the issue of shortage of resources and how managers try to compensate.
Students adjust light-source knobs on both sides of the morphing mirror to alter reflected images.
Students adjust their spoken language to communicate with different audiences.
Students adjust to changes.
Students adjust to their new environment by making friends and participating in social activities.
Students administer and serve as subjects for the tests.
Students administer influenza and immunization shots at schools and assess daycare centers.
Students administer intellectual tests under supervision.
Students administer personality tests under supervision.
Students administer the survey to family, friends, and students in remote locations.
Students administer their own budgets under the supervision of the project leader.
Students admire and respect their teachers.
Students admire the complimentary T-shirts provided by the Year of the Humane Child.
Students admit same sex attraction.
Students admit that the school is tough, but they also know they are safe.
Students adopt a physicist view of the four cases of motion in the order listed.
Students adopt a region of the country and dedicate a day to cleaning the environment in that area.
Students adopt one or more children for the evening.
Students adopt one particular subject area as their specialty.
Students adopt the attitude that turnabout is fair play.
Students adopt the puppy, and introduce it to the history, geography, and culture of their region.
Students advance according to individual progress.
Students advance around the bases by completing reading and requirements determined by the school.
Students advance at their own pace.
Students advance their dramatic skills by practicing and performing small plays.
Students advance through the curriculum by playing before juries of experienced musicians.
Students advance through the curriculum under parental supervision.
Students advance through the entire program with the same cohesive learning group.
Students advance through the program at their own pace.
Students advance to higher levels based on their evaluations in the previous semester.
Students advance to Ph.D. candidacy by completion of written and oral comprehensive examination.
Students advance to PhD candidacy by completion of written and oral comprehensive examination.
Students advance to the next grade after successfully completing a check sheet for that grade.
Students advancing into graduate school can then receive fellowship support for their studies.
Students advertise open rooms every semester on bulletin boards and online.
Students advise arrival time for pickup.
Students advise that the course is hardcore.
Students advise to take the class and be ready to participate.
Students advocate community recycling.
Students advocate for selves.
Students advocate the reduction of waste products.
Students affect people.
Students again connect the understanding of discipline in their everyday lives.
Students again discuss possibilities to explain the observations.
Students again do a reserach project on a topic of their choice.
Students again examine the structures when the substances have cooled and solidified.
Students again interact with questions about the solution.
Students again see that in the structure of mathematics, new ideas build on previous ideas.
Students again show forms, sparring and board and block breaking in demos.
Students again take four full-year classes or their equivalent.
Students again write their guesses by number three.
Students age six through nine years old work together in the same classroom.
Students ages five and older are encouraged to participate.
Students ages seven to twelve have participated in the past.
Students ages three and up meet one day weekly to polish their dance skills.
Students agree and question the value of their degree.
Students agree being cook is the best job, and pot sink, the dishwashers, is the worst job.
Students agree on a procedure for filling a box with rectangular blocks.
Students agree that good pictures make a class come alive.
Students agree that having weak immune systems during rush contributed to their current illnesses.
Students agree that internships offer a glimpse into the business world.
Students agree that it is a good time to get out there and build careers.
Students agree that the changes have impacted the library, but many say more changes are necessary.
Students agree that the department has some of the best teachers.
Students agree that the experience adds another dimension to their engineering studies.
Students agree that the summer atmosphere is more laid-back.
Students agree that the tales are widespread and quickly passed on.
Students agree that when it comes to decorating dorm rooms, there is a vast gender gap.
Students agree to abide by the policies or suffer the consequences.
Students agree to abstain from the use of alcoholic beverages, illegal drugs and unethical conduct.
Students agree to appropriate use policies upon activation of their network account.
Students agree to complete a minimum of two Co-op assignments with the option of a third.
Students agree to live with their host families for at least one term.
Students agree to treat school as a job in anticipation of employment.
Students agree to volunteer the same number of hours that they are trained during the next year.
Students agree to work in an underserved area of New Mexico or at least two years.
Students agree too, and so do corporate recruiters and journalists.
Students agree with the criteria set for the program and feedback has been overwhelmingly positive.
Students agree, saying that multi-media resources make it easier to study as well as learn in class.
Students aid each other.
Students aid the elderly in nursing homes, by going and visiting.
Students aim to educate others about election.
Students allege that the inaction is the result of pressure from government politicians.
Students allege the crash was caused by equipment design failure.
Students allegedly involved in misconduct have a right to privacy.
Students allocate tasks, research the topic and create a report and presentation.
Students allocate themselves to hospitals of their choice from a wide variety of options.
Students allow a narrow beam of laser light to strike a water surface.
Students allow philosophy to survive another generation.
Students almost feel like family and always feel at home in the geography department.
Students alone are responsible for their university tuition costs.
Students already can pray, and even meet in school Bible clubs.
Students already can understand and appreciate the diversity of life.
Students already do a longer than normal day.
Students already do have access to legal advice via other routes.
Students already eat lunch at school.
Students already employed in industry can negotiate an alternative internship experience.
Students already have a pretty heavy load.
Students already have a wide range of ethnic studies and women studies courses they can take.
Students already have Authcate accounts.
Students already have enough to deal with in their courses and grades.
Students already have lectures, they already have textbooks.
Students already have more courses to choose from.
Students already have some basic language knowledge.
Students already have the right to pray in public schools.
Students already have the right to pray in student-led Bible study groups under the Free Access Law.
Students already have the right to pray privately.
Students already know how to solve small conflicts, which if left unsolved can become big conflicts.
Students already know much about teaching since they have studied with many teachers.
Students already know quantitative and qualitative research methods when they enroll.
Students already know that law and politics are related.
Students already know that stress is often unavoidable.
Students already pay a hefty fee just to come here.
Students already pay a technology fee.
Students already see that there is a strong commitment to exploring religions of the world.
Students already sit on honor courts,etc.
Students already turn to each other for help.
Students also accept responsibility for repair or replacement of lost or damaged items.
Students also accept summer internships in New York City.
Students also access a web Site on the Internet to obtain all course material.
Students also accompany residents and faculty during fluoroscopy studies.
Students also accrue paid time off like any other employee, and receive paid company holidays.
Students also achieve some familiarity with current methods of literary criticism.
Students also acknowledge instructional technology's appeal to different learning styles.
Students also acquire a sense of history and different ways of life.
Students also acquire a sense of owner ship since they have some decision-making on what they do.
Students also acquire accounting skills requisite for the internship.
Students also acquire knowledge and skills for applying research in their practice.
Students also acquire knowledge of supplies, equipment, and technology used in today's offices.
Students also acquire techniques for researching original sources.
Students also acquire the necessary theoretical platform for further study in other disciplines.
Students also acquire the research skills necessary to conduct a research-oriented thesis.
Students also acquire the skills needed to retrieve software from the Internet.
Students also acquire work experience through cooperative education courses.
Students also act as assessors when they evaluate their own work or that of their peers.
Students also act out a scene from the play for video taping.
Students also act out a scene from the play for videotaping.
Students also adapt written materials to oral presentations.
Students also administrate and participate in a campus fiction reading.
Students also adopt a variety of roles.
Students also advertise the web as being the technology of the future.
Students also affiliate at a wide variety of community-based settings.
Students also agree that technology plays an intricate part in their lives.
Students also agree to comply with the directions of authorized college personnel.
Students also agree to pay any collection costs.
Students also aid in the development of the management plan for the garden.
Students also allow sympathetic situational factors to excuse unethical scientific practice.
Students also analyze a major feature film script in terms of structure, dialogue and characters.
Students also analyze and compare regional economic and trade blocs and prominent economic systems.
Students also analyze and evaluate controversial regional and global earth science issues.
Students also analyze existng multimedia projects and writings about multimedia.
Students also analyze the needs and responsibilities involved in being a parent.
Students also analyze their own educational trajectories and experiences with writing and reading.
Students also apply basic syllable division to improve pronunciation and spelling.
Students also apply ethological theories to humans.
Students also apply for federal educational loans.
Students also apply recently developed green chemistry.
Students also apply the scientific process to solve problems.
Students also apply the techniques they learn as a means of teaching creative expression.
Students also apply their skills to real-world problems through project courses.
Students also apply tissue culture methods to individual research projects.
Students also appreciate being given a business card at the end of the interview.
Students also appreciate the depth of the music instruction.
Students also appreciate the program's flexible repayment options.
Students also approach faculty members to see if they'll be a sponsor.
Students also are able to dine in a variety of restaurants and stay in first class accommodations.
Students also are able to make their own housing arrangements.
Students also are able to search the center's extensive database and alumni lists.
Students also are able to select two elective rotations.
Students also are able to tour a variety of job sites to learn about different occupations.
Students also are active in community projects, such as volunteering once a week at a food bank.
Students also are available for individual interviews.
Students also are citizens in a larger philosophical sense.
Students also are commonly involved in other campus activities.
Students also are eligible for lower-rate Eurailpasses and other discounts.
Students also are eligible for reimbursement from their sponsor for work-related expenses.
Students also are excited about the new school.
Students also are familiar with group decision making and problem solving.
Students also are invited to conduct research about how their own houses are utilized.
Students also are less likely to become homesick if they are having fun.
Students also are less likely to negotiate over salary.
Students also are responsible for air fare, personal expenses, medical insurance and passport fees.
Students also are responsible for paying for personal expenses and food.
Students also are responsible for the condition of their room door.
Students also are responsible for the content of all lectures.
Students also are responsible for their own transportation to clinical settings.
Students also are subject to the regular state and district standardized assessments.
Students also are very involved in the choice of the field study placement.
Students also are welcome to attend information sessions.
Students also are welcome to attend regular chapel services at the other schools in the Consortium.
Students also are welcome to pack their lunches.
Students also are well prepared for graduate study.
Students also are well prepared to matriculate into a doctoral program.
Students also are well-prepared to enter graduate and law school.
Students also are well-prepared to enter graduate school.
Students also arrange housing through companies specializing in vacation rental properties.
Students also assess the value of their experiences.
Students also assist clients in completing appropriate forms.
Students also assist clients with a number of legal issues, such as obtaining disability benefits.
Students also assist in surgical procedures while learning various instruments used.
Students also assist teachers with mathematics instruction.
Students also assist the clinical professor in arbitrating cases and drafting arbitration opinions.
Students also assist the local community by rebuilding homes or build a new one.
Students also assist with computer related community education classes.
Students also associate vocabulary words with pictures and text from the televised instruction.
Students also assume increasing responsibility for team leadership.
Students also assume responsibility for storing lofts.
Students also attach a copy of the writing topic to all three of their submissions.
Students also attain depth by studying particular literary periods or genres in detail.
Students also attend a choice of other classes, depending on their interests.
Students also attend a crime prevention session as part of their orientation each year.
Students also attend a fortnightly seminar which reflects their disciplinary interests.
Students also attend a live performance at one of the local theatres.
Students also attend a mandatory weekly lab meeting.
Students also attend a related senior seminar.
Students also attend a seminar taught by a trained faculty member at their institution.
Students also attend a weekly integrative field hour on campus with faculty and fellow students.
Students also attend a weekly seminar on campus.
Students also attend a weekly seminar organized by a peer.
Students also attend a weekly two hour integrative seminar.
Students also attend adult and pediatric neurology clinics.
Students also attend all lectures and conferences scheduled for the residents.
Students also attend an annual retreat.
Students also attend an on-site orientation upon arrival in Athens.
Students also attend art classes every other day.
Students also attend chapel three times a week.
Students also attend classes at local hospitals affiliated with the program for clinical experience.
Students also attend classroom sessions that focus on career choices and job search skills.
Students also attend computer education, physical education, and library.
Students also attend concerts, art exhibitions and dramatic productions.
Students also attend departmental seminars, and present a research seminar each year.
Students also attend didactic sessions on clinical ethics consultation and hospital ethics policies.
Students also attend field trips to accounting firms and other businesses.
Students also attend field trips to computer-related industries or to tour labs at universities.
Students also attend fortnightly meetings with their university supervisors.
Students also attend frequent seminars to gain exposure to ongoing research.
Students also attend from other countries around the world.
Students also attend intensive classes taught by a native English instructor three times a week.
Students also attend leadership training seminars.
Students also attend lectures given by experts from the secretarial field.
Students also attend lectures regularly.
Students also attend local IEEE section meetings.
Students also attend mediation sessions, settlement conferences, and court proceedings.
Students also attend monthly field seminars.
Students also attend monthly workshops during the academic year.
Students also attend morning and noon teaching conferences.
Students also attend pediatric and orthopedic specialty clinics.
Students also attend personal and social college survival workshops.
Students also attend practical engineering sessions.
Students also attend professional conferences with faculty.
Students also attend professor-led dialogues where they discuss and debate legal concepts.
Students also attend programs at Tennessee's professional campuses.
Students also attend regular university courses alongside native Spanish students.
Students also attend regularly scheduled teaching conferences.
Students also attend resident seminars and departmental case conferences.
Students also attend seminars on applying to college and securing financial aid.
Students also attend seminars, where they learn about the Hispanic community.
Students also attend seminars.
Students also attend several workshops, and give an introductory and final talk on their research.
Students also attend small group tutorials organised by members of the clinical or academic staff.
Students also attend special evening speaker presentations and computer lab tutorials.
Students also attend study blocks in the school holidays.
Students also attend teaching and clinical conferences.
Students also attend the computer lab twice a week.
Students also attend the intake in the outpatient clinic.
Students also attend the theater, seeing four contemporary British plays.
Students also attend the thesis presentations of senior honors students.
Students also attend the Vancouver International Film Festival.
Students also attend various cultural events throughout the city.
Students also attend weekly seminars with their college professor.
Students also attend workshops on how to lobby and create a platform.
Students also attend workshops on the college admission process, library and study skills.
Students also attend workshops prior to performances to discuss the role of the critic.
Students also attend workshops run by visiting professional writers.
Students also attend workshops, in which they learn crucial social and cognitive skills.
Students also avoid late registration charges.
Students also bear responsibility in the advising relationship.
Students also become acquainted with research resources used in theatre studies.
Students also become aware of the importance of contributing to the social work body of knowledge.
Students also become aware of the utility of a foreign language in the world of work.
Students also become familiar with issues of modern art theory and criticism.
Students also become familiar with the academic expectations of faculty.
Students also become familiar with the major database software being used in corporations.
Students also become familiar with the role of major international health organizations.
Students also become familiar with the skills needed for library research.
Students also become familiar with the use of the Internet for research.
Students also become familiar with the utility of numerous hull shapes and discuss various designs.
Students also become familiar with two attractive but very different communities and environments.
Students also become familiar.
Students also become involved with departmental activities.
Students also become more attentive and listen more intently to each other's responses.
Students also become more familiar with science sources in the library.
Students also become more familiar with, and develop more expertise, on the computer.
Students also become self-sufficient socially.
Students also become skilled with imaging equipment such as scanners and digital cameras.
Students also become teachers themselves by integrating what they've learned.
Students also become well informed about the particular policy issue being examined.
Students also become well-versed in a wide array of literature and poetry.
Students also begin a review of research literature around their topic.
Students also begin a two quarter foundation field practicum and integrative seminar.
Students also begin clinical training in the physiotherapy department of the clinic.
Students also begin dissection of the human body, starting with the upper and lower extremities.
Students also begin dropping out in large numbers that year.
Students also begin learning about basic networking and how to troubleshoot malfunctioning systems.
Students also begin more extensive cave exploration.
Students also begin preparations for their written compositions.
Students also begin preparing for their graduating semester's Portfolio Show.
Students also begin self-help and basic rescue skills.
Students also begin their own independent research in the second year of study.
Students also begin their science unit on liquids and solids.
Students also begin their unit notebooks.
Students also begin to develop a sense of change with respect to measurement .
Students also begin to develop their own theory of personality by writing a paper about themselves.
Students also begin to learn Chinese characters.
Students also begin to learn how to develop a radio program.
Students also begin to read literature, in preparation for the third-year courses.
Students also begin to study French History.
Students also begin to understand the contribution of entrepreneurial activity to the economy.
Students also begin to understand the significance of Florida's wetlands to the environment.
Students also begin to use refraction.
Students also begin to work on their public speaking skills through informal and formal speeches.
Students also begin using the forge to modify the factory shoes.
Students also believe they can have some blend of the old and new.
Students also belong to a group of other students with whom they share their experiences.
Students also benefit by conducting their own research project.
Students also benefit by gaining insights into the world of work, business and commerce.
Students also benefit by participating in specially planned activities, lectures, and social events.
Students also benefit financially, since they are paid for their work.
Students also benefit from a high level of interaction with quality classmates.
Students also benefit from a regular supplementary lecture series.
Students also benefit from a weekly tutorial session with the director.
Students also benefit from access to resources on the Internet.
Students also benefit from equipment improvements in the department funded by the companies.
Students also benefit from exposure to diverse cultures and environments.
Students also benefit from gaining exposure to real life information gathering tools.
Students also benefit from having a transcript of every class available for review.
Students also benefit from hearing their writing read aloud.
Students also benefit from helping to create at least some of the consequences of rule-breaking.
Students also benefit from learning how to competently analyze and evaluate information.
Students also benefit from observing the activities in a private law office and in the courtroom.
Students also benefit from posing a question to their teacher or another student via email.
Students also benefit from review games, which involve several methods of review.
Students also benefit from seeing the fruits of their labors displayed more quickly.
Students also benefit from small class sizes.
Students also benefit from summer jobs, internships and co-op programs.
Students also benefit from summer jobs, internships, and co-op programs.
Students also benefit from the availability and proximity of other research facilities on campus.
Students also benefit from the experience of their teachers.
Students also benefit from the many internships and summer work opportunities available locally.
Students also benefit from the nearby cultural resources available in New York City.
Students also benefit from the planned interrelation of the two areas of study.
Students also benefit from the variety of expertise.
Students also benefit in several ways.
Students also benefit musically when their aural perceptual abilities are developed.
Students also benefit professionally.
Students also benefit through an alumni network that spans the sciences.
Students also benefit through increased sensitivity to disabled individuals particularly classmates.
Students also bet on a horse race that was shown on a TV large screen.
Students also brainstorm methods to reduce the amount of waste from product packaging.
Students also bring photographs from home.
Students also bring their own diversity experiences into our discussions.
Students also bring their own spending money for entertainment.
Students also bring their projects for review.
Students also build a sundial, make a Mayan calendar, and demonstrate the greenhouse effect.
Students also build interpersonal skills by working and communicating with peers and teachers.
Students also build on previous skills and identify personal aesthetic concerns.
Students also build skills in oral and written communication.
Students also buy books of practice tests, or use one of several coaching software programs.
Students also calculate the volume of solid waste produced in their homes in a week.
Students also call on the university to create a stronger code of conduct.
Students also can access information on free scholarship search sites online.
Students also can access information on privately funded scholarships online.
Students also can apply many of the earned credits to existing master degree programs.
Students also can become involved in web design and web art.
Students also can benefit from Midwest Education Connection.
Students also can check on the library's holdings for materials found via citation databases.
Students also can choose to pay interest during the grace period.
Students also can choose to pay their interest during their grace period.
Students also can choose to place their essay in an open category competition.
Students also can choose to study special interest subjects such as calligraphy, crafts or Spanish.
Students also can collect data in real time.
Students also can compare the simulants' properties with actual soils of the Moon and Mars.
Students also can complete part of their teaching experience in either England or Wales.
Students also can complete part of their teaching experience in England or Wales.
Students also can complete the application online .
Students also can connected electronically to the television studio.
Students also can consult with the appropriate department chair.
Students also can cook their own meals with the facilities provided in the dormitories.
Students also can create a history of the watershed and educate others through plays, stories, etc.
Students also can create professional-looking Web pages for business and industry.
Students also can create their own extension activities.
Students also can design specialized minors with guidance from their faculty.
Students also can do living scenes from books.
Students also can do research in conjunction with their courses.
Students also can drop off any payments in the drop-box located in the center.
Students also can earn college credit for their marketing coursework.
Students also can earn college credit in some classes.
Students also can earn licensure in nursing and education.
Students also can elect to study a foreign sign language for three weeks before classes begin.
Students also can enroll in college-level courses for dual credit.
Students also can enroll on a noncredit basis.
Students also can explore security measures of the time.
Students also can explore transportation measures of the time.
Students also can file the financial aid form electronically.
Students also can find information about such things as shopping, careers, health and entertainment.
Students also can find themselves caught between personal interests and bolstering a college resume.
Students also can gain internship experience with local businesses, non-profit agencies, etc.
Students also can get help preparing for graduate school entrance exams in the new lab.
Students also can get information about readmission, housing and student telephone services.
Students also can hear the text spoken.
Students also can help their friends by notifying proper authorities of their concerns.
Students also can hope to gain an edge in the workplace.
Students also can insight into proper business tone, and clarity of purpose.
Students also can interact with other students through the same methods.
Students also can learn on the Net educational independence and intellectual autonomy.
Students also can leave phone messages with the professor's departmental office.
Students also can make use of the computer laboratory.
Students also can meet individually with a student assistant for additional writing assistance.
Students also can minor in psychology or sociology.
Students also can model for one another a variety of problem-solving strategies.
Students also can move beyond any one teacher's personal information bank.
Students also can nourish their minds by playing fascinating computer games.
Students also can opt to take their choice of electives, an internship or a research project.
Students also can participate in a number of literature-based reading programs.
Students also can participate in optional activities outside the classroom each week.
Students also can participate via dial-up or Internet connections using a remote gateway.
Students also can perform independent research projects for academic credit.
Students also can personally request consideration.
Students also can post questions and comments on class bulletins or send messages to professors.
Students also can print out a schedule of their classes on a time and date grid.
Students also can pursue an individually designed major.
Students also can receive a work-study job to earn money to help pay for school.
Students also can receive free tutoring in a variety of academic areas.
Students also can refer questions to a special email address.
Students also can rent an entire set of course videotapes for the semester.
Students also can research companies on the site.
Students also can run for and hold national offices.
Students also can search each of the sponsors' Web sites to learn more about programs and services.
Students also can select a general PCS curriculum without specialization.
Students also can select courses in photojournalism and visual communication, and public relations.
Students also can send e-mail to instructors and to each other.
Students also can serve in the non-profit field.
Students also can ski, hike, and enjoy year-round recreation.
Students also can study environmental regulations enforcement.
Students also can suggest package improvements.
Students also can switch between areas.
Students also can tailor their own unique program of study to meet specific needs.
Students also can take a concentration in entrepreneurship and venture development.
Students also can take advantages of virtual reality.
Students also can take electives such as test-taking, grammar, American culture and writing.
Students also can take free college courses to gain certification in specific interest areas.
Students also can take independent study and tutorial courses.
Students also can tap into their mentor's larger network.
Students also can update their information after graduation.
Students also can use e-mail.
Students also can use our computer software programs to perform virtual dissections.
Students also can use sauna, pool room, and a gym room situated on the campus.
Students also can use the categories to create additional graphic organizers.
Students also can use the laboratory for E-mail, Internet information retrieval and word processing.
Students also can view their transcripts and financial aid disbursements.
Students also carry around a diaper bag and stroller.
Students also carry out a design project.
Students also carry out a laboratory rotation outside of their direct thesis area.
Students also carry out a research project in the third year.
Students also carry out a research project or dissertation in the second year.
Students also carry out an extensive laboratory-based research project.
Students also carry out an individual research project.
Students also check out books every week.
Students also choose a concentration in either illustration, photography or computer graphics.
Students also choose a functional track in addictions nursing, management, or teaching.
Students also choose a maximum of three electives.
Students also choose a related field, from which they choose four courses.
Students also choose an academic minor or a concentration as part of their nursing programs.
Students also choose an approved emphasis.
Students also choose careers in auxiliary industries - specialized service and advisory businesses.
Students also choose either the exploratory wheel or a foreign language.
Students also choose electives from the courses they have explored during sixth and seventh grades.
Students also choose electives in their support area.
Students also choose from a selection of fresh fruit and vegetables at every meal.
Students also choose from a variety of elective classes to complete their schedule.
Students also choose from a variety of elective courses.
Students also choose from a variety of marketing electives to tailor to their own career objectives.
Students also choose from a variety of subjects taught in English or Korean.
Students also choose from a wide range of courses offered by the two departments.
Students also choose one additional course in literature or linguistics.
Students also choose one of three or four trips as part of the intensive field study group project.
Students also choose several foundation subjects such as history of science or ethnographic methods.
Students also choose six elective courses, in close consultation with their pathway advisers.
Students also choose technical electives in their area of interest.
Students also choose their own projects or activities.
Students also choose three elective courses from a variety of offerings on the classical world.
Students also choose two additional courses in a focus area from a variety of available options.
Students also choose two foundation courses designed to provide substantive, disciplinary knowledge.
Students also choose two other subjects.
Students also collaborate with a photojournalism class on a graphic reporting project.
Students also collect and analyze oral materials.
Students also collect resources on the topics covered in the course.
Students also come from nearby orphanages to visit the park and to participate in the camps.
Students also come from other educational institutions.
Students also come from very diverse backgrounds and different age groups.
Students also come in on their own time to print incoming messages for other students.
Students also come to campus for two summer intensive residencies during the program.
Students also come to Clark State to get started on a bachelor's degree.
Students also come to the library for exploratory classes.
Students also come to the library media center on their own.
Students also come to the library with their teachers for research projects.
Students also come to the program directly from a variety of academic programs.
Students also communicate the results of their investigations with verbal descriptions or drawings.
Students also communicate via chat rooms and bulletin boards.
Students also communicate via email with each other and experts in the respective fields.
Students also communicate with each other via e-mail.
Students also compare and contrast Japanese and American legal systems.
Students also compare and contrast the art from all the different regions of Africa.
Students also compare Foster and Chopin works to other musical forms.
Students also compare regional cooking styles found in target culture countries.
Students also compare their performances to that of an expert handicapper.
Students also compete in a wide variety of intramural sports.
Students also compete in academic and career development activities.
Students also compete in contests on the area, state and national level.
Students also compete in golf.
Students also compete in mock trials, usually with two students on each side of the case.
Students also compete in various athletic events.
Students also compile a professional portfolio at the end of the class.
Students also compile a Professional Portfolio, documenting learning outcomes and class projects.
Students also complain about how the variety lacks on the weekends.
Students also complain about the buy-back price of textbooks.
Students also complain about the point of view articulated in class by their British instructors.
Students also complete a capstone master's project focusing on some aspect of health care.
Students also complete a career exploration seminar.
Students also complete a coaching practicum.
Students also complete a core of education courses and curriculum content courses.
Students also complete a course evaluation form.
Students also complete a data analysis project related to their research area wherever possible.
Students also complete a design project.
Students also complete a detailed study of philosophers and various philosophies.
Students also complete a dissertation in their final year.
Students also complete a great deal of research at the doctoral level.
Students also complete a group project and a dissertation.
Students also complete a home water investigation and assess ways they can be wise with water.
Students also complete a major design project or a research thesis in their final year.
Students also complete a minor dissertation, which is normally linked to the internship.
Students also complete a number of home exercise and study questions during the semester.
Students also complete a professionally administered media internship program.
Students also complete a research methods paper, a further practicum paper, and an option paper.
Students also complete a research paper based on an internship or field experience.
Students also complete a research project based on their internship.
Students also complete a research project.
Students also complete a research study in the second year of the programme.
Students also complete a senior project.
Students also complete a service project in their local area and attend a ranger-led program.
Students also complete a statement of purpose before the internship is approved.
Students also complete a supervised original research project.
Students also complete a thesis and take a final examination.
Students also complete a thesis or project in an area of their own interest.
Students also complete a variety of writing activities to develop both fluency and accuracy.
Students also complete a worksheet to label various fossils and describe their characteristics.
Students also complete an academic component.
Students also complete an applied research project near the end of their studies.
Students also complete an associated seminar, and two area studies courses taught in English.
Students also complete an author study.
Students also complete an emphasis that consists of three courses.
Students also complete an evaluation of the agency and field instruction experience.
Students also complete an evaluation of their co-op assignment.
Students also complete an individual research project.
Students also complete an intensive master's project.
Students also complete an internship experience in a parish setting.
Students also complete an internship to gain practical work experience.
Students also complete an introductory chemistry course.
Students also complete an introductory course in chemistry.
Students also complete and defend a thesis.
Students also complete banking and payroll activities.
Students also complete both master's and doctoral research in the area of their choice.
Students also complete clinical assignments in affiliated cytology laboratories.
Students also complete course work in civil engineering.
Students also complete courses in communication skills, technical math and computer literacy.
Students also complete courses in professional education.
Students also complete courses in visual and oral communication.
Students also complete critical thinking test to establish baseline data.
Students also complete education requirements and a second area of emphasis or minor.
Students also complete evaluations, and their performance is tracked after the summer ends.
Students also complete fieldwork in their home communities each summer.
Students also complete general education courses.
Students also complete hands-on activities and are treated to a drink of sarsaparilla.
Students also complete independent laboratory and library projects.
Students also complete intensive reading of expository writings on a variety of cultural topics.
Students also complete interdisciplinary courses and the senior thesis.
Students also complete productions created in group projects or Advanced Classes.
Students also complete searches on the Internet.
Students also complete several other problems as part of their homework assignment.
Students also complete several page design projects as teams.
Students also complete survey forms concerning their educational experiences.
Students also complete technical coursework specific to a variety of basic health care occupations.
Students also complete the general requirements described in the undergraduate catalog.
Students also complete their first professional placement.
Students also complete their respective department's required courses.
Students also complete two elective courses which they select from a range of options.
Students also compose essays and stories in Hebrew.
Students also compose essays.
Students also comprehend thoughts, ideas, and feelings by viewing .
Students also comprehend thoughts, ideas, and feelings by viewing.
Students also conduct a research project supervised by department faculty on an individual basis.
Students also conduct an independent research project.
Students also conduct an independent, inquiry-oriented investigation.
Students also conduct an investigation to determine how much monarch caterpillars eat.
Students also conduct evidentiary hearings in a variety of administrative proceedings.
Students also conduct evidentiary hearings in a variety of administrative settings.
Students also conduct experiments using salt water.
Students also conduct field trips to soil-use problem sites.
Students also conduct independent experiments using newly learned lab techniques.
Students also conduct individual research projects towards a dissertation.
Students also conduct inquiries using filtration, evaporation, and chromatography.
Students also conduct legal research and prepare pleadings and motions.
Students also conduct participant observation field explorations at their sites.
Students also conduct project work in an actual company context.
Students also confirm the importance of parents.
Students also connect with a pen-pal from another country.
Students also connect with teachers, counselors and financial experts.
Students also consider community health implications related to the health of older adults.
Students also consider ethical standards and strategies for dealing with special situations.
Students also consider limits to learning and applications of learning principles.
Students also consider material on teratogens and birth defects, especially in humans.
Students also consider other benefits of retaining native vegetation on properties.
Students also consider the flooding potential in their own community.
Students also consider the international and national regulation of cross-border sales of goods.
Students also consider the major builder, and facility management for major investment projects.
Students also consider the policy implications of planned social change and dependence.
Students also consider the representative cultures and how they relate to their own.
Students also consider the uniqueness of Texas' wildlife and human impacts on wildlife diversity.
Students also consider vagrancy, jury service, and military obligation.
Students also consider whether artistic innovation is an achievement in itself.
Students also construct and analyze vacuum tube amplifiers, using DC load lines and curve families.
Students also construct graphs and use all four quadrants of the coordinate plane.
Students also construct predictions and explanations, and document experimental outcomes.
Students also construct the frame of one of the proposed rooms for the bed and breakfast.
Students also construct their own homepages on the Web.
Students also consult with a faculty adviser.
Students also consult with faculty members and department advisers.
Students also consult with their faculty advisor during orientation.
Students also contact counselors for advice and personal counseling.
Students also continue a community assessment that was initiated in previous courses.
Students also continue a community assessment which was initiated in the prerequisite course.
Students also continue their study of aspects of the French culture.
Students also continue their study of the written language.
Students also continue to develop keyboarding speed and accuracy skills.
Students also continue to develop knowledge related to careers in the fine arts.
Students also continue to develop note-taking and library research skills.
Students also continue to learn about German culture and customs.
Students also continue to master multiplication and division and to develop problem-solving skills.
Students also continue to practice on their own by reading controlled vocabulary solo stories.
Students also continue to research their topics and report periodically on their progress.
Students also continue to study the culture of German speaking countries.
Students also continue to study the pharmaceutical sciences.
Students also continue to view and respond to film and video as art forms.
Students also continue to work on their knowledge of farrier science and their Horsemanship skills.
Students also continue working on worksheets from the chapter.
Students also continue working with the forge shaping factory and handmade plates.
Students also contribute to campus life through the performing arts.
Students also contribute to fund raising to earn money for our school reward program.
Students also contribute to the publication of division and alumni newsletters.
Students also cover business studies and communication skills.
Students also cover practical aspects of negotiation.
Students also create a complete Website for a client.
Students also create a groundwater related project with a home-town mentor.
Students also create a marketing project which includes a product logo and commercial.
Students also create a portfolio, which becomes a tangible record of their accomplishments.
Students also create a simple web page and load it onto a local web server.
Students also create a take-home project illustrating the monthly theme.
Students also create a timeline with paper dolls that reflect the time period of the story.
Students also create an online magazine and other smaller projects.
Students also create and present a portfolio of their best work across subjects areas.
Students also create basic forms, add enhanced elements to forms, and add e-mail links.
Students also create basic forms, add enhanced elements to forms, and add E-mail links.
Students also create graphs that compare the physical properties of the elements.
Students also create movement and dance to accompany their instrument songs.
Students also create multimedia presentations based on their outdoor investigations.
Students also create rhythmic pattern routines using their bodies.
Students also create ribbed, plaited, and spoked baskets.
Students also create ten-minute productions two to three times a week.
Students also create their own circle graphs.
Students also create their own food recipes which is inspired by their favorite bugs.
Students also create their own pirate poems.
Students also create their own Web-based portfolio.
Students also create vector animations.
Students also create video with music and sound.
Students also criticallyy review recent articles in geologic applications of remote sensing.
Students also critique and relate to their own work the fiction of relevant professional authors.
Students also critique and relate to their own work the poetry of relevant professional poets.
Students also critique and relate to their own work the work of relevant professional authors.
Students also damage or steal each others work.
Students also deal with foreign accents in some dictation.
Students also debate redistricting based on municipal boundaries versus population counts.
Students also declare a breadth area, equivalent to a minor.
Students also defend in committee their dissertation proposal as well as the completed dissertation.
Students also defend their completed thesis work in a formal departmental seminar.
Students also deliver animals, give shots, and administer medicines.
Students also deliver oral presentations.
Students also demonstrate how hazardous substances can affect the health of test animals.
Students also demonstrate the ability to calibrate equipment and properly utilize herbicides.
Students also demonstrate their abilities during their capstone courses.
Students also demonstrate their capability to electronically access library resources.
Students also derive a mathematical equation for the relationship.
Students also derive an appreciation of, and an experience in, productive scholarship and research.
Students also deserve credit for putting in the time it takes for practices several times a week.
Students also design an animal with characteristics that help it to survive in a specific ecosystem.
Students also design an individual research project.
Students also design and build custom performance interface devices.
Students also design and build projects for regional and national competitions.
Students also design and conduct their own experiments using lenses.
Students also design and make their own ceramic chess pieces.
Students also design and prepare a concrete mixture to meet a specific set of specifications.
Students also design climate models using computer spreadsheets.
Students also design kite patterns of their own.
Students also design main stage productions.
Students also design service-learning projects with elementary school teachers.
Students also design the cover and develop and print most of the black and white photographs.
Students also design their own cigarette packs, but the packs have to be truthful.
Students also design their own t-shirt, which they get to screen print.
Students also design their research projects.
Students also design, conduct and analyse their own survey.
Students also design, implement, and report an original experiment in an area of social psychology.
Students also design, research and install exhibits.
Students also determine the galaxies' masses from their rotation curves.
Students also develop a better understanding of the implications of deafness for daily life.
Students also develop a drama project with a group of local children.
Students also develop a group report and video documentary based on the interviews.
Students also develop a knowledge and understanding of a foreign culture.
Students also develop a perspective on the impact of changing technology.
Students also develop a plan for change and write a grant proposal seeking support for it.
Students also develop a portfolio for presentation to the industry.
Students also develop a preliminary bibliography for their project.
Students also develop a research theme on an American culture of their own choice.
Students also develop a response plan and implement various portions of that plan.
Students also develop a responsibility for the care and maintenance of equipment.
Students also develop advanced skills through field work training in aging social service agencies.
Students also develop advocacy skills through moot court competitions.
Students also develop an appreciation for the community services available.
Students also develop an awareness of the importance of water quality.
Students also develop an awareness of themselves as members of a social identity group.
Students also develop an early childhood education personal philosophy statement.
Students also develop an extensive analytical bibliography.
Students also develop an oral history project as a hands-on experience on how history is determined.
Students also develop an understanding of various programming formats an announcing techniques.
Students also develop analytical and critical skills in the reading of ethnography.
Students also develop and apply creative techniques to solve specific design briefs.
Students also develop and write papers concerning their philosophy and theory of counseling.
Students also develop awareness of the critical role of arts advocacy.
Students also develop better research, critical thinking, and communication skills.
Students also develop brochures, newsletters, and complete a project using a presentations program.
Students also develop cardio-vascular endurance through lap swimming.
Students also develop closer friendships with peers and courses are teamwork oriented.
Students also develop competence in programming in an object-oriented language.
Students also develop computational skills in multiplication and division.
Students also develop computer and technical presentation skills.
Students also develop computer application skills.
Students also develop counseling relationships and conduct play therapy sessions with children.
Students also develop critical reading skills through analysis of essay models.
Students also develop economic reasoning by being exposed to elementary budgetary practices.
Students also develop essential literacy, numeracy, interpersonal skills and work ethic.
Students also develop four-year career and educational plans which identify a tentative career goal.
Students also develop general clinical skills for working with hearing populations.
Students also develop graphic, written and oral communication, and problem solving skills.
Students also develop imaginative thinking and sensitivity to their visual environment.
Students also develop improvisation skills, creating spontaneous, interpretive performances.
Students also develop job skills transferable to any job.
Students also develop lists of Web sites that support their designed programs.
Students also develop motor skills with games such as table hockey.
Students also develop new forms of media literacy that new technologies make possible.
Students also develop no understanding of causality in history.
Students also develop oral communication skills.
Students also develop personal mission statements to focus on their core purpose.
Students also develop professional work habits and can make valuable career contacts.
Students also develop proficiency with current database and spreadsheet applications.
Students also develop public speaking skills.
Students also develop reading, writing, and conversational skills.
Students also develop refined listening skills.
Students also develop resource materials in music, visual aids and bibliographies.
Students also develop sensitivity and respect for individuals and diverse cultures.
Students also develop skills in frame and steering alignment and in damage estimating and repair.
Students also develop skills in graphics or photography that complement their writing skills.
Students also develop skills in interpersonal relations.
Students also develop skills in socialization, leadership and planning strategies.
Students also develop skills in the areas of learning, problem solving, and personal development.
Students also develop skills needed to converse successfully with people of varying social levels.
Students also develop special topic and interdisciplinary majors.
Students also develop specialized skills.
Students also develop strong relationships with each other and learn a great deal from each other.
Students also develop strong time management and critical skills such as multitasking.
Students also develop study group skills.
Students also develop support networks.
Students also develop techniques for effective library research.
Students also develop the knowledge and skills to explore the Internet.
Students also develop the major components of the business plan.
Students also develop the necessary technical competence in quantitative and computer support areas.
Students also develop their ability to classify animals as they age.
Students also develop their capacity of expression in writing, music, dance or the visual arts.
Students also develop their close reading skills in our literature program.
Students also develop their own portfolio of artwork from many artistic periods in history.
Students also develop their personal interest in the region in depth as they prepare a dissertation.
Students also develop their skills in the areas of nego- tiating, marketing and analyzing.
Students also develop their teaching skills by teaching organized classes under faculty supervision.
Students also develop their writing skills through written assignments and short essays.
Students also develop training manuals and job aids.
Students also develop vocabulary and reading skills.
Students also develop ways to assure food safety and high nutritional value.
Students also develop Web sites as part of the curriculum.
Students also develop writing skills through short compositions and letter writing.
Students also differ in their preference for the delivery mode.
Students also disassemble computers.
Students also discover how animal sensory systems differ from our own.
Students also discover new relationships among science, the arts and entrepreneurship.
Students also discover self worth through collaborative approaches to writing.
Students also discover what people do for a living and what is of interest or importance in an area.
Students also discuss and practice Shakespearean language.
Students also discuss career options with their preceptors.
Students also discuss current events and geography in relation to reporting.
Students also discuss current events in French speaking countries.
Students also discuss daily mini-lessons on writing and design topics.
Students also discuss early periodicals and novels.
Students also discuss ethical and safety issues in the use of computers as an instruction tool.
Students also discuss forests as a system of plants, animals, and decomposers.
Students also discuss issues relating to sexuality and decision-making regarding sexual activity.
Students also discuss libel and ethical concerns that can affect their writing and careers.
Students also discuss politics of indigenous artisans.
Students also discuss pollution and ways to keep our waters clean.
Students also discuss problems in research methods and in the identification of audiences.
Students also discuss selected readings provided by the instructor.
Students also discuss the ethical and social issues which arise from advances in the genome project.
Students also discuss the factors that cause weather condition changes.
Students also discuss the role of science in musical life.
Students also discuss the use of assessment to improve student learning.
Students also discuss the ways they think scientists study animals.
Students also discuss their responses to issues that arise.
Students also discuss tutoring strategies.
Students also discuss weather forecasting, air pollution, and climate change.
Students also dislike their diminished lunch options.
Students also display their achievements in public presentations.
Students also disrespect the lecture halls themselves.
Students also do a research paper in psychology under direction of instructor.
Students also do a three month internship in the biotechnology industry.
Students also do an in-class report and a paper on that topic.
Students also do an internship in biotechnology company or university or government laboratory.
Students also do assignments and have discussions through the Web.
Students also do independent studies in choreography and dance education.
Students also do Internet research in the media center and in two computer labs.
Students also do law-related internships with judges, lawyers, and prosecutors.
Students also do oral presentation of technical papers selected by students from the library.
Students also do porta-pak projects to sharpen their writing, video production, and editing skills.
Students also do projects to teach others how to use technology.
Students also do service learning, which is a challenge to facilitate with remote students.
Students also do studio work.
Students also do weekly volunteer projects and class discussion.
Students also document in the patient charts under the supervision of the field instructor.
Students also document their field work experiences.
Students also donate dimes for bingo games.
Students also draft research memoranda, strategy memoranda, pleadings, motions and trial briefs.
Students also draft wills, powers of attorney, and other legal documents.
Students also draft, revise, edit, and send and receive peer responses through email.
Students also draw a picture of their animal.
Students also draw at least two of the plants and animals they notice.
Students also draw geometric shapes in creative designs for the bulletin boards.
Students also draw in the line of symmetry.
Students also draw on math skills to date the sand samples.
Students also draw their creations from all four sides.
Students also dress according to moods, schedules and environments.
Students also earn a yummy treat as a reward for working hard.
Students also earn academic credit for their work experience.
Students also earn four undergraduate non-degree credits.
Students also earn group or individual points for positive behavior.
Students also earn Merlin dollars for reaching their reading goals.
Students also earn one credit of art and fulfill the sixth course requirement.
Students also earn one dollar for each red card that is played by the entire class.
Students also earn one science credit.
Students also earn the multi-engine rating.
Students also eat at the many commerical establishments in the community.
Students also edit the articles, take the pictures, and lay out each issue.
Students also educate and inform the university community about civil rights.
Students also email eachother alot.
Students also email local, state or national officials.
Students also encounter new literature and writing experiences in many genres.
Students also encounter the fundamental disciplines of the arts and sciences.
Students also engage directly in some language learning activities.
Students also engage in a research project related to course content.
Students also engage in a variety of aquatic activities and water safety techniques.
Students also engage in community service projects.
Students also engage in cooperative team activities.
Students also engage in directed research beginning in the first or second year of graduate study.
Students also engage in film analysis, and fine-tune their revision skills.
Students also engage in lively discussions on important professional issues.
Students also engage in poll-taking, mediating, and a legislative simulation.
Students also engage in reviews of work performed by volunteer classes.
Students also engage in teacher directed classroom activities that center on work issues.
Students also engage in team debates during class.
Students also engage in weekly seminars related to the area of study.
Students also enhance basic learning skills.
Students also enhance digital fingerprints and images of hair and tire treads as they solve crimes.
Students also enhance speaking and listening skills when they read and perform a full length play.
Students also enhance their learning through co-op and internship experiences.
Students also enjoy a larger, richer community of classmates.
Students also enjoy a salad bar, deli bar, the grill and desserts.
Students also enjoy a variety of intramural team sports and free recreation opportunities.
Students also enjoy a wide range of intramural physical education activities.
Students also enjoy an extensive program of intramural competition.
Students also enjoy borrowing privileges at numerous other seminaries.
Students also enjoy classes in physical education and art.
Students also enjoy dancing.
Students also enjoy easy access to computers with ample computer time in the labs.
Students also enjoy excursions, guest speakers and cultural activities as part of the curriculum.
Students also enjoy food from the garden, including kale, collard greens, Swiss chard, and cabbage.
Students also enjoy identifying types of the world's naturally occurring energy sources.
Students also enjoy intramural soccer, track, basketball and tennis.
Students also enjoy life on campus.
Students also enjoy linking together a series of images to examine change over time.
Students also enjoy many opportunities to work closely with faculty in their research.
Students also enjoy more stimulating studies in school.
Students also enjoy opportunities for off-shore sailing and developing maritime skills.
Students also enjoy opportunities to study in elective areas and to visit American schools.
Students also enjoy rates that are often lower than the community.
Students also enjoy reading the book from the previous years classes.
Students also enjoy reduced fees.
Students also enjoy renting bicylces and hiking.
Students also enjoy rewriting fables and folktales into modern day language.
Students also enjoy science and research opportunities in an outdoor nature lab.
Students also enjoy supervised recreational activities.
Students also enjoy the annual prison tour each Spring.
Students also enjoy the benefits of interactions and learning experiences with graduate students.
Students also enjoy the convenience of an Internet cafe next door to the campus building.
Students also enjoy the convenience of charging meals for visitors and being billed later.
Students also enjoy the cultural advantages of the City of Philadelphia.
Students also enjoy the rich cultural diversity of Chicago s art, music and theater communities.
Students also enjoy the stimulation of their bright, ambitious classmates.
Students also enjoy traveling and Greece and Europe offer a plethora of choices.
Students also enroll for an orientation seminar which is coordinated with the language course.
Students also enroll in a practicum during the second year.
Students also enroll in a Spanish language class at beginner, intermediate or advanced level.
Students also enroll in a Spanish language class at beginner, intermediate, or advanced level.
Students also enroll in a three course in conversational spanish.
Students also enroll in an advanced Spanish language class.
Students also enroll in an affective skills course.
Students also enroll in an appropriate-level recitation class.
Students also enroll in courses specific to the area of expertise that they wish to develop.
Students also enroll in one elective program course of their choice per trimester.
Students also enter video competitions in which they have had success.
Students also establish and manage a small business enterprise.
Students also establish better connections with universities in other countries.
Students also establish primary keyboarding skills.
Students also estimate the amount of drift ice around Antarctica.
Students also evaluate both the course material and the instructor.
Students also evaluate chapel services when they turn in their chapel cards.
Students also evaluate current hardware in terms of educational requirements.
Students also evaluate election data, demographics, and the implications of American civil liberty.
Students also evaluate patients in specialty outpatient settings.
Students also evaluate presentations by others.
Students also evaluate the internship experience during and after specific work assignments.
Students also evaluate the prospects of the new governments which have replaced the Soviet Union.
Students also evaluate their faculty.
Students also evaluate their own understanding and progress. . .
Students also examine and evaluate professionally developed simulations.
Students also examine art work from different cultures and time periods.
Students also examine different economic systems and economic development.
Students also examine ethical and legal issues related to broadcast journalism.
Students also examine group dynamics, basic human needs, leadership styles, and safety aspects.
Students also examine how all artists rely on practice and persistence to develop a skill.
Students also examine how capitalism, racism, imperialism, and heterosexism affect women s lives.
Students also examine how their theoretical orientation informs their assessment methodology.
Students also examine language use and engage in discussions and debates.
Students also examine poetry related to war.
Students also examine some of the strategies used to manage pastures to prevent their degradation.
Students also examine South Africa and the system of apartheid.
Students also examine specialized areas of telecommunications systems management.
Students also examine the crucial issue of the social and psychological construction of gender.
Students also examine the effect of current and emerging technologies on nursing practice.
Students also examine the ethical implications of business decisions.
Students also examine the great diversity of lifestyles that our multicultural heritage embraces.
Students also examine the important roles that film and television play in society.
Students also examine the major comprehensive health topics and current health issues.
Students also examine the rate of change between the two variables in a quadratic function.
Students also examine the role of small business and the international dimension of business.
Students also examine the role of the official or coach and develop an understanding of team play.
Students also examine the role of the spiritual quest in the recovery from chemical dependency.
Students also examine the role that leisure plays in current societal issues.
Students also examine the tribulations many minority groups have encountered.
Students also examine their own behavior and learn how it relates to the behavior of others.
Students also examine their values in view of the values and ethics of the social work profession.
Students also examine various approaches to international integration.
Students also excel in academic competition as well as in their course work.
Students also excel in ice skating and ice hockey.
Students also exchange ideas and work with other students.
Students also execute field production projects with specialized field equipment.
Students also exercise and bathe the horses involved.
Students also exhibit in a senior show, which serves as an exit review.
Students also exhibit their work in an annual art exhibition open to the campus and to the public.
Students also expand their critical thinking and problem solving skills.
Students also expand their reading and listening comprehension skills.
Students also expand their understanding of congruence, similarity, and symmetry.
Students also expand their vocational training skills by working on community projects.
Students also expect colleges to present a distinctive home page and image.
Students also expect that their email and phone calls be answered within a day or so.
Students also expect to be graded individually for their contribution to group work.
Students also expect to have fun outside of class time.
Students also experience a broad, balanced science curriculum.
Students also experience benefits beyond academic development.
Students also experience building sets used for studio programming.
Students also experience certain legitimate crises during the course of the semester.
Students also experience choices as they negotiate conflicts.
Students also experience expanded social freedom in their self-management of dormitories.
Students also experience hands-on opportunities to prepare both metallic and ceramic materials.
Students also experience practical applications of the basic skills.
Students also experience practical shooting and instruction.
Students also experience the relationship between community health nursing and environmental health.
Students also experiment with prisms and discover how the lighthouse beacon kept mariners on course.
Students also experiment with surface tension and the density of common solutions.
Students also explain the function of sulfuric acid in the investigation.
Students also explain the responsibilities of union officers.
Students also explore a hyper linked map and timeline of the voyage.
Students also explore a method for finding a line which closely describes data.
Students also explore aids and activities to promote language development.
Students also explore and analyze existing web sites to gain design information.
Students also explore approaches to classroom management, discipline and evaluation.
Students also explore aspects of communication theory and apply their findings to their writing.
Students also explore career choices through research, guest lectures, and informational interviews.
Students also explore career interests and opportunities.
Students also explore career opportunities in the textile industry.
Students also explore career options and assess strengths and weaknesses.
Students also explore commercial applications and receive training in archival techniques.
Students also explore communication and medical ethics issues using care design models.
Students also explore concepts of self- esteem and factors affecting interpersonal relationships.
Students also explore connections between history and the modern world.
Students also explore ethical implications in the use of medications with elders.
Students also explore factors of ten.
Students also explore governmental and organizational structures within which law operates.
Students also explore hands-on exhibits in the recently refurbished natural science galleries.
Students also explore how culture affects program users.
Students also explore how the images from their two eyes are slightly different because of parallax.
Students also explore important things to look for when shopping and caring for furniture.
Students also explore making shadows using a flashlight.
Students also explore matrix operations, properties, and applications.
Students also explore monotypes single images made from paintings on Plexiglas.
Students also explore new materials and sculptural processes.
Students also explore opportunities for student involvement in research and training programs.
Students also explore PC management.
Students also explore principles of animal science from nutrition to physiology and anatomy.
Students also explore properties of equality.
Students also explore social and historical impact on literature.
Students also explore societal norms, laws and values, and how they relate to family violence.
Students also explore the concepts of theatrical makeup and design through lecture and practice.
Students also explore the creative potential of music through performance.
Students also explore the different environments of care where the elderly adult resides.
Students also explore the discourse on conservation and endangered species in the popular media.
Students also explore the general concepts involved in each genre.
Students also explore the general ideas of Fermat's Last Theorem.
Students also explore the history of inventions that have become a part of our daily lives.
Students also explore the lives of composers and employ music symbols and terminology.
Students also explore the natural environment as part of an experiential course.
Students also explore the relationship of immigration law to employment law and tax law.
Students also explore the role of switches and routers in a network.
Students also explore the social and dramatic undercurrents that make opera meaningful.
Students also explore the theory and practice of electrocardiography.
Students also explore the use of DNA technologies to solve real-world problems.
Students also explore the various types of anesthesia.
Students also explore their personal attitudes towards suicide and persons who are suicidal.
Students also explore topics in graph theory and constructive combinatorics, time permitting.
Students also explore uses and effects of music on individuals and groups.
Students also explore various areas of studio art.
Students also explore various types of nonfiction to develop and enhance critical thinking skills.
Students also explore ways in which to keep going while breaking into new voices and subject matter.
Students also explore ways to integrate art into their word processed documents using ArtRoundUp.
Students also express a growing interest in the arts and humanities.
Students also face disciplinary hearings.
Students also face dozens of essay and open-ended questions.
Students also face intense academic pressure.
Students also face transition because they have transferred from another university.
Students also favor maintaining current enrollment levels or even shrinking a bit in size.
Students also feel a great sense of responsibility to the group.
Students also feel overwhelmed with other activities owing to classes, study, and work.
Students also feel ownership of the lab exercise so they are motivated to collect their data.
Students also feel safer in school.
Students also feel that they are able to accomplish something.
Students also fill out job applications and interview for jobs.
Students also fill the roles of models, stage hands, dressers, and ushers.
Students also finance their studies through national fellowships and traineeships.
Students also find a large collection of pressed plants in the herbarium.
Students also find analytic discussion of the texts engaging and thought-provoking.
Students also find camaraderie through their research groups and research seminar series.
Students also find employment in a variety of settings off campus.
Students also find housing in privately owned buildings in the surrounding community.
Students also find it a relaxing place to curl up with a book .
Students also find it difficult to be away from their homes for the first time.
Students also find it difficult to communicate ideas across subject areas.
Students also find it easy to communicate with faculty and other students by e-mail.
Students also find it helpful to create a map when using most simulation or role-playing games.
Students also find it invaluable having their own off campus Internet connection service.
Students also find more relevance to their on-campus coursework.
Students also find on-campus employment as tutors for math, chemistry, and physics.
Students also find opportunities to have their photography publicly exhibited.
Students also find out about employment opportunities in other European countries.
Students also find plenty to do off campus.
Students also find portfolios useful when seeking employment or career advancement.
Students also find such cards useful.
Students also find summer employment throughout the campus.
Students also find that co-op holds a certain amount of power over their lives.
Students also find the program beneficial.
Students also find the readings inspiring.
Students also find the tutor and the lab consultants helpful.
Students also find time to play pick-up games of ultimate frisbee, softball, soccer and volleyball.
Students also focus on design work.
Students also focus on how water percolates through soil.
Students also focus on Latin word building skills such as roots and prefixes.
Students also focus on Latin word building skills such as the use of roots and prefixes.
Students also focus on library and on-line research skills for research paper writing.
Students also focus on sequential writing.
Students also follow a library skills programme through their English lessons.
Students also follow the evolution of objects and ideas.
Students also follow the rate of reaction by nmr.
Students also form research teams to study tensions in the sites of their choice.
Students also further their education with graduate courses.
Students also gain a better sense of the intrinsic value of education .
Students also gain a better sense of the intrinsic value of education.
Students also gain a better understanding of the effects of private support on higher education.
Students also gain a better understanding of the role human beings play in the ecosystem.
Students also gain a broader and deeper appreciation of beauty.
Students also gain a comprehensive knowledge of pathology, neurology, and kinesiology.
Students also gain a foundation in theology, counseling, English and math.
Students also gain a greater ability to use informal, conversational English.
Students also gain a working knowledge of basic medical terminology.
Students also gain acceptance into the most selective graduate schools.
Students also gain access to slide presentations and text files that likewise reside on that site.
Students also gain access to the courses through their Web browsers.
Students also gain an appreciation for Russian architecture and art.
Students also gain an appreciation for the nature of moral hazard and adverse selection issues.
Students also gain an appreciation for the roles of leaders and followers within a group.
Students also gain an awareness and knowledge of the U.S. free enterprise system.
Students also gain an awareness of the array of skills needed for meaningful involvement.
Students also gain an understanding of composition and color aesthetics.
Students also gain an understanding of cooperative living.
Students also gain an understanding of our international community and a global perspective.
Students also gain an understanding of the constitutions of the United States and Wyoming.
Students also gain an understanding of the important research questions being pursued in the lab.
Students also gain an understanding of the related areas of mathematics, materials and machining.
Students also gain an understanding of the Spanish-speaking culture.
Students also gain an understanding of time, resource, and project management.
Students also gain assistance in publishing their research in a referred journal.
Students also gain audition skills.
Students also gain CAD experience.
Students also gain clinical experience at community hospitals throughout the state.
Students also gain clinical experience at other hospitals in southeastern Minnesota.
Students also gain clinical experience in medical interviewing and physical examination.
Students also gain contacts to enhance their employment prospects after graduation.
Students also gain critical knowledge in the areas of auditing and taxations.
Students also gain entrance to universities in the UK, Spain, and Japan.
Students also gain experience by completing a required internship in family law.
Students also gain experience by completing a required internship that focuses on business law.
Students also gain experience in actual productions.
Students also gain experience in catering.
Students also gain experience in critical thinking and listening techniques.
Students also gain experience in designing and producing effective maps.
Students also gain experience in digital imaging, using computers to work with images.
Students also gain experience in facilitating public forums to help reach consensus.
Students also gain experience in machine transcription.
Students also gain experience in making engineering reports.
Students also gain experience in reading and interpreting manufacturer's equipment performance data.
Students also gain experience in research by carrying out independent research projects.
Students also gain experience in the use of computerised data bases and other reference systems.
Students also gain experience in using a grid as a resource to make better estimations.
Students also gain experience with analytical equipment, computer systems, and in fieldwork.
Students also gain experience with basic electronic test equipment and printed circuit board repair.
Students also gain experience working in residential settings with developmental disability.
Students also gain experiences and develop self-confidence in classroom management.
Students also gain experiences in the use of research design, statistics and computer software.
Students also gain experiences in writing technical reports and responses to consumers.
Students also gain expertise in the latest computer programs and library tools.
Students also gain exposure to many careers related to science and technology.
Students also gain extensive experience in grantsmanship and oral presentation of data.
Students also gain extensive experience with computers.
Students also gain facility using the concepts and tools through written assignments and exams.
Students also gain familiarity with special-purpose simulation software.
Students also gain firsthand experience with public health issues through completion of a practicum.
Students also gain hands-on experience in the greenhouse and lab.
Students also gain hands-on experience in the lab portion of the course.
Students also gain hands-on experience through the program's required practicum component.
Students also gain hands-on work by completing annual projects around campus.
Students also gain in depth business knowledge by concentrating in one of six areas of business.
Students also gain information regarding career opportunities related to physical activity.
Students also gain insight into issues involved in larger, enterprise-wide database applications.
Students also gain insights into the workings of foreign companies.
Students also gain knowledge in basic business principles and procedures.
Students also gain knowledge of accessing library resources.
Students also gain knowledge of auditing through theory and practice.
Students also gain life skills.
Students also gain more knowledge and awareness of French and francophone cultures.
Students also gain practical experience in public relations writing and presentation.
Students also gain practical experience through a variety of modern facilities.
Students also gain practical experience via internships.
Students also gain practical experience with the use of commercial multimedia design software.
Students also gain skills in higher level thinking and comprehension.
Students also gain skills in interviewing and counseling techniques.
Students also gain skills in professional management, eyewear fabrication and dispensing.
Students also gain skills such as laboratory techniques and first aid.
Students also gain stronger reading and rhetorical skills.
Students also gain the ability to evaluate the Roman influence on other civilizations.
Students also gain valuable community service experience.
Students also gain valuable experience by teaching undergraduate courses.
Students also gain valuable experience in helping to plan university-wide programs and celebrations.
Students also gain valuable experiences in oral argument and instruction.
Students also gain valuable hands-on experience.
Students also gain valuable writing, computer and office experience.
Students also gather and share data as part of the interdisciplinary curriculum.
Students also gather for movies and dinners both on and off campus.
Students also gather for social activities such as an evening at the Shakespeare Festival of Dallas.
Students also gather information from books.
Students also gather there to listen to live music, stage poetry readings and just hang out.
Students also get a discount.
Students also get a kick out of seeing their names on the list of successful solutions.
Students also get a lot of positive reinforcement and positive feedback.
Students also get a subtle feel for judges and lawyers making highly discretionary decisions.
Students also get a week off between semesters.
Students also get all their daily needs provided for on campus.
Students also get an opportunity to create common hours for each other.
Students also get an opportunity to experience the satisfaction of primary care practice.
Students also get assignments and post course work over the Internet.
Students also get assistance in planning their high school course selections.
Students also get deeply involved in problem solving.
Students also get exceptional clinical experience here.
Students also get experience in exam writing and preparation.
Students also get firsthand exposure to fracture management through the department's cast clinics.
Students also get hands-on experience in assembling a promotional campaign.
Students also get information about college alternatives and application procedures.
Students also get limited time on the wheel.
Students also get one credit for conducting a set of field projects in and around Prague.
Students also get real-world experience for their resumes and earn money to help with tuition.
Students also get reduced admissions.
Students also get registered and automatically notified of upcoming major and career-related events.
Students also get safety training before they take part in cutting the lumber.
Students also get special attention outside of academics.
Students also get the chance to wear surgical masks and caps donated by local hospitals.
Students also get the message that writing is a great a tool for working through muddy ideas.
Students also get the opportunity to dialogue with others.
Students also get the opportunity to publish their own articles.
Students also get theory and hands-on experience on lathes and milling machines.
Students also get to display reports and projects they have done in class.
Students also get to go on a river-rafting trip and spend a few days in a jungle for a safari.
Students also get to know each other better after several days of riding on a tour bus.
Students also get to meet other kids their age from different states and countries.
Students also get to read about some other natural and human disasters.
Students also get to see and experience the living and working conditions of the immigrants.
Students also get to surf the net for different things related to their studies.
Students also get to try their hand at building brand-new computers from scrtach.
Students also get to try their hands at improvisation and writing plays.
Students also get to work in the community with children's theater and high school productions.
Students also get tutoring, they point out.
Students also give a short oral report on the seigneury.
Students also give back to the community through various service learning programs.
Students also give each other feedback on their presentations.
Students also give letters or small gifts in a display of gratitude.
Students also give recitals and present composition portfolios.
Students also give several presentations based on literature papers.
Students also give several spontaneous and rehearsed oral presentations and prepare written reports.
Students also give short oral presentations of their findings.
Students also give talks on the topic of their minor survey .
Students also go on annual camping trips.
Students also go on field trips, arrange internships, and attend science lectures.
Students also go online frequently.
Students also go to college campus to take classes.
Students also go to hospitals, nursing homes, food banks and childcare centers.
Students also go to watch an exciting dance performance that went along with the piece.
Students also grasp the fundamentals of layout and design.
Students also grow in Christian love for each other, sharing both their blessings and burdens.
Students also grow spiritually through religious retreats, prayer services and community service.
Students also hail from Canada, China, England, Estonia, Greece, India, Mexico and Turkey.
Students also hale from Canada, China, England, Estonia, Greece, India, Mexico and Turkey.
Students also handle communication with clients.
Students also handle routine eviction cases and family law matters.
Students also have a chance to develop their self-esteem as they build mastery of a new skill.
Students also have a chance to eat a snack during the afternoon at our snack bar.
Students also have a chance to improve their oral communication skills and leadership skills.
Students also have a chance to win individual monetary awards.
Students also have a chance to work with software that is normally used only in graphics classes.
Students also have a choice between taking either a research or an advanced design project.
Students also have a choice in selecting a counselor.
Students also have a choice of a wardrobe-type closet or a chest of drawers.
Students also have a choice of suite, corridor or apartment living.
Students also have a difficult time reasoning.
Students also have a display of toys, pictures, artifacts, coins and paper money from Mexico.
Students also have a faculty advisor in their major field of study.
Students also have a full and active sporting life, but can get many injuries.
Students also have a greater chance to shine.
Students also have a greater sense that there is respect for diversity within the schools.
Students also have a guided exposure over a one-month period to a variety of clinical problems.
Students also have a lot to teach each other.
Students also have a maximum time-frame in which to complete their academic program.
Students also have a midterm and final exam for the term.
Students also have a practical opportunity to create ads and commercials.
Students also have a responsibility in and for the joy of learning.
Students also have a responsibility to contribute to their educational costs.
Students also have a responsibility to help pay for their education.
Students also have a role in the contractual relationship.
Students also have a role in the enforcement and use of the acceptable use policy.
Students also have a role to play.
Students also have a sense in taking part in an important progression of events.
Students also have a separate CGI server to refer to.
Students also have a tape that they can include in their portfolio when interviewing for a job.
Students also have a teacher who is well prepared and informed on the topic being presented.
Students also have a textbook that outlines the basics of kitchen work.
Students also have a very positive attitude about the programs that are offered.
Students also have a viva examination to help assessment.
Students also have a wide choice of part time and summer jobs in Sioux Falls agencies.
Students also have a wide variety of classes from which to choose.
Students also have a wide variety of study-abroad options.
Students also have access and use of the base libraries.
Students also have access from their high school library to library holdings at both universities.
Students also have access on campus to the Internet, which provides a wide range of information.
Students also have access through inter-library loan to all materials at our various locations.
Students also have access to a comprehensive online library of state tax reference materials.
Students also have access to a computer in their classroom.
Students also have access to a computerized lab for tutoring and computer support.
Students also have access to a digital editing lab and digital audio suites.
Students also have access to a large collection of videotapes.
Students also have access to a large, university-wide computer center.
Students also have access to a laundry room located in the basement with two washers and two dryers.
Students also have access to a library containing directories of grant opportunities.
Students also have access to a modern color television facility.
Students also have access to a number of noteworthy collections.
Students also have access to a part-time nurse and counseling staff.
Students also have access to a scanner and a digital camera.
Students also have access to a sequencer program as well as a high end music notation program.
Students also have access to a statewide network of computers.
Students also have access to a variety of international exchange opportunities.
Students also have access to a variety of job placement software and internet programs.
Students also have access to a variety of printed materials on graduate study and career options.
Students also have access to a wide variety of educational software.
Students also have access to a wide variety of extra-curricular activities.
Students also have access to additional computer labs on campus.
Students also have access to additional research and information resources located in the institute.
Students also have access to advanced graphics workstations and color printers.
Students also have access to all mentors via an alumni mentor directory.
Students also have access to all recreational facilities on campus.
Students also have access to an active and helpful alumni career advising network.
Students also have access to an encyclopedia, glossary, and a database with search facility.
Students also have access to an extensive network of computers for their instruction and research.
Students also have access to an Internet-connected computer lab.
Students also have access to an on-campus cable channel.
Students also have access to athletic facilities at a nearby university.
Students also have access to Atlanta's rich cultural offerings.
Students also have access to audio analysis systems and general computing facilities.
Students also have access to boxes in each of the dormitories.
Students also have access to community organizations such as scouts, guides and cadets.
Students also have access to computer in their homerooms as well.
Students also have access to computer technology for design.
Students also have access to computer-assisted language learning.
Students also have access to computers and the Internet.
Students also have access to darkrooms, a vacuum frame, an arc lamp, and a light table.
Students also have access to developing new technologies in a number of areas.
Students also have access to drawing, gallery and studio spaces.
Students also have access to dye sublimation printing for portfolio quality results.
Students also have access to East campus recreation, entertainment and dining facilities.
Students also have access to e-mail and fax services.
Students also have access to e-mail and library resource access as well.
Students also have access to e-mail and the internet.
Students also have access to equipment housed at industrial sponsors' facilities.
Students also have access to excellent research resources in the Washington area.
Students also have access to excellent teaching and learning facilities.
Students also have access to extensive computing facilities elsewhere on campus.
Students also have access to faculty members, who serve as preceptors to undergraduate students.
Students also have access to fax machines, photocopiers, and e-mail.
Students also have access to four computer stations, resource materials, and several periodicals.
Students also have access to high quality color printers.
Students also have access to hot water, a microwave oven, a TV set, a VCR, and a computer.
Students also have access to information from electronic databases.
Students also have access to Internet sites appropriate for the study of literature and philosophy.
Students also have access to kitchen facilities.
Students also have access to laundry rooms which are located in every hall.
Students also have access to LCD panels, scanners, and laser printers.
Students also have access to magazines, periodicals, and a computer lab.
Students also have access to material on the internet, another valuable dimension of study.
Students also have access to materials held by other libraries and museums in Marquette County.
Students also have access to meteorological instruments.
Students also have access to microcomputers and the Internet in some classrooms.
Students also have access to modern computing laboratories.
Students also have access to on-campus cafeterias.
Students also have access to one of the largest general business libraries in Northern California.
Students also have access to on-site pharmacy, laboratory and radiology.
Students also have access to our campus library and computer lab with Internet connectivity.
Students also have access to our campus library and IMAC computer lab with internet connectivity.
Students also have access to photocopiers in the ITC, the library and around campus.
Students also have access to plotters, scanners, laser printers, and CD-ROM readers.
Students also have access to printers within the residence halls.
Students also have access to reference materials and an Internet link located in the school library.
Students also have access to reference materials located in the school library.
Students also have access to referral options both within and outside the school system.
Students also have access to resources for research unequaled elsewhere in the United States.
Students also have access to scanners, digital cameras and video editing equipment.
Students also have access to several computer centers on campus as well as a mathematics laboratory.
Students also have access to several major specialty libraries in the area.
Students also have access to several practice rooms and instruments.
Students also have access to shared kitchens in each tower.
Students also have access to special programs and services that enhance their education.
Students also have access to specialized resources and online library systems.
Students also have access to specially designed learning tools built in Java.
Students also have access to sports facilities on campus.
Students also have access to state of the art video equipment.
Students also have access to the bookstore, which provides delivery and online ordering.
Students also have access to the center's library of information on careers and graduate schools.
Students also have access to the college library.
Students also have access to the college surgical technology labs for additional practice time.
Students also have access to the complete online manuals of all software supported in the labs.
Students also have access to the computer lab at other times whenever it is open.
Students also have access to the computer lab for course work purposes.
Students also have access to the computer network from their residence hall room.
Students also have access to the department's extensive computer resources.
Students also have access to the International online databases on the Internet.
Students also have access to the Internet and e-mail at the computer laboratory.
Students also have access to the Internet as a whole.
Students also have access to the Internet during the working hours of the library.
Students also have access to the internet for research and instructional purposes.
Students also have access to the Internet from any computer found in any of the computer labs.
Students also have access to the internet through the library.
Students also have access to the Internet.
Students also have access to the libraries of other theological seminaries in the area.
Students also have access to the on-campus medical practice.
Students also have access to the school's computer lab.
Students also have access to the school's on-line library services to conduct research.
Students also have access to university-administered computer labs.
Students also have access to Web browsing and electronic mail capabilities.
Students also have access to web destinations, a content objectives for each chapter.
Students also have access to word processing and other applications software.
Students also have access to word-processing computers and the Internet in the library.
Students also have access to worldwide computer networks through the Internet.
Students also have additional courses in the more specialized field of relevant departments.
Students also have ample chance both to perform and to work with visiting guest artists.
Students also have ample opportunity for independent study with faculty members.
Students also have an excellent opportunity to develop professional skills and work habits.
Students also have an extension project due for their novel.
Students also have an opportunity to ask questions and to discuss problems.
Students also have an opportunity to compose their own music.
Students also have an opportunity to develop an awareness and appreciation of Maine waterways.
Students also have an opportunity to develop contacts with professionals in the area.
Students also have an opportunity to discuss and collaborate as they work.
Students also have an opportunity to do internships in Shanghai, China.
Students also have an opportunity to enhance their business knowledge or foreign language skills.
Students also have an opportunity to fit curves to data using power functions.
Students also have an opportunity to meet classmates and faculty members.
Students also have an opportunity to observe selected civil and criminal trials.
Students also have an opportunity to participate in many extra-curricular musical activities.
Students also have an opportunity to participate in the aquaculture program.
Students also have an opportunity to perform and choreograph in informal studio performances.
Students also have an opportunity to take courses in the concentration other than the one chosen.
Students also have an opportunity to transform a piece of furniture into a work of art.
Students also have an opportunity to undertake work experience with relevant organisations.
Students also have an opportunity to use a variety of training methods.
Students also have an opportunity to visit numerous colleges throughout New England.
Students also have an opportunity to volunteer to collect travel data on major Houston freeways.
Students also have an oral examination.
Students also have as much free time as they desire.
Students also have assistance available when they apply for jobs or internships.
Students also have classes with the school counselor and media specialist.
Students also have close interpersonal contact during the game.
Students also have complete access to all modern sports, music and theatrical facilities on campus.
Students also have complete control over their practicum experiences in other courses.
Students also have contacts with distinguished members of the civil engineering profession.
Students also have differening requirements based upon the grade they are working for.
Students also have different learning styles.
Students also have different levels of intelligences.
Students also have difficulty interpreting poems, which they are asked to do on proficiency tests.
Students also have difficulty with agreement in tenses and related areas.
Students also have directions for making an anemometer out of popsicle sticks, cups and markers.
Students also have easy access to services, computer facilities, and campus activities.
Students also have easy access to the bus transit system.
Students also have easy access.
Students also have e-mail access within the business school and on the Internet.
Students also have e-mail and voicemail boxes and personal pagers for communications.
Students also have exclusive privileges at the church.
Students also have expenses related to transportation to and from school, parking, and meals.
Students also have experiences in nearby hospitals and other health facilities.
Students also have experiences with singing and story time.
Students also have exposure to each department of backstage and technical theatre.
Students also have extensive library facilities at their disposal.
Students also have extensive training in antibody detection and identification.
Students also have extracurricular opportunities in both sports and academics.
Students also have free access to a large sports complex.
Students also have free access to e-mail, the Internet, and online classrooms.
Students also have free access to the Internet and electronic mail.
Students also have free access to the Internet, right from their rooms.
Students also have free access to two computers for word processing.
Students also have frequent opportunities to develop independent projects.
Students also have frequent opportunities to hear and meet with guest lecturers.
Students also have full access to computer clusters located throughout the campus.
Students also have great participation in middle school music.
Students also have great respect for their professors who publish and contribute to the field.
Students also have greater access to faculty members during the summer.
Students also have greater access to their own student records .
Students also have greater freedom to take courses at their convienence.
Students also have group access to a private dropbox from a group homepage.
Students also have habits such as hedging answers and giving appropriate but unexpected responses.
Students also have hands-on opportunities with study and internship experiences in Japan.
Students also have input in the planning for their own successful journeys.
Students also have input on policy through their representatives to the school committee.
Students also have instant access to a computer generated sound realization of the project.
Students also have intensive inpatient clinical rotations.
Students also have internet access and e-mail facilities.
Students also have Internet access via the labs' fiber optic connections.
Students also have Internet access with teacher supervision.
Students also have Internet access.
Students also have less time for school activities, other interests, and time with family.
Students also have lessons on fire prevention and safety.
Students also have lessons on the computer to help reinforce English skills.
Students also have library, computer, art, and music classes.
Students also have many opportunities for worship and learning through the foundation.
Students also have many opportunities to interact with peers and professionals in the field.
Students also have many opportunities to participate in after-school activities.
Students also have many opportunities to sing as part of school-wide musical programs.
Students also have more access to the teacher if the teacher is willing to respond.
Students also have more choices in electives.
Students also have no limits to the number of times they can practice a procedure.
Students also have numerous opportunities to experiment with time themselves.
Students also have numerous opportunities to participate in all major intermural sports.
Students also have numerous opportunities to study environmental issues off campus.
Students also have obligations.
Students also have on site access to several local medical libraries.
Students also have one of the nation's top recreation facilities for club and intramural sports.
Students also have online access to the comments and grades for each online quiz written and marked.
Students also have on-site access to a statewide network of library resources.
Students also have open access to the college ultrasound scanning labs for additional scanning time.
Students also have opportunities for clinical training and observation in off-site settings.
Students also have opportunities for internship experiences.
Students also have opportunities for research experiences in faculty labs.
Students also have opportunities for supervised field or research experience.
Students also have opportunities to become involved in extra-curricular activities.
Students also have opportunities to compete at the intramural and club levels.
Students also have opportunities to conduct independent research and special projects.
Students also have opportunities to design, stage manage, and operate various theater technologies.
Students also have opportunities to develop computer skills that go beyond the regular curriculum.
Students also have opportunities to develop research and teaching skills.
Students also have opportunities to develop their reading and writing abilities.
Students also have opportunities to get involved in school-based initiatives .
Students also have opportunities to participate in a variety of other overseas programs.
Students also have opportunities to participate in research with faculty members.
Students also have opportunities to pursue internships in various areas of finance.
Students also have opportunities to serve as student assistants on campus.
Students also have opportunities to sing solos or in small groups.
Students also have opportunities to study abroad .
Students also have opportunities to undertake work-based learning in a range of organisations.
Students also have opportunities to visit Spain and Italy on their own.
Students also have opportunities to visit Spain and Italy.
Students also have opportunities to work as consultants on real world business issues.
Students also have opportunity to study at foreign universities, a great benefit.
Students also have options if they wish to pursue specific academic and professional goals.
Students also have personal expectations in regard to their instructors.
Students also have personal mailboxes and e-mail accounts.
Students also have personal use of our state of the art video and editing equipment.
Students also have physical education, music, media and computer classes throughout the week.
Students also have places they can turn off-campus for free help.
Students also have priority from middle level science magnets into high school science magnets.
Students also have quick and easy access to computers to use in enrollment.
Students also have ready access to library and computer facilities.
Students also have ready access to microcomputers.
Students also have ready access to modern computer and laboratory facilities.
Students also have responsibilities.
Students also have school-wide and home access to multiple online databases .
Students also have separate subdirectories that can be used to group documents.
Students also have significant time to pursue independent study of course material.
Students also have some influence.
Students also have specific rights as outlined in the student handbook.
Students also have strong emotions on the dating restrictions.
Students also have the ability of checking their progress any time by going online to Insite .
Students also have the ability to create their own practice tests.
Students also have the ability to e-mail quiz results to their professors.
Students also have the ability to interact with the technology through a hands-on computer activity.
Students also have the ability to learn, to create and to be passionate about ideas.
Students also have the ability to post the resume on the internet.
Students also have the ability to print out high quality color prints via various color printers.
Students also have the ability to print results.
Students also have the ability to take courses on the Bloomington campus.
Students also have the ability to write and save their own essays.
Students also have the chance to buy books for less than what bookstores offer.
Students also have the chance to develop their own advertising campaigns.
Students also have the chance to do some scientific research.
Students also have the chance to learn to rope cattle.
Students also have the chance to spend one or two semesters working with a professor on research.
Students also have the chance to travel through on-campus volunteer and social services programs.
Students also have the chance to win attendance prizes.
Students also have the expectation of being a responsible community member.
Students also have the freedom to do their volunteer work in their home towns outside the state.
Students also have the freedom to take one elective in each discipline if they prefer.
Students also have the invaluable chance to present their research.
Students also have the opportunity for a strong and eventful campus life.
Students also have the opportunity for added hands-on experiences and active participation.
Students also have the opportunity for co-op during their senior year.
Students also have the opportunity for experiential practice of a number of interventions.
Students also have the opportunity for hands-on experience.
Students also have the opportunity for independent week-end trips.
Students also have the opportunity for on-campus employment.
Students also have the opportunity for practical experience through retail or design internships.
Students also have the opportunity of career shadowing.
Students also have the opportunity of chatting with students from around the world as they learn.
Students also have the opportunity to acquire skills in purchasing, marketing and sales.
Students also have the opportunity to apply online.
Students also have the opportunity to apply theoretical knowledge learned in the classroom.
Students also have the opportunity to apply what they are learning in English to creative writing.
Students also have the opportunity to ask questions to the experts.
Students also have the opportunity to attend a regional or national conference.
Students also have the opportunity to attend parent sponsored clubs that meet after school.
Students also have the opportunity to attend state and national professional conferences.
Students also have the opportunity to be promoted in rank within the military structure.
Students also have the opportunity to become involved in outreach work in Slovakia and Estonia.
Students also have the opportunity to become key pals with retirees at a local nursing home.
Students also have the opportunity to begin their participation in professional organizations.
Students also have the opportunity to buy additional material online, including clothing.
Students also have the opportunity to cater and prepare food for college and community events.
Students also have the opportunity to choose from several interdisciplinary and dual-degree options.
Students also have the opportunity to click on a title for specific pieces of music.
Students also have the opportunity to compete against other schools.
Students also have the opportunity to complete a dissertation.
Students also have the opportunity to complete a dual option.
Students also have the opportunity to continue their education at the post secondary level.
Students also have the opportunity to create national weather maps using weather lab data.
Students also have the opportunity to develop a specialty area through electives.
Students also have the opportunity to develop applied computing skills and problem solving.
Students also have the opportunity to develop practical skills in conflict resolution techniques.
Students also have the opportunity to develop skills in research methodology and data analysis.
Students also have the opportunity to do a dissertation.
Students also have the opportunity to dye, weave and sew fabric pieces together.
Students also have the opportunity to earn a teaching endorsement in Spanish.
Students also have the opportunity to engage in original and semi-original research projects.
Students also have the opportunity to engage in original research projects.
Students also have the opportunity to enroll in summer business abroad courses.
Students also have the opportunity to evaluate the clinical instructor.
Students also have the opportunity to evaluate the internship site.
Students also have the opportunity to examine and evaluate interesting in-patient cases.
Students also have the opportunity to expand their knowledge of non-canonical authors.
Students also have the opportunity to experience community based design and planning projects.
Students also have the opportunity to explore ethical and other practice-related issues.
Students also have the opportunity to extend their stay to take part in optional hands-on classes.
Students also have the opportunity to gain experience with primary care providers at outlying sites.
Students also have the opportunity to get scholarships for military programs after high school.
Students also have the opportunity to give a paper or serve on a panel.
Students also have the opportunity to go and meet with freshmen advisors from individual colleges.
Students also have the opportunity to have conversations with faculty about important topics.
Students also have the opportunity to have other students arrested.
Students also have the opportunity to immerse themselves deeply in Norwegian customs and culture.
Students also have the opportunity to improve one area of weakness in their own science knowledge.
Students also have the opportunity to interact with guest speakers.
Students also have the opportunity to learn a second foreign language such as German or Spanish.
Students also have the opportunity to learn and develop practical methods for teaching.
Students also have the opportunity to learn basic physical exam techniques.
Students also have the opportunity to learn keyboarding and brush up on math and English skills.
Students also have the opportunity to learn the counties of Indiana.
Students also have the opportunity to live on campus .
Students also have the opportunity to live on campus.
Students also have the opportunity to make musical instruments.
Students also have the opportunity to meet key state needs through service.
Students also have the opportunity to meet professors and peers from across the state.
Students also have the opportunity to nominate staff or classmates for recognition.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in a myriad of electives.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in athletic, artistic, and academic activities.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in band, chorus, step-team and mentoring.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in choir and instrumental music.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in departmental seminars and journal clubs.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in exciting and rewarding internship programs.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in faculty research.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in industry partnerships .
Students also have the opportunity to participate in international student design competitions.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in internships in governmental agencies.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in numerous intermural and intramural activities.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in oceanographic cruises during graduate study.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in one of the on-going research projects.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in planning some of the series.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in socials and fund raisers.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in softball and volleyball.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in the National Health Law Moot Court Competition.
Students also have the opportunity to participate in various after-school sports activities.
Students also have the opportunity to perform community service for credit.
Students also have the opportunity to perform in small groups and solos.
Students also have the opportunity to plan and carry out a community-building project.
Students also have the opportunity to practice totaling various groups of coins.
Students also have the opportunity to present one of their solutions orally.
Students also have the opportunity to present their own work at department colloquia.
Students also have the opportunity to publish in The Villager.
Students also have the opportunity to publish some of their work on the Web.
Students also have the opportunity to pursue a minor in Physics.
Students also have the opportunity to receive a colored shoe on the wall with their name on it.
Students also have the opportunity to receive extra credit by locating countries using clues.
Students also have the opportunity to receive scholarships for continuing education.
Students also have the opportunity to recognize their peers with the presentation of two awards.
Students also have the opportunity to see daily live Italian television broadcasts.
Students also have the opportunity to see how businesses operate in another country.
Students also have the opportunity to select from a wide array of courses in other related areas.
Students also have the opportunity to sing in a chorus.
Students also have the opportunity to sing solo or with a partner.
Students also have the opportunity to speak informally with the guest speakers.
Students also have the opportunity to spend part of theur time studying abroad.
Students also have the opportunity to study at home by viewing telecourses on videocassettes.
Students also have the opportunity to study composition.
Students also have the opportunity to study the history of ship construction and conservation.
Students also have the opportunity to take additional modules with the full-time course.
Students also have the opportunity to take classes at our campus in Rome, Italy.
Students also have the opportunity to take college entrance examinations.
Students also have the opportunity to take courses in career-related fields.
Students also have the opportunity to take electives outside their major and minor tracks.
Students also have the opportunity to take yearly field trips.
Students also have the opportunity to transfer to four-year programs in engineering technology.
Students also have the opportunity to use computers to practice mathematics skills.
Students also have the opportunity to use their brain to solve challenging games and puzzles.
Students also have the opportunity to view laboratory work being done by the instructor.
Students also have the opportunity to visit and work in two different computer labs.
Students also have the opportunity to visit the library individually to check out books.
Students also have the opportunity to win accolades on the state and national levels.
Students also have the opportunity to work in service learning placements.
Students also have the opportunity to work independently with the unit.
Students also have the opportunity to work individually.
Students also have the opportunity to work on creative projects.
Students also have the opportunity to work on faculty-sponsored projects.
Students also have the opportunity to work with faculty in many other departments.
Students also have the opportunity to work with faculty on research projects.
Students also have the opportunity to work with our administrative team.
Students also have the opportunity to write additional theses on other major or minor subjects.
Students also have the opportunity to write daily in their journals.
Students also have the opportunity to write in a journal on a daily basis.
Students also have the option for using it at home or at the public library.
Students also have the option in summer school of taking certain new courses for the first time.
Students also have the option of a Special Education Teaching Track.
Students also have the option of attending evening programs to learn specific programming languages.
Students also have the option of attending faculty-taught writing workshops to earn credits.
Students also have the option of beginning a new foreign language in eighth grade or later.
Students also have the option of beginning their field internships in the fall or spring.
Students also have the option of buying additional coverage for family members.
Students also have the option of choosing a minor in physics.
Students also have the option of completing a field of concentration in clinical research.
Students also have the option of completing a major written thesis.
Students also have the option of completing an on-site essay.
Students also have the option of continuing their studies abroad.
Students also have the option of correcting their math work and passing it back in.
Students also have the option of correcting their work and passing it back in.
Students also have the option of creating original characters or designs.
Students also have the option of creating their own opportunities for community service.
Students also have the option of creating their own word lists.
Students also have the option of crediting their account.
Students also have the option of crediting their accounts.
Students also have the option of declaring a thematic minor.
Students also have the option of designing their own curriculum to include two or more programs.
Students also have the option of developing original research projects with the faculty.
Students also have the option of direct deposit.
Students also have the option of doing work based on an individual study plan.
Students also have the option of earning the master's degree without certification.
Students also have the option of finding an apartment.
Students also have the option of focusing on remote sensing theory and applications.
Students also have the option of having checks sent to their home addresses or to their banks.
Students also have the option of honing their skills farther afield.
Students also have the option of individual coverage or variations in spouse and family coverage.
Students also have the option of joining the state and national level organizations.
Students also have the option of making their own housing arrangements in local apartments.
Students also have the option of making their own housing arrangements.
Students also have the option of one to six credit hours of independent study or study abroad.
Students also have the option of passing the university computer use competency exam.
Students also have the option of passing the university oral communications competency exam.
Students also have the option of paying for meals as they go.
Students also have the option of preparing a puppet show instead of a skit.
Students also have the option of purchasing their meals at one of several university cafeterias.
Students also have the option of recording themselves reading aloud their work.
Students also have the option of renting items such as televisions or microwaves.
Students also have the option of requesting general information electronically for receipt by mail.
Students also have the option of selecting a combination economics and political science major.
Students also have the option of selecting History or Philosophy as a minor field of study.
Students also have the option of staying off campus at a hotel or another accommodation.
Students also have the option of staying off campus.
Students also have the option of studying coastal issues in the Mombasa region.
Students also have the option of submitting as individuals.
Students also have the option of submitting portfolios by mail.
Students also have the option of taking a full or half year project instead of one or two units.
Students also have the option of taking a two credit course on contemporary Taiwanese society.
Students also have the option of taking a two-credit independent study course.
Students also have the option of taking classes at one of five local universities.
Students also have the option of taking the writing proficiency examination.
Students also have the option of transferring their credits into a bachelor's degree program.
Students also have the option of voting for their favorite player.
Students also have the option of writing a thesis.
Students also have the option of writing and publishing their own stories.
Students also have the option of writing longer papers on books.
Students also have the option to arrange their own accommodations in town.
Students also have the option to base their final projects on dairy elements.
Students also have the option to combine computing and accounting.
Students also have the option to complete and entrance counseling session on-line .
Students also have the option to complete undergraduate research courses with a faculty member.
Students also have the option to contribute to an electronic discussion listserv.
Students also have the option to custom-design a portion of their adult education program.
Students also have the option to custom-design a portion of their program.
Students also have the option to declare a minor.
Students also have the option to design their own concentration based on a personal theme.
Students also have the option to design their own individualized specialization track.
Students also have the option to download to disk or send files to their e-mail accounts.
Students also have the option to drop in during free periods and sign on to any open computer.
Students also have the option to earmark their donations toward any project they deem worthy.
Students also have the option to enroll in a variety of courses in non-degree or audit status.
Students also have the option to enroll in the program on a part-time basis.
Students also have the option to go on to obtain multiple degrees if they so desire.
Students also have the option to live in off campus private housing that they arrange themselves.
Students also have the option to live in off campus private housing.
Students also have the option to look up grades on the Internet.
Students also have the option to participate in jazz band.
Students also have the option to participate in study abroad programs.
Students also have the option to purchase their laptop at fair market value upon graduation.
Students also have the option to purchase.
Students also have the option to pursue more advanced training.
Students also have the option to remake castings to improve their grade.
Students also have the option to stay in a hotel, rather than with a host family.
Students also have the option to study for a new entrepreneurship major.
Students also have the option to supplement their course work with a research project.
Students also have the option to take a combination of courses from both tracks.
Students also have the option to undertake a major historical research project for academic credit.
Students also have the option to walk over to any one of our four classrooms for doing group work.
Students also have the option to wire transfer their tuition.
Students also have the option to write a thesis.
Students also have the possibility of applying for a place in the municipal day-care centres.
Students also have the possibility to take part in the musical events of the city.
Students also have the potential to open their own laboratory.
Students also have the responsibility to behave appropriately when using the Internet.
Students also have the responsibility to respect themselves and others within the education system.
Students also have the right to a hearing if they wish to correct or amend their records.
Students also have the right to a hearing to challenge any portion of their education records.
Students also have the right to be represented by a student government.
Students also have the right to distribute religious literature on their campus.
Students also have the right to examine student evaluations for every class offered.
Students also have the right to express their religious beliefs during the school day.
Students also have the right to persuade, proselytize or discuss religious topics with their peers.
Students also have the right to put a religious book cover on their own books.
Students also have the unique option to propose a self-designed specialization.
Students also have the use of nearby golf courses and a ski slope.
Students also have their own individual learning styles.
Students also have their own opinions on how to do interviews.
Students also have time to plan their own outings throughout the duration in Russia.
Students also have to adjust to an entirely new pace of life, unlike any previously known.
Students also have to allow at least one week before re-taking a test.
Students also have to apply their analytical skills to data from a variety of languages.
Students also have to attend the full-time blocks in the first year of study.
Students also have to be responsible for all technical aspects of their thesis.
Students also have to be stimulated to carry out their studies actively using the web interface.
Students also have to click in scales 'from scratch'.
Students also have to complete an additional four days of workshops on more specialized topics.
Students also have to do two non-music courses.
Students also have to electronically 'layout' out their design using the computer.
Students also have to explain how the idea reflects their life in a short essay.
Students also have to maintain a certain grade point average in order to receive financial aid.
Students also have to pay twenty percent of their wages in taxes.
Students also have to practice at home to prepare for performances .
Students also have to show knowledge of computer terms and issues.
Students also have to take honors versions of general studies classes.
Students also have to take Maths and English.
Students also have to take two languages courses.
Students also have training to practice using relay services.
Students also have unprecedented access to the Internet and their own e-mail accounts.
Students also have use of a softball field, tennis courts, and a gymnasium.
Students also have use of campus-wide computing equipment.
Students also have use of our sample rooms and extensive design library.
Students also have use of several color scanners and color printers.
Students also have use of the outdoor gym equipment for climbing or going down the slide.
Students also have Web access at their chosen host university.
Students also have Web file storage for academic purposes.
Students also hear from inmates serving time for vehicular homicide.
Students also hear from judges and lawyers and make visits to courts and law firms.
Students also hear inmates talk about their experience with the juvenile justice system.
Students also hear speakers talk about the effects of drugs on families, brains and nervous systems.
Students also help and encourage each other.
Students also help clients prepare business plans.
Students also help maintain the school recreation area and flower garden.
Students also help out with the cleanups.
Students also help prepare the chapel environment for liturgy and bake communion bread.
Students also help set their own goals and means of assessment.
Students also help sort used paper for use in our copy machines.
Students also help teens create sculptures based on the artists' work they studied.
Students also help to cultivate gardens adjacent to the playground.
Students also help with educational presentations.
Students also help with ushering and advertising.
Students also hold open readings of their work each semester.
Students also hone job search skills through in-class workshops.
Students also hone their skills by working at off-campus project sites.
Students also identify basic shapes found in everyday scenes.
Students also identify corporate ownership patterns in Canadian broadcasting.
Students also identify different escapements and adjust the lever escapement.
Students also identify ethical and social issues arising from the use of information technology.
Students also identify the characteristics of various forms of literature.
Students also identify the similarities and differences between two word processing programs.
Students also identify what the different flags represent in their lives.
Students also illustrate the word graphically and compose a sentence using the word correctly.
Students also improve in their ability to recognize and spell sight words.
Students also improve their listening comprehension and reading ability.
Students also improve thinking skills, content mastery, communications skills and self- awareness.
Students also incorporate ways to loop film, show transparencies and stretch and squeeze images.
Students also increase active vocabulary and the speed and fluency with which they read.
Students also increase their knowledge about technical careers and opportunities available.
Students also increase their knowledge of the English language.
Students also incur considerable incidental expenses while finishing their education.
Students also indicate their preference of jobs.
Students also initiate service projects of their own.
Students also initiate their research activities during the first year.
Students also input monograph records to the database in a practice mode.
Students also inspect successful dissertations in English and Arabic.
Students also interact with and are mentored by representatives of their sponsoring societies.
Students also interact with classmates via threaded discussions, email, and chat rooms.
Students also interact with the community through numerous consulting projects.
Students also interact with the professor and other classmates via two-way video.
Students also intern for the State of Texas and for the federal government.
Students also interpret and evaluate information from nonfiction and fiction selections.
Students also interpret maps, charts, graphs, or tables.
Students also interview clients, draft legal documents, file pleadings and conduct discovery.
Students also interview for jobs using computer teleconferencing.
Students also interview their peer advisor or other students in the program.
Students also investigate and apply methods for managing classrooms.
Students also investigate animals by identifying their tracks and signs on a hike.
Students also investigate drug abuse prevention programs and their efficacy.
Students also investigate how ants respond to different foods.
Students also investigate how young children learn their own language.
Students also investigate print and electronic venues in which to publish their polished work.
Students also investigate the basics of rings.
Students also investigate the design, construction, and operation of process units.
Students also investigate the development of core theories and methods within women's studies.
Students also investigate the future of enterprise-wide networks.
Students also investigate the life processes of plants and animals.
Students also investigate the major causes and effects of ozone depletion.
Students also investigate the reaction using desktop molecular modeling techniques.
Students also investigate the various cultures of the Spanish-speaking world.
Students also investigate their own ethnic roots.
Students also isolate and characterize natural products.
Students also join in outreach to slums and villages.
Students also keep a journal using the guided journal approach.
Students also keep a reflective journal on their learning experiences.
Students also keep a weekly news journal.
Students also keep e-mail journals of their internship experiences.
Students also keep in touch and save money by using email.
Students also keep journals and have other assignments related to their experiences on field trips.
Students also keep logs of their contacts with the agency and their reflections on the project.
Students also keep many good memories of the voting process.
Students also keep tuition to in-district costs because they are attending their home college.
Students also keeps three of the hand tools used.
Students also know that they are responsible for their learning.
Students also laugh at themselves a great deal and enjoy kidding one another.
Students also learn a foreign language and can choose between French, German or Japanese.
Students also learn a lot from the class too.
Students also learn a lot from their fellows.
Students also learn a sophisticated approach to resume writing and interviewing.
Students also learn a word of the week with related activities in the program.
Students also learn about alternative approaches to preserving and understanding history.
Students also learn about American culture and life in the Pacific Northwest.
Students also learn about ancient Greek traditions through mythology in relation to human conflict.
Students also learn about and explore the different methods for dating rocks and fossils.
Students also learn about animals with jointed legs.
Students also learn about annotation, text placement and editing of drawings.
Students also learn about artists as community professionals with particular areas of expertise.
Students also learn about attributes and practice closing tags in an HTML document.
Students also learn about aviation history, flight theory, navigation and weather.
Students also learn about barometric pressure, fronts, and the forces that cause severe weather.
Students also learn about biological variability and designing experiments with adequate controls.
Students also learn about bond, options and futures markets.
Students also learn about building codes, cost analysis, and careers in architecture.
Students also learn about career opportunities in the fields of science, technology, and education.
Students also learn about Chinese and Japanese protocol.
Students also learn about circuit and county court jurisdiction and procedure.
Students also learn about collection and distribution systems and plant maintenance and hydraulics.
Students also learn about computer technology and applications in music.
Students also learn about computer technology as a possible career choice.
Students also learn about consumer economic issues such as finance and checking.
Students also learn about data management systems used to order merchandise and track inventory.
Students also learn about deafness and communicating with the deaf.
Students also learn about different careers as artists, such as architecture and commercial art.
Students also learn about different job positions in a company and how the stock market works.
Students also learn about early exploration and colonization of the United States.
Students also learn about ecosystem scale, connections, cycles and change, diversity, and balance.
Students also learn about environmental topics in the classroom.
Students also learn about estimation in Steps Around, as well as incorporate large muscle movements.
Students also learn about French culture, geography, and customs.
Students also learn about geological features of the Keys.
Students also learn about German culture and literature.
Students also learn about grooming, tacking up, being safe and having fun. . .
Students also learn about groupware by building various prototype systems in Lotus Notes.
Students also learn about health and safety issues and disaster prevention.
Students also learn about hydroforming.
Students also learn about important issues in contemporary world politics.
Students also learn about Jewish values and their application into our lives today.
Students also learn about life in contemporary Japan.
Students also learn about life on the mission field from missionaries who come to speak at chapel.
Students also learn about navigation, water safety, and basic seamanship.
Students also learn about networking PLCs.
Students also learn about new materials devised by scientists using compounds.
Students also learn about patient's strengths as well as personality difficulties.
Students also learn about people who resisted the movement.
Students also learn about pertinent legal and ethical issues of the press.
Students also learn about pH and how that affects aquatic organisms.
Students also learn about political terms and how they affect U.S. markets.
Students also learn about psychopharmacologic approaches to treatment.
Students also learn about reproduction and the major systems of the body.
Students also learn about reproduction techniques.
Students also learn about resources and special considerations relating to physics teaching.
Students also learn about rhythm, harmony, presentation and music appreciation.
Students also learn about safety at play and how to get along with others.
Students also learn about satellite imagery of ocean topography.
Students also learn about scientific and medical research.
Students also learn about shop procedures, record keeping, computers and job seeking skills.
Students also learn about special procedures done as part of the urinalysis workstation.
Students also learn about strategies and techniques for conducting library research in psychology.
Students also learn about sub contractors, building permits, insurance coverage and building codes.
Students also learn about technology as a possible career choice.
Students also learn about the culture and history of countries that speak the languages they study.
Students also learn about the discovery, exploration, and colonization of America.
Students also learn about the ethical and legal dimensions of writing for the mass media.
Students also learn about the health risks associated with tobacco, alcohol, and other drugs.
Students also learn about the history and structure of the major court systems.
Students also learn about the history of sign language.
Students also learn about the hydrologic cycle and waste water treatment methods.
Students also learn about the impact of polls on society.
Students also learn about the importance of specialized structures to carry out specific functions.
Students also learn about the life cycles of flowering plants and conifers.
Students also learn about the many different materials and processes used by industry.
Students also learn about the many diverse jobs found in the automobile industry.
Students also learn about the natural world at the outdoor learning center.
Students also learn about the non-profit sector, community service and gain valuable experience.
Students also learn about the proper behavior with disabled children.
Students also learn about the rules of society through part-time jobs.
Students also learn about the special needs of certain children.
Students also learn about the stock market and how to read stocks and mutual funds.
Students also learn about the strengths and weaknesses of different personality types.
Students also learn about the various growth requirements of different plants.
Students also learn about the wide range of career opportunities for working with youth.
Students also learn about time management, notetaking skills, and test preparation.
Students also learn about trends and future career opportunities in the industry.
Students also learn about typography, color theory, and design.
Students also learn about university life, resources, and how to be a successful student.
Students also learn about various cultural celebrations and engage in mapwork.
Students also learn about various topics of French culture and society.
Students also learn about vertebrates and invertebrates in third grade science.
Students also learn about volunteer opportunities and services during the programs.
Students also learn about ways that people can protect living things and their habitats.
Students also learn about web technology and create some of their projects in the form of web pages.
Students also learn about worm biology, climate, soil composition, and scientific classification.
Students also learn about writing client letters and are introduced to legal drafting.
Students also learn about, and how to use the library, the Internet, and personal interviews.
Students also learn accounting vocabulary and gain an understanding of how a business operates.
Students also learn advanced formula construction , and how to outline and consolidate worksheets.
Students also learn advanced kata and bunki, weapons forms, pressure points, and take-downs.
Students also learn advanced programming skills used Automated lighting fixtures.
Students also learn advanced techniques to help streamline system, media, and project management.
Students also learn advanced trapping procedures and how to output color separations.
Students also learn age-specific skills and the health benefits of physical activity.
Students also learn and obtain the knowledge to question and analyze the process of water treatment.
Students also learn and practice laboratory techniques in a student laboratory.
Students also learn asepsis and safety considerations in sampling and laboratory analysis.
Students also learn aspects of proper body mechanics.
Students also learn assembly language.
Students also learn backpacking techniques and how to prepare for overnight backpacking trips.
Students also learn basic art-historical terms and concepts.
Students also learn basic business law, business mathematics and written business communications.
Students also learn basic computer skills.
Students also learn basic computer terminology and concepts.
Students also learn basic concepts in science and social studies.
Students also learn basic interviewing techniques and examine ethical and professional issues.
Students also learn basic self-defense through punching and kicking drills, including partner work.
Students also learn basic terminology and concepts.
Students also learn basic vocabulary through their explorations.
Students also learn basic word-processing skills.
Students also learn beginning word-processing skills.
Students also learn behavior management techniques.
Students also learn best when there are limited distractions.
Students also learn better in classrooms where the noise level is reduced.
Students also learn by observing adults' behavior.
Students also learn characteristics of different animal groups.
Students also learn classic and modern techniques for using conte crayon and pencil.
Students also learn communication skills, critical thinking and quantitative techniques.
Students also learn community involvement and gain an increased awareness of the world of work.
Students also learn community involvement, and gain an increased awareness of the world of work.
Students also learn computer technologies and systems development processes.
Students also learn concepts from probability and statistics.
Students also learn correct word usage and apply grammar rules to their speech.
Students also learn current strategies for a career.
Students also learn different roles of control room and field productions.
Students also learn discipline and commitment.
Students also learn drum programming techniques.
Students also learn effective military writing and speaking.
Students also learn effective use of the Internet with Netscape Internet browser.
Students also learn elementary backstroke, treading water, and are intoduced to diving skills.
Students also learn elementary programming.
Students also learn embryology as they become surrogate parents to their flock of hatching chicks.
Students also learn ethical approaches to take in response to environmental problems.
Students also learn exponential and logarithm functions and various applications to growth of money.
Students also learn fire safety.
Students also learn first-aid basics and mountaineering knots.
Students also learn flower identification.
Students also learn form and music through drama.
Students also learn from a wide variety of guest resource persons throughout the semester.
Students also learn from each other by inquiry and challenge, review and study groups.
Students also learn from each other, administrators say.
Students also learn from each other.
Students also learn from fellow classmates who represent many job types and diverse industries.
Students also learn from guest speakers from the Washington press corps, government and politics.
Students also learn from renowned faculty, who have authored textbooks used throughout the country.
Students also learn from the Bedouin.
Students also learn from their fellow students who have strong international backgrounds.
Students also learn from visits to museums and hands on work around the house or the community.
Students also learn fundamental computer, managerial, analytical, and business-related skills.
Students also learn good weaving techniques for achieving smooth selvedges and an even beat.
Students also learn health and employment orientation.
Students also learn Hispanic geography and culture.
Students also learn hotel and restaurant sanitation and public health rules for handling food.
Students also learn how best to output their images.
Students also learn how businesses have evolved over the years.
Students also learn how human activities here and around the world can influence migration.
Students also learn how people hear sounds.
Students also learn how plants can grow without soil. where familiar foods come from.
Students also learn how professional musicians prepare for a performance.
Students also learn how professional musicians' prepare for a performance.
Students also learn how society approaches environmental issues and makes decisions.
Students also learn how sounds are heard in the ear and how light is seen by the eye.
Students also learn how sports massage can psychologically influence athletic performance.
Students also learn how the court system works, and conduct legal research.
Students also learn how the past affects the present and the future.
Students also learn how the process of embryogenesis forms the human body.
Students also learn how the three basic rock types form and break down.
Students also learn how the war affected democracy.
Students also learn how their community has grown and developed.
Students also learn how to access and interpret health records within the clinical agencies.
Students also learn how to address practical problems of conducting research.
Students also learn how to analyze and design logic circuits and gates in a transistor level.
Students also learn how to arrange music for various combinations of voices.
Students also learn how to ask the right questions when help is needed.
Students also learn how to avoid or resolve contractual problems.
Students also learn how to catalog and describe the flora and fauna that live within the tide zone.
Students also learn how to change paragraph line spacing.
Students also learn how to choose products that are friendly to our planet.
Students also learn how to collect and process specimens for microbiological testing.
Students also learn how to combine text and graphics into complex presentations.
Students also learn how to communicate their data using charts and graphs.
Students also learn how to conduct searches on the Internet and to communicate via electronic mail.
Students also learn how to configure switches within LANs.
Students also learn how to configure various operating systems.
Students also learn how to connect with their creative abilities and personal expression.
Students also learn how to create a magic character and perform in front of an audience.
Students also learn how to create internet websites.
Students also learn how to create tables and use other features to help enhance document appearance.
Students also learn how to critically read and comprehend research papers.
Students also learn how to develop and implement an asthma management program.
Students also learn how to develop and incorporate multimedia content, such as movies and sound.
Students also learn how to develop project plans.
Students also learn how to develop systems and metrics designed to optimise business performance.
Students also learn how to establish a home-based transcription business.
Students also learn how to estimate the size of a shark based on measurements from a single tooth.
Students also learn how to evaluate and critique performances of others.
Students also learn how to evaluate and publish the results of their team research on the Web.
Students also learn how to evaluate financial documentation, dental equipment and office designs.
Students also learn how to formalize that knowledge for effective decision-making.
Students also learn how to format, manipulate text and use a spell checker.
Students also learn how to function as part of a team.
Students also learn how to give a presentation with proper preparation in a stress-free atmosphere.
Students also learn how to incorporate herbs.
Students also learn how to insert new and duplicate slides to their slideshows.
Students also learn how to interpret technical manuals and electronic diagnostic reports.
Students also learn how to keep time with the help of the regular motion of a pendulum.
Students also learn how to live on their own.
Students also learn how to logically formulate searches for different databases.
Students also learn how to maintain supplies and equipment.
Students also learn how to make decisions which affect their future and the well-being of a child.
Students also learn how to measure standing trees and logs to determine their value.
Students also learn how to operate and apply current educational media and technology.
Students also learn how to participate in community activities.
Students also learn how to play all their major scales in the beginning years.
Students also learn how to present their work and how to help others increase literacy skills.
Students also learn how to protect and secure information assets and resources.
Students also learn how to request business opportunities via email.
Students also learn how to restore bodies injured in accidents.
Students also learn how to sail a boat, from striking and setting sails to navigating and steering.
Students also learn how to save files to a disk, and to send files using E-mail.
Students also learn how to select and use visual aids.
Students also learn how to select text and how to cut, copy, and paste.
Students also learn how to specify and use in-lined functions appropriately.
Students also learn how to take medical histories and how to examine patients.
Students also learn how to type papers, get graphics and make web pages.
Students also learn how to use and clean their tools.
Students also learn how to use appropriate multimedia resources and products.
Students also learn how to use different interfaces to perform the same task.
Students also learn how to use different interview styles to cover a variety of newsbeats.
Students also learn how to use prepared statements and stored procedures.
Students also learn how to use project-management software.
Students also learn how to use the Internet and CD-ROM technologies, as guided by their teachers.
Students also learn how to use the Internet and computers.
Students also learn how to use the Internet as a resource, and the basics of web page design.
Students also learn how to use the scientific process to solve problems in Animal Science.
Students also learn how to use the tab key to create large spaces.
Students also learn how to use the tools of modern techonlogy to seek knowledge for themselves.
Students also learn how to use wordprocessing and spreadsheet applications.
Students also learn how to write a memorandum and business letter.
Students also learn how to write a resume, fill out job applications, and how to dress for work.
Students also learn how to write academic compositions.
Students also learn how to write humorous stories and how to rewrite news releases.
Students also learn how to write winning administrative appeals.
Students also learn how violence hurts everyone.
Students also learn important job search techniques.
Students also learn in different fields.
Students also learn in many other situations and from many other sources outside formal settings.
Students also learn increasingly complex expressions and grammatical structures.
Students also learn interesting about the culture of Russia.
Students also learn interview skills and participate in mock interviews with community volunteers.
Students also learn journaling, inner exploration, and intuition techniques.
Students also learn leadership skills, along with how to plan, pack and prepare meals.
Students also learn literary forms and terms associated with selections being read.
Students also learn logic, languages, and the exegesis of texts and arguments.
Students also learn management and accounting techniques on the microcomputers.
Students also learn map skills and economics while learning about their own heritage.
Students also learn map skills, basic concepts of time, and basic economic concepts.
Students also learn methods for interpreting indirect evidence from fossils and footprints.
Students also learn methods of helping patients and clients to modify and improve health behaviors.
Students also learn methods of weight training and development of weight training programs.
Students also learn modern archaeological techniques of cataloging and computer work.
Students also learn modern electronic search skills and other researching techniques.
Students also learn more about the college and community.
Students also learn more about their own cultural heritage, or multiple heritages.
Students also learn music business, management and music technology.
Students also learn new vocabulary through the literature they are reading.
Students also learn object-oriented techniques for code reuse.
Students also learn observational and recording skills, and add to their scientific vocabulary.
Students also learn of our unique marine wildlife and tide fluctuation.
Students also learn of the broad religious diversity that exists in today's multi-cultural world.
Students also learn of the dilemmas faced every day by working broadcast journalists.
Students also learn operations with polynomials.
Students also learn parenting skills from our skilled child-care professionals.
Students also learn personal hygiene practices in Roberts s class.
Students also learn practice techniques for working with older clients.
Students also learn precautions and safety information pertaining to computers.
Students also learn procedures for the diagnosis and correction of faulty units.
Students also learn professional ethics, concepts of public health, and business management.
Students also learn proper aseptic draping techniques.
Students also learn proper etiquette for a variety of situations.
Students also learn quantitative techniques in behavioral biology.
Students also learn quantitative techniques in evolutionary genetics.
Students also learn radio management and programming techniques.
Students also learn real life science skills.
Students also learn reporting techniques through the proper preparation of design reports.
Students also learn rules and scoring and are introduced to advanced techniques of play.
Students also learn rules for safe diving and begin to learn to dive from the side of the pool.
Students also learn rules for using electricity safely.
Students also learn rules, strategy, offensive play, defensive play, and goal keeping.
Students also learn safe use of appropriate equipment and studio organization.
Students also learn sanitation and public health rules for handling food.
Students also learn search strategies using print material, CD-ROM data and the Internet.
Students also learn secretarial skills, data and word processing.
Students also learn several massage techniques and receive hands-on training.
Students also learn shop safety and the use of formulas for calculating spindle speeds.
Students also learn skills for babysitting, day care employment, or parenting.
Students also learn skills to help develop the nation, such as raising crops and fishing.
Students also learn slang and colloquialisms.
Students also learn sociolinguistic skills.
Students also learn some first aid procedures and how to recognize an emergency.
Students also learn specialized software products and interpret remotely-sensed images.
Students also learn sportsmanship and teamwork on the athletic fields and gyms.
Students also learn stewardship for the environment as they journey through wilderness areas.
Students also learn strategies for communicating with children.
Students also learn strategies for data collection and management of data.
Students also learn string section recording principles.
Students also learn table and array processing as well as sub-file screen processing.
Students also learn teaching methods and health education procedures.
Students also learn techniques for assertiveness, negotiation, relaxation, and decision-making.
Students also learn techniques for time management, preparing for examinations, and notetaking.
Students also learn techniques of verbal, written, and electronic communication for meteorologists.
Students also learn that everything they read has a main idea.
Students also learn that inappropriate behavior has consequences.
Students also learn that they can make a difference.
Students also learn the adaptations of the expository mode that are used in technical writing.
Students also learn the advantages and disadvantages of different modes of transportation.
Students also learn the art of conceptualizing, planning, writing , producing and editing programs.
Students also learn the basic components of a spreadsheet.
Students also learn the basic conventions of sentence writing.
Students also learn the basic of proportioning and spacing of serif and san serif forms.
Students also learn the basic operation of computers, word processing, and keyboarding skills.
Students also learn the basic physiological, cognitive, and learning processes.
Students also learn the basic principles, structure, and operation of the American economy.
Students also learn the basics of broadcasting.
Students also learn the basics of chemical photography.
Students also learn the basics of childcare as they care for a simulated baby for a week.
Students also learn the basics of electronic reference searching etc.
Students also learn the basics of journalism ethics and communications law.
Students also learn the basics of manufacturing systems and automation.
Students also learn the basics of proofreading, headline writing, and caption writing.
Students also learn the basics of scientific report writing.
Students also learn the basics of surveying techniques.
Students also learn the basics of the alphabet, numbers, colors, and animal names.
Students also learn the basics of ticketing, itinerary printing and ticket exchange transactions.
Students also learn the blessings and key vocabulary for each holiday.
Students also learn the differences between wholesaling and retailing.
Students also learn the elementary fundamentals of individual and team sports.
Students also learn the elements of literary analysis.
Students also learn the facts of what employers want in the workplace.
Students also learn the fighting applications of all the weapons forms.
Students also learn the formation and rules of the roda, or capoeira circle.
Students also learn the fundamentals of culinary science, sanitation, and nutrition.
Students also learn the fundamentals of electricity, electric motors, and controls.
Students also learn the historical aspects of advertising art and the basics of computer graphics.
Students also learn the history of the profession and current practice roles of therapists.
Students also learn the importance of art as a means of personal expression.
Students also learn the importance of preparing early for college.
Students also learn the importance of the computer as a tool for communications.
Students also learn the indications and contraindications of hydrotherapy techniques.
Students also learn the legal, moral and ethical aspects of human resource management.
Students also learn the manifestations of oral disease processes.
Students also learn the months of the year and days of the week.
Students also learn the necessary skills required for good customer service relations.
Students also learn the principles of control simulation and program debugging.
Students also learn the principles of earth science.
Students also learn the process of specific business activities.
Students also learn the proper procedures of using shop equipment and serving on stage crews.
Students also learn the rewards of working and contributing within the mainstream of society.
Students also learn the role of technology and music composition in society.
Students also learn the rudiments of our legal system by acting as attorneys, a judge, and the jury.
Students also learn the rudiments of photojournalism, layout and design.
Students also learn the rules applicable to transfers of assets to foreign entities.
Students also learn the scientific concepts of tension, torsion, and load.
Students also learn the skills necessary to formulate, design, and carry out innovative research.
Students also learn the skills of language mechanics.
Students also learn the skills required for buffet preparation and presentation.
Students also learn the skills required to carry out effective program evaluation.
Students also learn the technical aspects of preparing art for printing.
Students also learn the techniques and calculations associated with surveying operations.
Students also learn the techniques for troubleshooting automatic transmissions.
Students also learn the techniques of poetry analysis.
Students also learn the theory and practice of intravenous injections.
Students also learn the unique approaches to address problems used by scientists.
Students also learn the use and care of emergency equipment.
Students also learn the value of service through participating in community service programmes.
Students also learn the value of service to school and the community.
Students also learn thorough hand washing techniques and interact with the food pyramid.
Students also learn through a multitude of methods.
Students also learn through feedback from individual reports, cases, letters, requests and memos.
Students also learn tinting procedures including aniline tints.
Students also learn to abide by the rules of the games.
Students also learn to administer, locate, design, construct and maintain a forest gravel road.
Students also learn to analyze and constructively criticize the process and product.
Students also learn to analyze data using computers.
Students also learn to analyze the human and ethical issues associated with information technology.
Students also learn to analyze the techniques of other speakers.
Students also learn to analyze which representation works best to solve a particular problem.
Students also learn to apply academic theory to real life.
Students also learn to apply simple first aid.
Students also learn to apply the Bible to everyday life and decisions.
Students also learn to appreciate which theoretical issues are most contentious.
Students also learn to approach potentially negative situations as positive challenges.
Students also learn to assess and intervene with the at-risk family and acutely ill children.
Students also learn to assess and treat cognitive and communicative and swallowing disorders.
Students also learn to assess themselves as part of their role of self-regulation.
Students also learn to be active listeners, holding other peoples' ideas up to critical analysis.
Students also learn to be effective team players, well rounded individuals and productive citizens.
Students also learn to build and lead project teams in a cross-cultural environment.
Students also learn to compile subject-specific annotated bibliographies.
Students also learn to construct and read a tide table.
Students also learn to correct grammar, word usage, and paragraph form.
Students also learn to create media that can have an impact on public consciousness.
Students also learn to create simple Web pages.
Students also learn to create websites to add to course content.
Students also learn to decribe, analyze and evaluate a variety of communication artifacts.
Students also learn to defend their decisions in the form of written reasons.
Students also learn to design and publish their own home pages.
Students also learn to develop and maintain a healthy mind and body.
Students also learn to develop philosophies and styles in order to deal with such trends.
Students also learn to develop Web sites that download quickly and follow marketplace conventions.
Students also learn to distinguish the difference between healthy streams and unhealthy streams.
Students also learn to draw working parts on the computer.
Students also learn to enjoy the arts for their own sake.
Students also learn to establish and meet objectives within established deadlines.
Students also learn to evaluate applied organizational communication research.
Students also learn to fire electric, natural gas, propane, updraft, downdraft, raku and salt kilns.
Students also learn to flame cut metal.
Students also learn to how to critically interpret quantitative data.
Students also learn to identify and manage common medical emergencies.
Students also learn to identify portions of the frog's anatomy.
Students also learn to improve their time management, learning, and study skills.
Students also learn to improvise.
Students also learn to install software and upgrade computers as software packages change.
Students also learn to interpret information presented in various forms.
Students also learn to make connections between the research process and concrete activities.
Students also learn to make logical predictions and determine cause and effect.
Students also learn to make presentations, prepare reports, and work well in teams.
Students also learn to mix with people of different origins , and to grow as people .
Students also learn to mix with people of different origins, and to grow as people.
Students also learn to model problems in an object-oriented fashion.
Students also learn to monitor and adapt their own writing processes.
Students also learn to move from reading for pleasure to deciphering academic texts.
Students also learn to narrate in the past.
Students also learn to narrate their experiences using the simple preterit.
Students also learn to navigate and sail on a schooner expedition.
Students also learn to navigate the Internet.
Students also learn to obtain weather and oceanographic data from resources on the Internet.
Students also learn to operate the robots using computers.
Students also learn to paint, stain, and shellac their projects.
Students also learn to perform flow tests and use different software programs to analyze their data.
Students also learn to perform mass exits from the plane and release combat equipment.
Students also learn to perform venipuncture and intra-muscular injections.
Students also learn to predict weather trends.
Students also learn to prepare a variety of pre-trial documents.
Students also learn to prepare legal correspondence.
Students also learn to prepare reports, make presentations, and effectively work in teams.
Students also learn to prepare several different types of federal income tax returns.
Students also learn to prepare slides of different types to suit different specimens.
Students also learn to prepare specimens for examination.
Students also learn to read and sight read music.
Students also learn to read and write in kana and seventeen kanji.
Students also learn to read hiragana and katakana syllabary, and some essential Japanese characters.
Students also learn to read some familiar blessings.
Students also learn to read the ticker tape and the newspaper stock page.
Students also learn to receive constructive criticism and to critique the performances of others.
Students also learn to recognize how they handle stress.
Students also learn to recognize the symptoms of usage.
Students also learn to record music and burn compact discs.
Students also learn to repair, reline, and rebase complete dentures.
Students also learn to respect the opinions of other students.
Students also learn to retouch photos.
Students also learn to review and construct moral education programmes.
Students also learn to revise, edit, and present texts for specific groups of readers.
Students also learn to safely operate hand and power tools.
Students also learn to select and apply efficient, environmentally sound pest management procedures.
Students also learn to select and operate equipment based on the patients age.
Students also learn to sew leather on specialized sewing machines.
Students also learn to solve certain types of rational functions.
Students also learn to take pictures using a digital.
Students also learn to teach handlers to care for and work with dogs.
Students also learn to track money owed to the company and money the company owes.
Students also learn to troubleshoot and repair various problems in the system.
Students also learn to type alpha and numeric records with speed and accuracy.
Students also learn to understand and critique media, including radio, video and print.
Students also learn to use a baking oven by setting thermostatic controls and adjusting drafts.
Students also learn to use a computer statistical package.
Students also learn to use calculators and computers as problem-solving tools.
Students also learn to use electrical test and measuring instruments.
Students also learn to use formulas to solve equations.
Students also learn to use secondary resources.
Students also learn to use specific strategies for each type of question.
Students also learn to use spreadsheets and to program in Maple, a computer algebra package.
Students also learn to use the internet as a learning and teaching resource.
Students also learn to use the resources of libraries in the student's own communities.
Students also learn to weld various exotic metals.
Students also learn to work with other health team members.
Students also learn to work with people of diverse backgrounds.
Students also learn to work with telling time and money.
Students also learn to work with the metric system.
Students also learn to write clear and effective research reports.
Students also learn to write physical damage reports.
Students also learn to write program notes for classical music concerts.
Students also learn to write the main idea sentences and summaries.
Students also learn to write their first and last names, the alphabet, and Bible verses.
Students also learn tools to convert data to information.
Students also learn trouble shooting skills, problem solving methods and electrical concepts.
Students also learn trouble-shooting and analysis of industrial components and devices.
Students also learn valuable leadership and health and safety skills.
Students also learn valuable stress management and relaxation techniques.
Students also learn various ways to access information as well as techniques of promotion.
Students also learn vendor catalogue and machinery handbook usage and applications.
Students also learn verb groups and syntactical structure.
Students also learn vocational skills in child care, human services and clerical services.
Students also learn vocational skills such as automotive electronics and programming of robots.
Students also learn ways to protect their skin from UV rays.
Students also learn what dams are for and how they are built.
Students also learn what is being done to facilitate our jobs for the future.
Students also learn what it is like to work in industry.
Students also learn what mechanical, chemical, and electrical energy are and how they are used.
Students also learn what the judges are looking for when they hire law clerks.
Students also learn what they can do for today.
Students also learn when and how to start talking to a recruiter at a business meal.
Students also learn when they fill out rubrics about their own and their classmates' performances.
Students also learn which fitness zone they are in as they exercise.
Students also like having classmates comment on their work.
Students also like the ability to waive the health fee online.
Students also like the convenience and cost.
Students also like the good social life and the friendly and supportive atmosphere.
Students also like the new opportunities to experience the working world firsthand.
Students also like the smaller classes offered at the charter schools.
Students also like to decorate their tops.
Students also like to share their knowledge and experiences which enhance motivation.
Students also like to show off their work to others when it is on display.
Students also listen for the purpose of review and familiarization of future repertoire.
Students also listen to a range of other material including material from radio.
Students also listen to and study the lyrics of various contemporary songs.
Students also listen to lectures by world-class scientists.
Students also listen to nonfiction and informational material.
Students also listen to talks given by Senior team members and share in small group discussions.
Students also live nearby in off-campus housing.
Students also live off campus in apartments, homes, and mobile-home parks located nearby.
Students also locate bench marks.
Students also locate the oceans on a world map.
Students also look at current popular culture to study changes in Southeast Asian societies.
Students also look at different ways to help cure heart disease.
Students also look at fossils in an overview of past animal life in Tennessee.
Students also look at how geography affects people, and how people use the land.
Students also look at how to calculate the damages for breaches of contract.
Students also look at local community agencies and resources, welfare policies, and case histories.
Students also look at relative priorities, such as balancing social service vs. other needs.
Students also look at six well known stars and their visual colors.
Students also look at the benefits of live trees in their community.
Students also look at the impact of history, politics, and economics on artistic creation.
Students also look at the value of incorporating visits to museums and sites into the curriculum.
Students also look at theater as a chance to express themselves.
Students also look for a picture to use for their poster.
Students also look for signs of other animals in the woods.
Students also look forward to an impressive graduation ceremony every spring.
Students also look forward to the fine arts day.
Students also love our technology tools.
Students also maintain inventory, organize materials and ensure a clean lab environment.
Students also maintain the appearance of the labs.
Students also make a complete study of automotive heating ventilation and air conditioning systems.
Students also make a graph with the data and write a sentence describing the graph.
Students also make and test predictions about friction on other types of surfaces.
Students also make and test predictions and generalize their results.
Students also make audiocassettes of their stories to loan to the homes or centers.
Students also make better use of the transit system.
Students also make color and finish selections appropriate for the workplace.
Students also make connections about how human activities affect the carbon cycle.
Students also make crossing guard vests from construction.
Students also make field trips to sites in and around Vienna as part of the program.
Students also make final design project presentation.
Students also make great membership chairs.
Students also make hardcopy printouts of their work for review by the English professor.
Students also make inferences as to what the reading is about.
Students also make interactive maps from data they collect.
Students also make occasional site visits to businesses.
Students also make personalized key chains, pins, and picture frames to order.
Students also make presentations in class, describing their apprenticeship.
Students also make several visits to Dutch historical museums.
Students also make sketches from fresh and preserved specimens.
Students also make smaller models and build their own neural networks.
Students also make tables showing the cost of buying different cut-outs of flowers.
Students also make that distinction.
Students also make their own connections between their academic work and community involvement.
Students also make their own sheets of paper.
Students also make three dimensional maps.
Students also make use of available undergraduate peer advisors and faculty members.
Students also make use of current newspapers, magazines, films, and tapes.
Students also make use of multimedia and video equipment.
Students also make use of the computer for problem solving and laboratory analysis.
Students also make use of the university's library system.
Students also make valuable contacts for application to graduate schools.
Students also make valuable networking contacts as part of their co-op or internship experiences.
Students also manage the care for a group of clients during preceptorship experience.
Students also manage the presentation of the desktop.
Students also manipulate a map to determine distance traveled.
Students also manufacture and test wood composites and pulp and paper in the laboratory.
Students also master basic operational functions and safety procedures.
Students also master multiplication and division and develop problem-solving skills.
Students also match the time of day with various events.
Students also measure barometric pressure, soil temperature and moisture content, and rainfall.
Students also measure the movement of the foot.
Students also measure their own reaction times, pulse rate, and lung capacity.
Students also meet as a class with the instructors once a week.
Students also meet in plenary sessions.
Students also meet in small groups during the rest of the day and evening.
Students also meet individually with the field coordinator twice during the course.
Students also meet local business leaders through networking luncheons.
Students also meet new friends and have fun through a variety of social activities.
Students also meet once a week for dinner with a guest speaker.
Students also meet once a week in a regularly scheduled class.
Students also meet once a week prior to the departure to hear lectures from the professors.
Students also meet privately with their advisers to review their papers or projects.
Students also meet regularly with their study teams outside of scheduled class time.
Students also meet their patients and can download their medical charts.
Students also meet to discuss topics of interest to various council members.
Students also meet together as a group twice a month and have regular sessions with the director.
Students also meet with a physician from the community, called a preceptor, one day each week.
Students also meet with peer advocates and study with German tutors.
Students also memorize eight poems from classic authors.
Students also memorize twelve poems throughout the year.
Students also mimic they way instructors live, and form similar values and priorities.
Students also mingle with industry leaders in classes.
Students also mobilize to organize numerous dances outside as well as inside the school.
Students also nominate themselves by submitting a paragraph stating the reasons for their candidacy.
Students also observe blood donor and component processing at an affiliated blood center.
Students also observe classroom and school management strategies.
Students also observe professionals conducting community health education programs.
Students also observe the denaturing reaction of proteins and the inhibition of an enzyme.
Students also observe the denaturing reaction of proteins and the reaction of starch with iodine.
Students also observe, assist, and teach in a school or community setting.
Students also obtain a breadth of knowledge in all business functional areas.
Students also obtain a portfolio of professional contacts and reference materials.
Students also obtain exposure to court appearances, closings and related work.
Students also obtain first hand experience through required practicums.
Students also obtain funding through the center in the form of research assistantships.
Students also obtain practice in the co-op employment process.
Students also operate the on-campus flower shop.
Students also organize a number of events.
Students also organize in cultural encounters.
Students also organize lectures and the seminars of the Wharton Conference Series.
Students also organize the evening entertainment and social events.
Students also package copy from the print and broadcast news bureaus.
Students also pair up and then practice against other pairs.
Students also partake in various field trips.
Students also participant in an intensive weekend held in Casper, Wyoming.
Students also participate as athletes and spectators in on-campus athletics.
Students also participate as leaders with children and youth as well as in the music ministry.
Students also participate as servers, lectors, song leaders, musical accompanists and sacristans.
Students also participate by analyzing short case studies.
Students also participate daily in physical education class.
Students also participate from area private schools and adult education programs.
Students also participate in a career mentoring program.
Students also participate in a community service project as a group.
Students also participate in a community service project.
Students also participate in a courtesy and manners program and engage in technology training.
Students also participate in a four-day camping experience.
Students also participate in a graduation ceremony.
Students also participate in a gross brain dissection.
Students also participate in a group project.
Students also participate in a hospital-based inpatient rotation.
Students also participate in a management simulation game.
Students also participate in a mentored research experience in a selected product area.
Students also participate in a mock trial.
Students also participate in a number of research rotations among the various graduate programs.
Students also participate in a number of social events.
Students also participate in a physical fitness program.
Students also participate in a physical training program.
Students also participate in a proseminar designed to bring the courses together.
Students also participate in a range of individual and informal athletic activities.
Students also participate in a research project of their choice and complete a thesis.
Students also participate in a research seminar series and attend a monthly colloquium series.
Students also participate in a service opportunity and travel to surrounding countries.
Students also participate in a state-wide stock market game to learn about investments.
Students also participate in a stockmarket simulation game.
Students also participate in a study team that meets at least twice a week.
Students also participate in a supervised internship.
Students also participate in a variety of exercises and scene studies.
Students also participate in a variety of extra-curricular activities.
Students also participate in a very active seminar program and in a host of journal clubs.
Students also participate in a week long Student Teaching Seminar.
Students also participate in a weekly discussion group online.
Students also participate in a weekly seminar about the conduct of biological research.
Students also participate in a weekly seminar.
Students also participate in a wide range of service activities both on and off the campus.
Students also participate in a wide variety of extracurricular clubs and organizations.
Students also participate in academic and recreation activities.
Students also participate in after school leadership activities.
Students also participate in all of their special grade level activities.
Students also participate in all other aspects of camp life.
Students also participate in an exciting noontime sports program.
Students also participate in an experimental field project.
Students also participate in an interdisciplinary seminar.
Students also participate in an internship.
Students also participate in an overnight workshop on human sexuality.
Students also participate in argumentative exercises included in formal academic debating.
Students also participate in art, music, computer, and science classes to balance their education.
Students also participate in at least one community-based research project.
Students also participate in at least one research project.
Students also participate in bi-weekly research colloquia.
Students also participate in case-planning meetings and provide documentation for their work.
Students also participate in chapel, music and drama, and physical education.
Students also participate in city wide events with students from around the metro area.
Students also participate in class discussion.
Students also participate in class sessions, primarily involving small group discussions.
Students also participate in clinical research projects with various faculty members.
Students also participate in close-order drill and a rigorous physical fitness program.
Students also participate in collaborative, multidisciplinary approaches to health care delivery.
Students also participate in collaborative, multidisciplinary approaches to health-care delivery.
Students also participate in community service programs, yearbook committee, and exhibitions.
Students also participate in community-service projects.
Students also participate in components such as goal setting, decision making and time management.
Students also participate in conferences.
Students also participate in critical analysis of their clinical experiences.
Students also participate in cultural activities in Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Students also participate in culturally enriching activities and field trips.
Students also participate in daily reading exercises.
Students also participate in department productions.
Students also participate in departmental seminars to gain confidence in oral presentations.
Students also participate in diagnosis and treatment of pediatric and adolescent problems.
Students also participate in didactic courses each quarter.
Students also participate in drug refusal role playing and learn about anti-steroids media messages.
Students also participate in educating activitivities.
Students also participate in electives, seminars, journal clubs and laboratory rotations.
Students also participate in environmental projects.
Students also participate in extramural sports which include badminton, volleyball and ping-pong.
Students also participate in faculty-student journal clubs and departmental research seminars.
Students also participate in fairs sponsored by other consortiums and institutions.
Students also participate in field experiences in linguistically diverse settings.
Students also participate in field study tours for New York City , Europe, and Asia .
Students also participate in field trips and cultural activities.
Students also participate in field trips and social events.
Students also participate in field trips.
Students also participate in fitness, flexibility and strength training.
Students also participate in focus groups and complete a locally developed survey.
Students also participate in general ophthalmology and ophthalmic subspecialty clinics.
Students also participate in individual faculty research projects.
Students also participate in individual student-teacher conferences weekly.
Students also participate in issues of program governance, including curricular issues.
Students also participate in jogging, aerobics, weightlifting, basketball, and squash.
Students also participate in journal clubs and attend seminars by invited outside speakers.
Students also participate in journal clubs, student presentations and a visiting speaker's program.
Students also participate in labs that meet once a week for three hours.
Students also participate in leadership and skills contests.
Students also participate in local basketball, soccer, and softball leagues.
Students also participate in many campuses and community activities.
Students also participate in many intramural sports, namely ball-hockey, basketball and volleyball.
Students also participate in meditation exercises and drink traditional tea after classes.
Students also participate in meetings and seminars in their individual laboratories.
Students also participate in mentor programs, community service, and go on field trips.
Students also participate in mock interviews and present seminars to polish their speaking skills.
Students also participate in modest group design projects.
Students also participate in monthly work related activities, such as meetings or seminars.
Students also participate in ongoing computer forums, email lists, and other discussions.
Students also participate in online discussion groups about philosophy.
Students also participate in peer mediation and are trained to serve as Peacemakers.
Students also participate in penny wars.
Students also participate in poetry, essay and art contests.
Students also participate in political debates on environmental, education and other social issues.
Students also participate in pool conditioning on a daily basis.
Students also participate in problem solving activities with a science or mathematics theme.
Students also participate in professional development seminars.
Students also participate in programs through local public schools, as appropriate.
Students also participate in protective order hearings.
Students also participate in reading programs in the home with their parents.
Students also participate in recreational activities to help enhance their fitness levels.
Students also participate in recreational, cultural and educational activities.
Students also participate in regional and national math contests.
Students also participate in regularly scheduled reflection sessions.
Students also participate in related group projects.
Students also participate in research projects and enrichment programs outside the classroom.
Students also participate in role playing and panel discussions.
Students also participate in school and community service projects.
Students also participate in school system science fairs.
Students also participate in selected operating room procedures.
Students also participate in seminar and colloquium programs.
Students also participate in seminar classes, journal clubs, and lab meetings.
Students also participate in seminar meetings.
Students also participate in seminars and workshops.
Students also participate in several field trips throughout the year to enrich their program.
Students also participate in several other events held on campus.
Students also participate in several social and professional activities of their own choosing.
Students also participate in similar neighborhood projects throughout the academic year.
Students also participate in sit down rounds three mornings a week.
Students also participate in specialized drill sessions with one other student and one professor.
Students also participate in specific work-based training programs.
Students also participate in supervised workplace experiences with cooperating business partners.
Students also participate in table tennis, track, tennis, racquetball, billiards, and swimming.
Students also participate in the daily breaking of the fast with communal suppers.
Students also participate in the evaluation of instruction.
Students also participate in the music festivals and concerts throughout the year.
Students also participate in the planning, execution, and analysis of their own surveys.
Students also participate in the program seminar series each year.
Students also participate in the recruiting process.
Students also participate in the research endeavor in their classes.
Students also participate in the science annual symposium.
Students also participate in the seminar program throughout their enrollment.
Students also participate in twice-weekly seminars on a variety of topics.
Students also participate in two performing jazz bands.
Students also participate in two seminar series and conduct and independent project.
Students also participate in university decision making.
Students also participate in values groups focusing on character development.
Students also participate in various field trips during their training.
Students also participate in various social, academic and cultural group activities.
Students also participate in weekend field trips and other enrichment activities.
Students also participate in weekly chapel services.
Students also participate in work-based learning experiences based on the career pathway.
Students also participate in workshops, seminars, and in-service training.
Students also participate weekly in art, music and drama.
Students also participate weekly in community service projects.
Students also particpate in professional projects as part of their course work.
Students also pay a Comprehensive Summer Session Fee.
Students also pay a fee to belong to their student government associations.
Students also pay a nominal lab fee to the instructors on the first day of class.
Students also pay bucks as a part of our consequence system.
Students also pay special fees in addition to tuition.
Students also pay their own bills, maintain the house, and decide which applicants to accept.
Students also perceive the college to be expensive .
Students also perform a night of one act plays a couple of times each year.
Students also perform a scripted play or a musical, enhanced by costumes and scenery.
Students also perform a wide variety of preventive maintenance tasks.
Students also perform and survey music composed for performance by high schools and middle schools.
Students also perform assigned intra-oral functions for clients.
Students also perform at opera, gospel and musical theatre productions.
Students also perform basic algebraic operations including solving linear equations.
Students also perform basic algebraic operations up to and including solving linear equations.
Students also perform better in seminars.
Students also perform blood and urine analysis.
Students also perform community service activities in conjunction with local health organizations.
Students also perform experiments examining aspects of behavior, ecology, and evolution.
Students also perform field studies and observe field operations at oil and gas wells in the region.
Students also perform goniometric measurements and identify possible causes for abnormal gait.
Students also perform in choreography by faculty members and guest artists.
Students also perform in community events.
Students also perform in scenes directed by other students.
Students also perform lab assignments to reinforce specific machine skills.
Students also perform on student recitals as soloists and as accompanists.
Students also perform service in a number of areas.
Students also perform textual analysis of some of the works and write responsive essays.
Students also perform water quality tests.
Students also petition to receive late or retroactive withdrawal or cancellation of courses.
Students also pick a teacher from the school staff to be their mentor.
Students also pick up bits of each other's native tongues.
Students also pick up trash around the area to keep the forest clean.
Students also place dental sealants and fabricate mouth protectors.
Students also plagiarize when they present another student's work as their own.
Students also plan and conduct a research project under the supervision of faculty.
Students also plan and conduct research with guidance.
Students also plan and implement an occupational therapy group activity program.
Students also plan and implement events at the local level.
Students also plan and staff the events.
Students also plan consciousness-raising activities on Campus.
Students also plan dorm social events.
Students also plan individual free-time activities.
Students also plan special programs and events and help to further develop the program.
Students also plan trips too see dance performances.
Students also play a key role in shaping the Festival.
Students also play a part in the competition.
Students also play American football, basketball, baseball, and softball.
Students also play an active role in various small journal clubs and group meetings.
Students also play an important role in the life of the community.
Students also play an instrumental role in organizing a national photo competition and exhibit.
Students also play musical games involving rhythm and pitch.
Students also practice and evaluate advanced assessment and intervention techniques.
Students also practice and learn the value of a healthy lifestyle, including a vegetarian diet.
Students also practice basic cake decorating techniques.
Students also practice computer skills during their internship.
Students also practice drawing and reading graphs.
Students also practice editing techniques and review grammar, usage, and mechanics.
Students also practice fielding impromptu questions.
Students also practice folding paper to stuff envelopes and later fill contracts for mass mailings.
Students also practice freewriting and paragraph development.
Students also practice here for their yearly dance recital.
Students also practice in the school clinic which offers health care service to the community .
Students also practice interacting with professional and clerical personnel in an office setting.
Students also practice interviewing techniques utilizing audio visual equipment.
Students also practice job interview skills and read about different workplace environments.
Students also practice night, instrument and cross-country navigation.
Students also practice organizing and developing essays.
Students also practice phlebotomy skills in an actual hospital or clinical laboratory.
Students also practice preparing transcripts to improve the speed and accuracy of their work.
Students also practice psychomotor skills in the center prior to working with clients.
Students also practice questions management and impromptu speaking.
Students also practice reading multisyllabic words in sentences and in passages.
Students also practice speaking in formal and informal situatons.
Students also practice teaching theses strategies.
Students also practice team interpreting techniques.
Students also practice their writing skills by reporting on several related topics.
Students also practice typing number keys and are introduced to Internet symbols.
Students also practice work habits and communication skills necessary for good job performance.
Students also practise dietary counselling to assist clients in maintaining oral health.
Students also praise the academic advising and the career counseling, the guide says.
Students also pray before lunch and dismissal.
Students also prepare a closing brief.
Students also prepare a demonstrative visual display and an oral presentation.
Students also prepare a dissertation under the supervision of staff from the appropriate department.
Students also prepare a dissolved oxygen test and titrate that.
Students also prepare a mini care plan from the health care setting.
Students also prepare an expanded version of a section from the text.
Students also prepare documentation for hardware control systems.
Students also prepare for job searching and produce a resume and portfolio.
Students also prepare for the certification process.
Students also prepare for the examination through practice tests under exam conditions.
Students also prepare group projects, do writing activities, quizzes, and prepare papers.
Students also prepare oral presentations on contemporary topics in molecular biology.
Students also prepare patient education material on a variety of topics.
Students also present an annual concert.
Students also present and discuss their own works.
Students also present oral and written comments on the work of their peers.
Students also present portfolios in a variety of new ways.
Students also present research in oral presentations during the course.
Students also present the results of their work at meetings throughout the USA and world.
Students also present theater productions and dance programs.
Students also present their own work in class, using plain language.
Students also present their projects to the seminar and act as discussants of their projects.
Students also present their research to the lab s industry affiliates at the annual review meeting.
Students also present their results orally in brief presentations.
Students also present their work to local industry and at other national and regional conferences.
Students also print homework from the software for additional practice and review.
Students also produce a final research thesis.
Students also produce a formal report on the placement.
Students also produce a major piece of written text.
Students also produce a major written text that supports their design practice.
Students also produce a recycling newsletter and participate in composting activities.
Students also produce an independent study which takes the form of a report.
Students also produce and air special entertainment and sports programs.
Students also produce broadcasts that can be shown to other classrooms.
Students also produce frequently used tools of the trade.
Students also produce imaginative writings in the form of short stories, poems, and scripts.
Students also produce newscasts for radio and television.
Students also produce simple visuals, such as transparencies and mounted pictures.
Students also produce videos for the campus cable system.
Students also produce videos of school events and community activities.
Students also produce work for the student newspaper.
Students also profit from discussions with Honors concentration advisors.
Students also progress at a faster rate toward meeting grade level standards.
Students also progress to top-up degrees.
Students also propose solutions to current problems and analyze the proposals.
Students also provide a rough draft writing sample .
Students also provide a rough draft writing sample.
Students also provide demographic indicators and written comments as well.
Students also provide help to teachers and office personnel in using various applications.
Students also provide information on preventive medicine and screen for diseases.
Students also provide modeling for each other through cooperative learning.
Students also provide special displays of individual and group work for school events.
Students also provide the Director of Field Instruction with their feedback on the placement.
Students also provide their own bed linen.
Students also provide victim representation in the criminal cases against the abuser.
Students also provide written group reports of the topics covered.
Students also publish a twice-weekly newspaper and help operate the campus radio station.
Students also publish a yearbook and school newspaper.
Students also publish periodically various newsletters.
Students also publish their work in nationally recognized journals and essay collections.
Students also purchase any texts or materials required for class.
Students also purchase their own helmets.
Students also pursue a non-accounting concentration of their choice.
Students also pursue academic course work.
Students also pursue advanced degrees in communication.
Students also pursue an independent research project.
Students also pursue career goals in professional programs in education, business and economics.
Students also pursue coursework in their chosen minor area of study.
Students also pursue elective study interests, perform independent research, and prepare a thesis.
Students also pursue graduate level study in the humanities and social sciences.
Students also pursue language study while studying abroad.
Students also pursue law degrees, enter the world of business, and work in government.
Students also pursue original research, make oral presentations, and write papers.
Students also pursue research in an area of special interest.
Students also pursue training in an appropriate, field-specific, methodology course.
Students also qualify for student loans on their placement year.
Students also question confidentiality.
Students also range from freshmen to seniors.
Students also rate each tutorial on usefulness and difficulty .
Students also reach beyond our campus boundaries to engage in community service.
Students also read and analyze the work of professionals and peers.
Students also read and discuss a representative selection of modern criticism on Greek tragedy.
Students also read and discuss literary texts, write compositions, and work with newspapers.
Students also read and discuss primary research articles.
Students also read and discuss published work.
Students also read and work on skills in paired groups, and hopefully have fun in class .
Students also read challenging literary works and write fully developed essays.
Students also read ethnographies of college and youth cultures.
Students also read fictional books dealing with quilts and quilting.
Students also read mysteries and compare the stories' sleuths with themselves.
Students also read simple materials and write brief responses in French.
Students also read simple materials and write brief responses in Spanish.
Students also read stories and interpret idioms.
Students also read supplementary books assigned by the teacher.
Students also read their paragraphs on what information they want their probes to collect.
Students also receive a basic understanding of the principles by working on problem-solving cases.
Students also receive a bus pass for the summer program.
Students also receive a cash stipend.
Students also receive a certificate for completing the program.
Students also receive a comprehensive workbook that explains each phase of the admissions process.
Students also receive a corporate discount on membership at a nearby health and fitness club.
Students also receive a course polo shirt.
Students also receive a discount on the conference registration fees.
Students also receive a foundation in business organization, mathematics, and the sciences.
Students also receive a free book each month to take home.
Students also receive a free e-mail account with their enrollment.
Students also receive a full tuition waiver.
Students also receive a high level of support when applying to higher education.
Students also receive a large number of scholarships directly from universities.
Students also receive a lot of personalized attention.
Students also receive a monthly statement indicating all charges accrued, including room and board.
Students also receive a monthly stipend.
Students also receive a notebook containing pertinent information.
Students also receive a nutritious snack.
Students also receive a portion of the proceeds in the form of a commission.
Students also receive a problem workbook featuring hundreds of chess studies.
Students also receive a readiness score which indicates overall level of readiness for first grade.
Students also receive a solid education in the practical discipline of animal training techniques.
Students also receive a sound foundation in the liberal arts and sciences.
Students also receive a special housing allowance.
Students also receive a stipend for active, regular participation.
Students also receive a stipend for the semester.
Students also receive a stipend throughout the program, contingent upon satisfactory progress.
Students also receive a stipend while attending school.
Students also receive a stipend.
Students also receive a summer-research stipend.
Students also receive a textbook to supplement the material available from the software.
Students also receive a ticket for a weekly drawing of exciting prizes.
Students also receive a tour of the courthouse and are able to visit with each of the justices.
Students also receive a tuition scholarship.
Students also receive a waiver that covers tuition.
Students also receive a weekly listing of job opportunities and upcoming interviews.
Students also receive a well-rounded general education through required and elective courses.
Students also receive a working knowledge of computer hardware and software terminology.
Students also receive a working knowledge of computer terminology.
Students also receive a written evaluation and a certificate of attendance.
Students also receive academic assistance through the learning centers.
Students also receive academic enhancement in study skills, time-management and reading.
Students also receive academic guidance from course professors and subject matter experts.
Students also receive academic support from the learning support teacher or an instructional aide.
Students also receive academic training in communication skills from college level instructors.
Students also receive access to the stacks in the main library.
Students also receive adequate preparation for entry into graduate programs.
Students also receive advice about choosing an appropriate major.
Students also receive an employer evaluation and constructive feedback as part of their training.
Students also receive an introduction to journalistic techniques.
Students also receive announcements via mail.
Students also receive appropriate field experiences teaching in selected west Michigan high schools.
Students also receive assistance in learning to adapt to college life.
Students also receive assistance in placements.
Students also receive assistance with expenses involved in producing the dissertation.
Students also receive awards for Perfect Attendance and Outstanding Achievement.
Students also receive basic instruction in computer literacy.
Students also receive basic training in animation, CD-ROM production and web design.
Students also receive bursaries from their sponsors whilst at university.
Students also receive certificates of completion as they finish each area of the program.
Students also receive clinical training in the diagnosis and treatment of eye disorders.
Students also receive close and personal attention with their writing assignments.
Students also receive college credit for their work in a business office.
Students also receive considerable exposure to actual sample survey data from the social sciences.
Students also receive counsel from working automotive designers as well.
Students also receive counseling in career planning, program selection and college selection.
Students also receive counseling with respect to personal emergency and cultural needs.
Students also receive course work in math, English, filing, office procedures, and work simulations.
Students also receive courses in personal and professional development.
Students also receive credit for participating in research conducted by other students or faculty.
Students also receive current information regarding local building regulations and conventions.
Students also receive daily pro-social skills training.
Students also receive discounted tickets.
Students also receive drastic discounts on registration fees at TMS meetings and on publications.
Students also receive e-mail notification as to the grades they have received during the day.
Students also receive excellent preparation for pursuing graduate business and law school degrees.
Students also receive experience as on-camera talent.
Students also receive extensive study guides in each knowledge area.
Students also receive extra credit for tasting cooked and live insect delicacies.
Students also receive feedback on their essays and presentations.
Students also receive feedback on their essays and seminar performance.
Students also receive financial support and academic guidance.
Students also receive formative feedback on their essays and seminar performance.
Students also receive free class repeat privileges for six months.
Students also receive free e-mail accounts.
Students also receive fringe benefits, including complete health coverage.
Students also receive further practice in everyday conversation and speech acts.
Students also receive guidance in completing college and financial aid applications.
Students also receive guidance in photographing slides for documentation of their work.
Students also receive hands-on experience in the use of personal computers for data analysis.
Students also receive hands-on training in techniques for biological field research.
Students also receive hands-on work in our automotive technology lab.
Students also receive hands-on work in the our automotive technology lab.
Students also receive help from the peer advisors assigned to each freshman team.
Students also receive help in improving grammar, diction, sentence structure, syntax, and mechanics.
Students also receive help with composition, grammar, structure and ideas.
Students also receive help with composition, grammar, structure, and ideas.
Students also receive help with other areas such as time management and adjustment to college life.
Students also receive help writing the important college essays.
Students also receive high school credit for the course.
Students also receive home study kits with extra practice material for review.
Students also receive individual benches, tool kits, storage cabinets, and ample workspaces.
Students also receive individual counseling.
Students also receive individual lessons.
Students also receive individualized assistance for undergraduate academic needs.
Students also receive informal instruction in Arabic.
Students also receive information about available scholarships, grants, and internships.
Students also receive information about post-secondary training programs.
Students also receive information about the course tutor.
Students also receive information on various campus activities.
Students also receive infromation about graduate and professional school studies.
Students also receive instruction and extensive practice in grammatical editing skills.
Students also receive instruction and practice in scientific communication.
Students also receive instruction in arc air cutting.
Students also receive instruction in chamber music, private lessons and music theory.
Students also receive instruction in current theoretical approaches in archaeology.
Students also receive instruction in how to study and leadership and values development.
Students also receive instruction in modern portfolio theory and capital structure optimization.
Students also receive instruction in music, art, physical education, library, and study skills.
Students also receive instruction in physical ed., music, art, guidance and library science.
Students also receive instruction in physical education, music, art, guidance and library science.
Students also receive instruction in physical education, music, art, guidance, and library science.
Students also receive instruction in reading, math, and computer operation.
Students also receive instruction in technology, music, drama, and physical education.
Students also receive instruction in Thai language and culture.
Students also receive instruction in the art of news reporting and writing.
Students also receive instruction individually or in small groups.
Students also receive instruction on welding mild steel material using fillet and butt welds.
Students also receive intensive course work and studio instruction.
Students also receive job listings in their in-box.
Students also receive language and cultural preparation and have opportunities to study abroad.
Students also receive licensure to instruct health education.
Students also receive local transportation, medical and theft insurance, and all textbooks.
Students also receive manuals covering every aspects of study.
Students also receive medical coverage and full tuition remission.
Students also receive midterm reports each trimester.
Students also receive multiple credits.
Students also receive music and library instruction once a week.
Students also receive number grades that indicate skill levels.
Students also receive paper for their chart and graph.
Students also receive personal evaluations of their degree program.
Students also receive practice in evaluating and presenting scientific information.
Students also receive practice in writing critically about expository and persuasive prose.
Students also receive private and personalized lessons.
Students also receive recognition at monthly assemblies for pages they have read.
Students also receive recognition each trimester for perfect attendance.
Students also receive recognition of the abilities through the chapter awards.
Students also receive regular feedback on written assignments via e-mail.
Students also receive regular phone contacts from our staff for several months following graduation.
Students also receive religious and military education.
Students also receive reminders about proper behavior for evangelists.
Students also receive school credit for worker-training activities.
Students also receive school supplies and clothing through the migrant education program.
Students also receive services from District music and art teachers.
Students also receive some human rights instruction.
Students also receive special assistance with academics.
Students also receive specialized instruction on neuropathology and perinatal autopsy procedures.
Students also receive suggestions on publicizing and promoting their organizations and events.
Students also receive supervised clinical experience.
Students also receive support from faculty members and staff.
Students also receive the benefit of an association with national student leadership organizations.
Students also receive the message at least once a week through sermons and scripture.
Students also receive the services of a reading resource teacher and two guidance counselors.
Students also receive their adviser's email address to supplement advising sessions.
Students also receive their summer reading assignment.
Students also receive three rural clinical experiences to gain regional anesthesia experience.
Students also receive tips on establishing relationships with service bureaus.
Students also receive training and experience in technical theatre.
Students also receive training in ancillary skills such as proposal writing and presentation.
Students also receive training in basic electrical and plumbing repair and maintenance.
Students also receive training in basic masonry, electrical and plumbing.
Students also receive training in basic theatrical production practices.
Students also receive training in both basic and agricultural sciences.
Students also receive training in communication and salon management.
Students also receive training in literary theory and in research methods.
Students also receive training in resume building, interviewing skills and job search techniques.
Students also receive training through academic courses.
Students also receive tuition and fee waivers.
Students also receive two to three hours of homework nightly.
Students also receive valuable training from business internships and work experiences.
Students also receive written evaluations from the judges.
Students also recieve a report card every six weeks.
Students also recieve academic advising and preparation for graduate school admissions examinations.
Students also recognize radicals and irrational numbers.
Students also recognize the competitive edge they gain from participating in special activities.
Students also recognize the increasing popularity of swing dancing over the past couple of years.
Students also recognize the problems with a liberal arts major.
Students also recognize the vocabulary correlating to the rainforests.
Students also recommend the Shanghai conservatory student recitals on Sundays.
Students also record and rebroadcast various campus activities. .
Students also record data in their field journals.
Students also record the time they spend in various learning activities.
Students also refine skills in English, computer use, and career planning.
Students also reflect on and discuss their teaching experiences.
Students also register and pay tuition for credit hours earned in conjunction with internships.
Students also register for their first-semester classes.
Students also rehearse vocational skills needed for working in a fast food restaurant.
Students also reinforce table and map reading skills.
Students also reinforce their basic laboratory skills in a heat transfer experiment.
Students also reinforce their understanding of cell structure and biological macromolecules.
Students also relate evaporation and condensation to the water cycle.
Students also relate relationships of minerals within igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks.
Students also rely heavily on library services especially reference services.
Students also remain highly involved in campus events and community-service projects.
Students also remember more concepts and principles than facts.
Students also rent houses, apartments and flats, or live with a host family.
Students also repair plastic parts using both plastic welding and adhesive repairs.
Students also report having listservs and websites for clubs and organizations.
Students also report local weather to a television weather station for broadcast.
Students also report on their experiences and interests.
Students also report sensing bitterness left by what was clearly an unpopular and unwon war.
Students also report that their teachers spend more time lecturing than teachers say they do.
Students also report their migration observations to participating classes.
Students also report using the web mostly on a weekly or fortnightly basis.
Students also represent a wide range of ethnic, social, and economic backgrounds.
Students also represent clients in other areas of landlord-tenant law.
Students also represent workers at unemployment insurance appeals hearings.
Students also require effective instruction at the workplace.
Students also require the ability to land the hang glider on a large spot.
Students also research and analyze information, using primary sources, to sort opinion from facts.
Students also research and arrange their own internships, pending approval from their advisor.
Students also research and deliver presentations on current topics within instructional technology.
Students also research and produce a major written piece of text.
Students also research and produce a major written text.
Students also research and write a major theoretical essay and take part in a seminar series.
Students also research and write an academic dissertation on a topic of their choice.
Students also research the environmental changes in a distinct bio-region or smaller place.
Students also research various health services and careers.
Students also respond differently to pressure in the classroom.
Students also respond to a state-determined prompt.
Students also respond well to genuine positive responses throughout the paper.
Students also respond with two essays to writing prompts.
Students also restore aircraft in the airframe portion of the curriculum.
Students also return to the university for a weekly seminar.
Students also review by completing an exit slip at the end of the lesson.
Students also review clinical externship experiences and evaluations.
Students also review current developments in the field of materials.
Students also review current published materials available for classroom use.
Students also review figurative language used in poetry.
Students also review recent publications.
Students also review taxes, billing and advertising.
Students also review the food pyramid in relation to personal nutrient needs.
Students also rotate through the urology clinics.
Students also rotate to supplemental clinical practice sites throughout the state.
Students also rotate, on a limited basis, to other clinical sites.
Students also run their own informal seminars.
Students also run their own seminar series.
Students also sample required courses in drama, wellness, music, physical education and visual arts.
Students also say their personalities began to change subtly.
Students also say they often get mixed messages.
Students also say they received minimal exposure to minority cultures before they reached college.
Students also score significantly higher on reading, writing, and oral communications skills.
Students also see an advisor and register for classes before they leave.
Students also see documentaries and even comedies from the area.
Students also see first-hand how math and science relate to the field of engineering.
Students also see hospitalized patients which serve as an orientation to hospital care.
Students also see how farmers grow vegetables, flowers and even fish indoors.
Students also see how optometry fits into the entire scheme of health care delivery.
Students also see how the various positions interrelate.
Students also see our posters in their schools.
Students also see the benefits of the new system.
Students also see the effects of the financial drain caused by administrative bloat.
Students also see the potential of signing up for the program.
Students also seek information about a college s outstanding feature.
Students also seem to be pleased.
Students also select a Breadth Area in consultation with their advisor.
Students also select a concentration area based upon individual professional interests and goals.
Students also select a functional area in teaching or administration.
Students also select a ministry or public policy concentration.
Students also select a minor area outside their major area of study.
Students also select a minor related to their interests.
Students also select a minor study area and electives based on their needs and interests.
Students also select a minor which complements the thematic specializations.
Students also select additional studio courses to expand their knowledge of the visual arts.
Students also select an advanced science elective to complement their area of emphasis.
Students also select an area of clinical focus according to personal interests and career goals.
Students also select an elective topic in an area of interest.
Students also select and review several current research articles.
Students also select at least two core electives in either policy and administration.
Students also select courses from a variety of offerings in intervention techniques.
Students also select courses from state and local government, public managerial and related areas.
Students also select eight interpersonal communication courses and choose a career focus.
Students also select eighteen hours of social science courses.
Students also select five advanced seminars to round out their coursework.
Students also select from a set of optional courses on advanced computing and medical topics.
Students also select from a variety of clubs and activities to supplement their academic programs.
Students also select from a variety of special topic elective courses.
Students also select one elective course, which augments the study of marital and family therapy.
Students also select one elective.
Students also select one major project.
Students also select one or two courses outside the package to meet their individual needs.
Students also select optional modules reflecting their own specialist area of interest.
Students also select several electives to develop a program suited to their own interests and goals.
Students also select the sites that they evaluate and write the annotations in their own words.
Students also select three electives.
Students also select topics of interest to pursue on their own resulting in a final paper.
Students also sell advertisements to fund the production of the book.
Students also sell and prepare all the ads for the campus newspaper.
Students also send and receive e-mail regarding their vacation experiences.
Students also serve as advisors and mediators within the System.
Students also serve as guides for reunion classes.
Students also serve as law guardians for children in termination of parental rights and other cases.
Students also serve as paid assistants in the chemistry department stockroom.
Students also serve as primary leaders within the Bulldog Battalion.
Students also serve as referees and umpires.
Students also serve as security officers or carry out public relations activities.
Students also serve clinical internships.
Students also serve internships with government agencies, policy organizations, and companies.
Students also serve on many college committees.
Students also serve on the following committees.
Students also serve on the majority of the committees involved in institutional governance.
Students also serve research apprenticeships with clinical faculty members.
Students also serve up salads, sandwiches, hot specials and freshly baked desserts.
Students also serve with the news departments of TV stations in nearby Dayton.
Students also share a laundry facility and mini-kitchen.
Students also share an array of high-tech and multimedia equipment.
Students also share and report information in a daily closed-circuit television report.
Students also share books and learning with parents through letters sent home.
Students also share findings and communicate with one another using e-mail from the Web site.
Students also share findings and communicate with other students using e-mail from the web site.
Students also share in the governance of the school.
Students also share their own culture's attitudes about gambling.
Students also share tooth-fairy traditions and other stories from their region.
Students also sharpen mental and physical perceptions as well as diagnostic skills.
Students also show a significant improvement in science understanding during the same period.
Students also show slides of their work.
Students also showcase their creative works.
Students also sign contracts.
Students also solve puzzles, gather evidences, and process it in a virtual laboratory.
Students also spend a morning in the operating room observing surgery.
Students also spend part of each week assisting staff with web questions.
Students also spend significant time in classrooms.
Students also spend some time in the computer room using language learning programmes.
Students also spend some time in the computer room.
Students also spend the summer between their first and second years doing research.
Students also spend time at the residential campus in Ottawa, Kansas.
Students also spend time choosing books and reading.
Students also spend time examining character study and experimenting with improvisation.
Students also spend time in self-study and on preparation of coursework.
Students also spend time learning about horses.
Students also spend time on trails, hiking and camping as they visit more remote locations.
Students also spend time practice in the language lab.
Students also spend time practicing skills directly related to career counseling.
Students also spend time practicing skills directly related to the helping process.
Students also spend two weekends per semester participating in classes and special activities.
Students also start their planning-related specialisation in consultation with staff.
Students also stay a long time.
Students also stay in homeroom groups of mixed achievement levels for other subjects.
Students also stay informed about current issues by reading the latest news reports.
Students also struggle when teachers miss class because of sporting events.
Students also struggle with texts because of subjectivity.
Students also study a foreign language.
Students also study a language from beginners, intermediate or advanced level.
Students also study a particular topic in depth and prepare a report on it during their attachment.
Students also study advanced garde manger during their second year.
Students also study and analyze samples of contemporary American journalism.
Students also study and write program notes for a concert of their choice.
Students also study applied statistics and information technology for marine biologists.
Students also study areas of electrical engineering, including electronics and control systems.
Students also study art history.
Students also study basic facts about the geography, customs, and culture of the country.
Students also study basic tax research methods.
Students also study bouncing objects, acceleration due to gravity, and pendulum motion.
Students also study Bulgarian literature, second foreign language and mathematics.
Students also study business administration, dental ethics and patient management.
Students also study business English, business math, office procedures, and much more.
Students also study business ethics, software licensing issues, and interpersonal relations.
Students also study cell structure from transmission and scanning electron micrographs.
Students also study composition for both acoustic and electric instruments.
Students also study composition for both acoustic and electronic instruments.
Students also study computer science, broadening their application of mathematical tools.
Students also study computer system architecture.
Students also study conversation and business tradition through video.
Students also study courses related to their majors.
Students also study either French or German.
Students also study either French, German or Spanish.
Students also study equation solving, problem solving, probability and estimation.
Students also study Groups and Organisations.
Students also study height, weight, volume, sound, speech, and energy.
Students also study how industrialization and mechanized farming changed daily life in America.
Students also study how the U.S. legal system balances competing values that come into conflict.
Students also study in the language lab five hours per week.
Students also study industrial relations theory and research methods.
Students also study insects, animals, water, trees, flowering plants and so forth.
Students also study intensive Spanish.
Students also study introductory Hebrew and Arabic.
Students also study issues relating to distributed computing.
Students also study Japanese sword and staff techniques as instruments of training.
Students also study job analysis, management styles, and leadership.
Students also study life and other forms of drawing.
Students also study macroinvertebrates as an indicator of stream health.
Students also study myth from literary, personal, archetypal, and anthropological perspectives.
Students also study myths, which are performed in class.
Students also study nursing research, women's health, and patient education.
Students also study obstacles to gender equality and justice.
Students also study other aspects of their chosen fine arts field.
Students also study plants and their life cycle.
Students also study principles of infection control and medical microbiology.
Students also study problem-solving techniques.
Students also study program correctness, analysis of algorithms, and data structures.
Students also study psychology, economics, and other applicable subjects.
Students also study rational functions, radical functions, and absolute value functions.
Students also study related aspects of a musical career.
Students also study six elective subjects.
Students also study social issues in seminar discussions, debates, mock trials and guided research.
Students also study software licensing issues and interpersonal relations.
Students also study Spanish and Spanish American themes in daily life.
Students also study Spanish, Latin and Japanese.
Students also study stage directions and theatre terminology.
Students also study standard written English and vocabulary.
Students also study state government and the democratic process.
Students also study symbolic logic, logical values and applied logic.
Students also study techniques of specialty shoeing for a variety of conditions.
Students also study telecommunications and networking concepts.
Students also study the basic areas of economics, finance, marketing, and management.
Students also study the biographies of Native American artists, both past and present.
Students also study the business functions of financial, marketing, and operations management.
Students also study the call, role, and ministry of the pastor.
Students also study the chemical effects of carbohydrates and proteins on the body.
Students also study the concept of a food chain and their place in it.
Students also study the controlling function, which concentrates on employee evaluation.
Students also study the cultural and literary background of the authors read.
Students also study the culture and civilization of Rome.
Students also study the culture of both Spain and Hispanic American countries.
Students also study the culture.
Students also study the efficacy of some of the current nutritional fads.
Students also study the field of costume design and the importance of collaboration in theatre.
Students also study the history and cultural implications of each medium.
Students also study the impact of geography in shaping world history and events.
Students also study the impact of individual learning styles upon teaching methods.
Students also study the increasing role of technology in our society.
Students also study the law governing sales.
Students also study the law of adoption.
Students also study the management of technological, engineering, and scientific enterprises.
Students also study the mouth structures of several carnivores to understand their adaptations.
Students also study the needs and behavior of the media and understand organizational advocacy.
Students also study the policies followed after the war, conferences convened and conventions made.
Students also study the political, social, and cultural background of the works being read.
Students also study the relationship between art and literature in the works of Victorian authors.
Students also study the relationship of exercise to over-all cardiac performance.
Students also study the scientific method and the relationship between theory and research.
Students also study the techniques of specialty shoeing for a variety of conditions.
Students also study the various types of Japanese writing systems.
Students also study their own sense of Jewish identity.
Students also study their rights, responsibilities, and legal protections as consumers.
Students also study Turkish language.
Students also study usage, language, and revision techniques.
Students also study various alternatives, such as composting and recycling.
Students also study various cultural traditions and celebrations.
Students also study vector analysis as applied to engineering mechanics.
Students also study vocabulary at a pre-college level.
Students also study ways to effectively incorporate the software into the secondary curriculum.
Students also study web page design and have begun to publish student projects on the internet.
Students also submit a dissertation prospectus at the time of the oral examination.
Students also submit a final project and present it to the class.
Students also submit a personal statement that is considered in the admissions process.
Students also submit a research paper in their individual area of interest.
Students also submit a scholarly article to evaluate writing abilities.
Students also submit a written evaluation of the presentation.
Students also submit essays on a regular basis.
Students also submit formal written reports at the end of the summer.
Students also submit their portfolios of work completed in courses and in internships.
Students also take a capstone course in the strategic management of the globally oriented firm.
Students also take a comprehensive examination and complete a dissertation.
Students also take a comprehensive examination at the end of each school year.
Students also take a course in Italian language.
Students also take a course in Spanish civilization and culture taught by the resident director.
Students also take a cumulative math test three times a year.
Students also take a Japanese language course.
Students also take a language.
Students also take a music theory placement examination to determine eligibility.
Students also take a quiz over the chapter.
Students also take a required senior seminar where discussions about their programs occur.
Students also take a senior seminar course.
Students also take a study-skills class and one on building literacy through newspapers.
Students also take a three credit hour elective.
Students also take a three-credit course on Italian and European culture.
Students also take additional courses tailored to their own interests and needs.
Students also take additional seminars pertinent to their own research interests.
Students also take additional upper level criminal justice courses.
Students also take advanced courses and seminars in one or more areas of specialization.
Students also take advantage of new technology by sending e-mail or fax questions to the faculty.
Students also take advantage of professional internships frequently available with local companies.
Students also take advantage of the many internships available.
Students also take an advanced paper in policy analysis.
Students also take an advisement class during two of the six week sessions.
Students also take an elective course and many audit a Western course.
Students also take an interdisciplinary seminar and one specialized course.
Students also take appropriate placement inventories.
Students also take basic and social science courses.
Students also take basic audio and video production courses.
Students also take breakfast, snack, and full lunch in the college cafeteria.
Students also take classes in jazz theory and composition, jazz history, and jazz arranging.
Students also take classes in literature, foreign language and computer literacy.
Students also take classes in psychology, sociology, biology, political science, and economics.
Students also take classes which encourage critical analysis and encourage life-long learning.
Students also take concentration-related courses in social policy and research methodology.
Students also take course work in oral health while pursuing an academic discipline of their choice.
Students also take courses dealing with human behavior and management.
Students also take courses in algorithms, numerical analysis, and parallel processing.
Students also take courses in art theory, history, aesthetics and criticism.
Students also take courses in biology, organic chemistry, biochemistry, and microbiology.
Students also take courses in chemistry, mathematics, computer science and the liberal arts.
Students also take courses in child growth and development and in the history of education.
Students also take courses in equine behavior, horsemanship, and training.
Students also take courses in general and organic chemistry , biochemistry , and mathematics .
Students also take courses in general and organic chemistry, and mathematics.
Students also take courses in general and organic chemistry, biochemistry, and mathematics.
Students also take courses in statistics and research methods in clinical psychology.
Students also take courses in the humanities and social sciences.
Students also take courses in the humanities and the social sciences.
Students also take coursework in a cognate area of their choice, such as in English or business.
Students also take coursework related to the excavations.
Students also take coursework to fulfill minors and liberal-studies requirements.
Students also take Czech language for two hours per week.
Students also take either foreign language or reading to complete the full academic load.
Students also take elective courses in their area of specialization.
Students also take English in English.
Students also take essay examinations based on the course readings.
Students also take field trips to study different environmental phenomena.
Students also take fitness classes at a nearby athletic club.
Students also take five elective courses selected from among the three areas listed below.
Students also take focused courses on aviation and transportation issues.
Students also take four courses in literature from designated periods.
Students also take four courses in Mathematics.
Students also take further mathematics classes.
Students also take health and career planning.
Students also take Hebrew language and area studies courses as part of the year-long program.
Students also take home a packet of assignments to complete over the summer.
Students also take instrumental music twice weekly.
Students also take introductory courses in biblical thought and theology.
Students also take introductory modules in literature and politics during their first year.
Students also take lectures in social research methods and statistics for information management.
Students also take liberal studies courses in either the target language or in English.
Students also take mathematics classes.
Students also take modules in micro and macro economics.
Students also take monthly water samples and post their findings on the home page.
Students also take on emergency service when help is needed.
Students also take on projects of their own.
Students also take one course focusing on values and one addressing the future.
Students also take one course in the late afternoon.
Students also take one mock board written examination yearly.
Students also take optional classes each year in design and related subjects.
Students also take oral exams in some subjects, usually languages.
Students also take out commercial and state-sponsored loans.
Students also take part in a variety of professional activities, including specialist seminars.
Students also take part in athletics.
Students also take part in field trips and homestays with Japanese families.
Students also take part in individual events, especially impromptu, extemp and interpretive reading.
Students also take part in regional and provincial cross country meets.
Students also take part in supervised field work.
Students also take part in the department's consulting service.
Students also take physical education and health each year.
Students also take physical education which includes instruction in swimming and health.
Students also take planning courses to explore city planning as a career.
Students also take programs for general interest and increased personal awareness and health.
Students also take regular lessons and classes during the six week summer session.
Students also take regular university courses as part of the Bridging Year.
Students also take responsibility for business and circulation management.
Students also take responsibility for cleaning their rooms, the corridors and common rooms.
Students also take responsibility for doing their part in having a clean learning environment.
Students also take roles behind the camera.
Students also take seven other courses about American society and culture.
Students also take several production agriculture courses.
Students also take six semester hours of technical electives, allowing for some specialization.
Students also take some practical classes in the methods and techniques of analytical geography.
Students also take specialty courses in computers.
Students also take the class for self-improvement.
Students also take the course for self-improvement.
Students also take the Experiential Education Seminar and one elective course.
Students also take their neurology clerkship in the fourth year.
Students also take three elective courses and a required four-semester, integrating seminar.
Students also take three language modules.
Students also take three single modules in business studies taught over both semesters.
Students also take turns camping at the property.
Students also take turns reading aloud from the story.
Students also take two academic courses in addition to their internships.
Students also take two additional developmental or college level courses in Mathematics and English.
Students also take two courses in composition to improve their communication skills.
Students also take two distance courses a year in their ministry settings.
Students also take two elective classes from an extensive list, including graduate-level classes.
Students also take two to four weekend courses each year.
Students also take written and practical exams and write papers to receive course credits.
Students also taste the foods represented by the letters they wrote about in their alphabet books.
Students also teach in lecture and laboratory courses under faculty supervision.
Students also teach mini-lectures.
Students also team up by school to compete in the Academic Bowl, a multilanguage quiz game.
Students also telephone or visit instructors during office hours.
Students also tend to do very well on labs and quizzes.
Students also tend to group things either based on observable features or based on concepts.
Students also tend to increase their consumption of alcoholic beverages and sodas.
Students also tend to think that their work is complete when they have understood.
Students also test and evaluate design ideas by building working prototypes.
Students also test welds using both destructive and non-destructive methods.
Students also tour campus facilities and laboratories to experience campus life.
Students also tour local schools and perform in area hospitals and community centers.
Students also tour the campus and meet in small groups with professors.
Students also tout the convenience of Flashcards -i.e.
Students also track the closing numbers of stocks they are watching over the semester.
Students also train with guest teachers and choreographers from the New York City dance community.
Students also travel abroad for a eight-day international study trip .
Students also travel in the area around Segovia.
Students also travel to historical and cultural locations around the country.
Students also travel to nearby temples and colleges for other activities.
Students also travel to workshops and seminars across the United States.
Students also treasure the relationships with faculty and other students that begin that first year.
Students also try their hand at real life pioneer skills during an overnight camp out.
Students also try to come up with challenging questions to stump their peers.
Students also try to keep the playground by bringing in a piece of garbage at recess time.
Students also try to move to match a given velocity time graph.
Students also turn for advice to manuals and manufacturers technical support.
Students also turn in a portfolio of completed prints at the end of the term that are graded.
Students also turn in papers via the Internet.
Students also turn to their advisors for help in all aspects of student life.
Students also tutor one individual during the year.
Students also type lessons from the keyboarding textbook.
Students also undergo counseling at the high school.
Students also understand other similar model equations they study in science classes.
Students also understand the basic features of the more commonly used class libraries.
Students also understand word problems better if they compose their own problems.
Students also understudy the professional actors.
Students also undertake a major individual research project and small group tutorial-based studies.
Students also undertake a philosophical project in the third year.
Students also undertake a project developing social investigation skills.
Students also undertake a research project on a topic of their choice.
Students also undertake a significant research project in music.
Students also undertake a substantial laboratory-based project in biochemistry or immunology.
Students also undertake a substantial research project.
Students also undertake an extensive study of the law.
Students also undertake an independent project.
Students also undertake at least one large project subject as part of the course.
Students also undertake concurrent industry-based experience.
Students also undertake fieldwork and collect data on the physical inputs into the farming system.
Students also undertake increased responsibility for exhibitions and sales.
Students also undertake individual projects during their final year.
Students also undertake law-related internships with judges, lawyers, and prosecutors.
Students also undertake private study throughout the course.
Students also undertake private study to supplement their classes.
Students also undertake projects in biomathematics and bioscience.
Students also undertake supervised teaching practice during school placements.
Students also undertake their own research projects on social science and law in the course.
Students also use a hands-on approach to learning mathematical concepts.
Students also use a range of educational software.
Students also use a word processor to facilitate their writing activities.
Students also use action verbs and descriptive language to enliven their writing.
Students also use classrooms.
Students also use computer programs that are designed to develop business English skills.
Students also use computer programs to explore and reinforce skills in all curriculum areas.
Students also use computer software to simulate circuits.
Students also use computer software to solve simulated circuit problems.
Students also use computer technology in all areas of the curriculum.
Students also use computer technology on a daily basis in all areas of the curriculum.
Students also use computers and information technology tools to support scientific investigations.
Students also use computers and information technology tools to support their investigations.
Students also use computers for other learning activities.
Students also use computers for real-time data gathering within other modules on the course.
Students also use computers in some classes for word processing.
Students also use computers in their classrooms.
Students also use debate and interviewing techniques as a means of achieving oral fluency.
Students also use digital cameras and scanners to create art.
Students also use each incidence of feedback to build toward the next project.
Students also use electives to pick up courses in communications, computer science, and business.
Students also use electronic editing to improve their reports.
Students also use estimation, measuring, and computation skills.
Students also use fax machines and telephones to stay in touch as the mystery unfolds.
Students also use fly rods and fish with live bait.
Students also use grounded theory to put the practices they observe into theoretical contexts.
Students also use informal recital hours during the day to present brief solo or ensemble concerts.
Students also use information from class reading in class discussion, critical thinking and writing.
Students also use instruments appropriate for singing, marching and instrumental group experiences.
Students also use Internet searches to investigate current scientific issues.
Students also use it for research when they have exhausted all other possibilities.
Students also use it on a drop-in basis for assignments.
Students also use it to reach their instructional labs.
Students also use it to share news and contact other international students on campus.
Students also use Just the Facts.
Students also use many idiomatic expressions and slang expressions in their speech.
Students also use mental images when solving mathematical problems.
Students also use modern numerical techniques for power flow analysis and economic dispatch.
Students also use national on-line databases to conduct business research.
Students also use other technology applications and media.
Students also use protection features and work with charts.
Students also use recorded supplemental materials.
Students also use scanners located in tutors' offices.
Students also use self-access packages and the internet in their learning.
Students also use several other studio and shop facilities within the department.
Students also use spreadsheets to analyze field measurements for mistakes.
Students also use spreadsheets to solve complex problems.
Students also use technology to evaluate body mechanics.
Students also use the area for smoke breaks.
Students also use the computer lab extensively.
Students also use the computer labs to complete self paced tutorials.
Students also use the computers to take notes on field trips and share data in science classes.
Students also use the course to do the research and reporting for special stories.
Students also use the gardens to conduct experiments on plant growth requirements.
Students also use the Internet for communication, research, language and cultural projects.
Students also use the Internet to develop individual bids for construction projects.
Students also use the job placement service to locate summer employment.
Students also use the lab facilities to draft resumes and cover letters for job placement purposes.
Students also use the lab to do research, create multimedia reports and other assigned class work.
Students also use the laboratory for their research activities and design projects.
Students also use the library to produce their projects and papers.
Students also use the links to websites in their daily quest for knowledge.
Students also use the occupational programs to upgrade themselves in the positions they hold.
Students also use the Passport to set and assess goals.
Students also use the published literature on American immigrants and ethnic relations.
Students also use the technology to publish a student newsletter.
Students also use their e-mail accounts to buy or sell things through the Internet.
Students also use various devices to measure the physical properties of fluids.
Students also use videos as a resource for assignments and independent study.
Students also use workbooks and engage in role playing during the classes.
Students also use writing as a thinking tool in a process approach.
Students also utilize an in-room technology lab with seven computer stations.
Students also utilize computerized data collection, reduction, and graphic presentation.
Students also utilize online resources to interact and learn from each other.
Students also value nonverbal as well as verbal immediacy.
Students also value the sympathetic ear counselors provide.
Students also vary in the ways in which they prefer to acquire additional proficiency.
Students also venture into the community to do fieldwork.
Students also view a bibliography especially made for the images located in the icon libraries.
Students also view a briefing video about satellite technology.
Students also view a demonstration of a tooth model and steps for proper cleaning.
Students also view a short video that demonstrates both good and abusive dating relationships.
Students also view an astronaut simultaneously drop a feather and a hammer.
Students also view and study taped performances and explore dance literature.
Students also view films and videos specifically aimed at the beginning language learner.
Students also view Russian feature films once a week.
Students also view the new location as a good move.
Students also view two theatre performances weekly.
Students also view videotapes and short films.
Students also view videotapes concerning psychiatric diagnosis.
Students also view, analyze, and discuss videotaped and local productions.
Students also visit Belfast.
Students also visit concert halls and theatres for live performances.
Students also visit healthcare sites.
Students also visit historical homes to study architecture and furnishings.
Students also visit hospitals, after-school programs, and group homes to promote dental health.
Students also visit Indianapolis for it museums, nightlife, sporting events, and rock concerts.
Students also visit local firms to learn first hand the challenges and issues facing investors.
Students also visit museums and historic sites in Delaware.
Students also visit other universities besides the affiliated universities.
Students also visit the library and computer lab each week for extension activities in reading.
Students also visit the library just to read for fun.
Students also visit the site to attend lectures, get access to research materials, and take tests.
Students also visit urban townships, rural homesteads and cooperatives, as well as nature reserves.
Students also visit various points of interest in the region.
Students also volunteer at local nursing homes, etc.
Students also volunteer by holding their own fundraising events.
Students also volunteer in the library, helping with such tasks as shelving books.
Students also volunteer their time and ideas to the program.
Students also volunteer their time on a weekly basis to the charity during the year.
Students also volunteer to assist teachers in the traditional classroom.
Students also volunteer to help others.
Students also volunteer to renovate neighborhood homes.
Students also walk together in the ramp.
Students also watch movies on sky observing tips, stellar parallax, and circumpolar stars in motion.
Students also watch movies or view speeches related to Russian culture.
Students also work as a team whenever possible.
Students also work as part of the teaching team using effective communication techniques.
Students also work at state agencies, local city governments and local companies.
Students also work at the campus literary magazines and the school newspaper.
Students also work closely with each other, providing another resource for learning.
Students also work closely with faculty on research, course issues, and career opportunities.
Students also work closely with other faculty, staff, and community organizers.
Students also work closely with visiting artists who come to campus and set works each semester.
Students also work closely with visiting artists who come to campus and set works each year.
Students also work closely with visiting artists who come to the campus and set works each semester.
Students also work closely with visiting artists who come to the campus and set works each year.
Students also work collaboratively in a group to model a research and design team.
Students also work in archives and practice the techniques learned in the classroom.
Students also work in electronic study groups and have controlled Internet and email access.
Students also work in groups, and so muct make collective decisions about the game.
Students also work in physical therapy clinics to broaden their experience.
Students also work in small groups at the other learning stations.
Students also work in teams on yearlong community service projects.
Students also work in teams to create a settlement on one of the moons of Jupiter.
Students also work in teams to prepare a marketing plan for a product or brand of their choice.
Students also work in the garden by weeding, watering, carrying compost, harvesting, etc.
Students also work independently in the clinic, performing a variety of support services.
Students also work independently in the language laboratory to improve speaking and aural skills.
Students also work individually on compositional and performance projects.
Students also work on a master thesis under the guidance of their advisors.
Students also work on animations, news articles, interviews and public service announcements.
Students also work on building both their practical and academic vocabulary.
Students also work on campus in the computer labs, library, administrative offices, and bookstore.
Students also work on developing backstage expertise.
Students also work on digs.
Students also work on individual research projects.
Students also work on interpreting the text for today.
Students also work on miscellaneous projects as they are assigned.
Students also work on miscellanous projects as they are assigned.
Students also work on projects sponsored by external companies.
Students also work on projects that directly touch the communities of the city.
Students also work on scientific research papers.
Students also work on sentence variety.
Students also work on skills needed to find and maintain job placements.
Students also work on study skills, test-taking skills, time management and stress management.
Students also work on the business division.
Students also work on the theoretical and experimental light scattering work.
Students also work on their language skills and knowledge of different cultures.
Students also work on their own, devising projects, creating installations, and writing scripts.
Students also work on translations of practical and literary texts.
Students also work on writing skills daily through journals and many other writing activities.
Students also work to identify and research the health concerns in the area.
Students also work to serve the community and parish.
Students also work together by participating in daily cabin cleaning.
Students also work together on projects and in study groups.
Students also work together to decide how to handle a situation of sexual harassment.
Students also work together, learn to share and care.
Students also work with a naturalist at activity stations for further exploration.
Students also work with a variety of ink, pastels and watercolor.
Students also work with audiotaped books and plays and a monthly magazine.
Students also work with clinicians on an individual and group basis.
Students also work with each other.
Students also work with electrical and plumbing contractors.
Students also work with faculty as part of a student faculty research team.
Students also work with faculty to complete research and present papers at academic conferences.
Students also work with folders, files, and other file maintenance functions.
Students also work with hands shown in mirrored and non-mirrored positions.
Students also work with instructors to determine a business strategy that is appropriate.
Students also work with local apprenticeship trainers to meet apprenticeship work standards.
Students also work with local businesses to design pamphlets, brochures, and web pages.
Students also work with local community service organizations to learn about civic responsibility.
Students also work with presentation software.
Students also work with professional staff on special projects at the institute.
Students also work with professionals off campus in supervised internships.
Students also work with public school students to enhance their academic preparation.
Students also work with shortcuts and perform floppy and hard disk maintenance.
Students also work with spreadsheets and databases.
Students also work with story problems, fractions, decimals, and daily living math skills.
Students also work with texture, color theory, drawing, painting and visual analysis.
Students also work with the files in the Recycle Bin.
Students also work with their subject mentor in school.
Students also work with wood, fiber or found objects.
Students also work, have families, social activities, and many more responsibilities.
Students also worry about events in the District.
Students also worry about having enough time to do the work for the course.
Students also worry about what they see as vague building plans.
Students also write a business report.
Students also write a comprehensive paper or examination their senior year.
Students also write a dissertation in the final term.
Students also write a dissertation in their honours years.
Students also write a dissertation on a subject of their choice.
Students also write a dissertation on an agreed topic.
Students also write a dissertation.
Students also write a final paper.
Students also write a formal report of an investigation.
Students also write a line of dialog for their character to say.
Students also write a midterm and final exam and complete a final project.
Students also write a midterm exam and complete a final project.
Students also write a press release outlining their three major campaign issues.
Students also write a reflection on each lesson they design and teach.
Students also write a research paper.
Students also write a simple compiler.
Students also write a term paper.
Students also write a thesis in their area of interest and take a comprehensive examination.
Students also write a thesis on a topic that draws from at least two academic departments.
Students also write about literature, including both response writing and critical analysis.
Students also write across the fifth grade curriculum.
Students also write an essay focusing on some aspect of West Virginia current events.
Students also write an expository research paper.
Students also write an integrative exercise during senior year.
Students also write and critique their own poems.
Students also write and direct feature movies and documentaries.
Students also write applets and applications to perform web-specific tasks.
Students also write as explanation of why the cells are important.
Students also write business correspondence.
Students also write filthy words in notes and on school property.
Students also write from dictation.
Students also write in their journals after each contact with the project.
Students also write letters to preservationist and conservationist agencies to request information.
Students also write many informal responses in class.
Students also write poetry.
Students also write press releases, radio and television announcements, and examine case studies.
Students also write reflective analysis papers on at least two jazz performances outside of class.
Students also write regularly on quizzes and examinations.
Students also write resumes in the class.
Students also write several essays about literature.
Students also write several take-home quizzes on their textbook reading.
Students also write short and extended responses to questions.
Students also write short journal entries reflecting on the issues presented.
Students also write short stories based upon both decided topics and freewrite topics.
Students also write some programs in assembly language.
Students also write the text for the narration and titles needed for each story.
Students also write their own creative non-fiction and keep journals.
Students also write their own stories drawing information from the computer software.
Students also write timed writings on a variety of given topics.
Students also write weekly essays on the readings.
Students also write workbook exercises, which reinforce vocabulary and grammatical structures.
Students also write, produce and anchor radio broadcasts.
Students alternate a week in the classroom with a week of work.
Students alternate between academic classes and a planned career related employment experience.
Students alternate between periods of co-op and classes.
Students alternate between semesters in class and semesters working.
Students alternate between semesters of paid employment and semesters of study.
Students alternate paid work terms with semesters of academic study.
Students alternate responsibilities on the team.
Students alternate semesters in textile design patterning on paper with surface design on fabric.
Students alternate semesters of academic course work with semesters of full-time employment.
Students alternate semesters until three work semesters have been completed.
Students alternate subtracting one or two from the number they receive .
Students alternate through rotations at several area hospitals.
Students alternately ask questions of each other and provide corrective feedback.
Students amend their answers where necessary.
Students amy submit an application through only one participating institution.
Students analyse Canada's trade associations, employment trends, and economic relationships.
Students analyse real ecological data sets in weekly laboratory sessions.
Students analyse the relevance of specific issues presented in the Australian context.
Students analyse their sample and record the data in a table.
Students analyse their work in terms of their definitions.
Students analyse what contributes to the effect of a work of art.
Students analyze a case-study system using written and oral techniques.
Students analyze a cassette tape of a mock arbitration hearing.
Students analyze a conversation with a family member.
Students analyze a given series of terms and fill in the missing terms.
Students analyze a large sample survey using statistical software packages.
Students analyze an assemblage of their choice.
Students analyze and assess the characteristics, merits, and meanings of works of art.
Students analyze and compare seismic data.
Students analyze and create arguments.
Students analyze and critique research finding, theoretical paradigms and media effects.
Students analyze and critique research findings, theoretical paradigms, and media effects.
Students analyze and critique the value of prominent theories of infant development.
Students analyze and critique the various functions that recreation and sport fulfill in culture.
Students analyze and critique various modes of distance education in Alaska.
Students analyze and debate actual ethical quandaries and attempt to find workable solutions.
Students analyze and debate social and educational issues.
Students analyze and defend their choices.
Students analyze and deliver famous speeches of their choice.
Students analyze and design algorithms for extracting parameters from the speech signal.
Students analyze and design algorithms for speech and audio coding.
Students analyze and design algorithms for speech recognition.
Students analyze and design combinational and sequential circuits.
Students analyze and design construction projects on campus.
Students analyze and discuss texts in seminar format.
Students analyze and evaluate all forms of mass media content - visual and verbal.
Students analyze and evaluate arguments for competing hypotheses.
Students analyze and evaluate independently while reading, writing, and discussing heavily.
Students analyze and evaluate policies in an area of their choice.
Students analyze and evaluate the characteristics, merits and meaning of works of art.
Students analyze and evaluate the characteristics, merits, and meaning of works of art.
Students analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of communication.
Students analyze and evaluate the uses of evidence and data in conflicting interpretations.
Students analyze and evaluate theories for application to their own practice.
Students analyze and explain genetic processes and hereditary principles.
Students analyze and imitate major authors.
Students analyze and interpret data so that they can make predictions and decisions.
Students analyze and interpret data.
Students analyze and interpret images of women in the works of literature assigned.
Students analyze and interpret the artfulness of language and technique in poetry and fiction.
Students analyze and interpret the data and give oral presentations on their studies.
Students analyze and interpret their data by visual inspection or by plotting the data on a graph.
Students analyze and manually graph data on hand out.
Students analyze and perform selected literature.
Students analyze and practice poetic and fictional techniques.
Students analyze and present recent research publications in the field.
Students analyze and present their results.
Students analyze and project outcomes.
Students analyze and reflect.
Students analyze and solve digital problems in practical workplace situations.
Students analyze and solve interface design and system integration problems.
Students analyze and solve problems and thereby gain fundamental computer literacy.
Students analyze and use tables, graphs and rules to solve problems involving rates and proportions.
Students analyze and work with materials from actual investigations and trials.
Students analyze arguments and create their own in original essays.
Students analyze articles about cigars.
Students analyze articles and book chapters, examining whether arguments are supported by data.
Students analyze assessment data.
Students analyze attractive food packaging.
Students analyze attributes of the website and the potential to invite higher level thinking.
Students analyze both a formal group and their own communication styles.
Students analyze business situations and develop strategies in terms of financial variables.
Students analyze campaign candidates and political initiatives.
Students analyze Canada's trade associations, employment trends, and economic relationships.
Students analyze Canada's trade associations, employment trends, and economirelationships.
Students analyze case studies and interpret clinical and financial data.
Students analyze cases and other real marketing problems.
Students analyze cases and practice human resource techniques through projects and discussions.
Students analyze cases, draft plans to overcome problems, implement strategies and evaluate results.
Students analyze cases, solve problems, engage in contract negotiation and complete a contract.
Students analyze cases, solve problems, engage in contract negotiations and complete a contract.
Students analyze character, setting, plot, theme, point of view, conflict, and style.
Students analyze characteristics of an artifact and create a list of clues describing that artifact.
Students analyze cigar advertisements.
Students analyze communication situations of their own choice.
Students analyze contemporary correctional organizational structures and treatment process.
Students analyze contemporary dilemmas, issues, and applications of anthropological theory.
Students analyze contemporary research as related to the police role.
Students analyze core works, identifying literary elements and various styles of writing.
Students analyze correlations with clinical diagnostic imaging techniques.
Students analyze cultural dynamics through ethnographic projects, films and simulations.
Students analyze current and historical maps to identify changes in their local watersheds.
Students analyze current internet marketing issues and prepare reports.
Students analyze current trends and issues related to delinquency in America.
Students analyze data and apply concepts to decide each case.
Students analyze data and communicate results in a written document.
Students analyze data and use communicate results in a written document.
Students analyze data and write conclusions.
Students analyze data and write final reports in self-selected groups of no more than three.
Students analyze data for patterns and trends.
Students analyze data for reasonableness.
Students analyze data from a wide variety of fields, making and critiquing quantitative arguments.
Students analyze data from actual political surveys.
Students analyze data on major issues, including taxes, entitlements, and civil rights.
Students analyze data statistically and write a research proposal.
Students analyze data they collect on birth dates.
Students analyze data to determine the better location for their company.
Students analyze data to solve a mystery and identify a potential polluter.
Students analyze data using spreadsheets and write lab reports.
Students analyze data using statistical software and interpret results.
Students analyze data, generalizing observations and theories about their results.
Students analyze decisions through case studies selected from different contexts.
Students analyze demographic trends and pending legislation and predict impact upon U.S. society.
Students analyze detailed artistic choices.
Students analyze dialogue to understand plot.
Students analyze directorial techniques in a final project.
Students analyze elements of several stories by exemplary authors.
Students analyze entire newspaper stories.
Students analyze environmental issues using ethical guidelines.
Students analyze Europe's largest and most hotly contested telecommunications market.
Students analyze examples of the shoulder blade in preparation for an upcoming exam.
Students analyze existing sites as well as create one of their own.
Students analyze federal civil rights and voting rights developments.
Students analyze film adaptations of American literary texts.
Students analyze flow through aquifers using original and existing programs.
Students analyze food labels.
Students analyze four major plays in their entirety as well as individual scenes and monologues.
Students analyze given quantitative problems and develop appropriate solutions.
Students analyze graphs to determine trends and patterns that can be used to predict weather.
Students analyze group member roles and group process of their work group.
Students analyze historical data using a computer database and spreadsheet.
Students analyze historical public addresses.
Students analyze how money is currently being invested and offer recommendations to the managers.
Students analyze how the U.S. justice system responds to emerging technologies.
Students analyze how their own homes use electricity.
Students analyze individual problems.
Students analyze interiors using basic design concepts.
Students analyze issues from the differing perspectives of artist, mathematician, and scientist.
Students analyze labels.
Students analyze leadership functions, characteristics, styles, and roles.
Students analyze literary and journalistic texts, films and print media.
Students analyze literary works, write individual or collaborative papers, and give presentations.
Students analyze literature using a variety of genres and become involved in literary criticism.
Students analyze major concepts of government.
Students analyze marketing cases and develop a marketing plan for a product or organization.
Students analyze materials from literature, history, and other disciplines.
Students analyze meter, tempo, and rhythmic pattern in relation to the actual dances.
Students analyze models to determine system properties.
Students analyze movement performance using static stability to learn or improve movement skills.
Students analyze museum histories as well as develop one of their own.
Students analyze natural, social, and economic factors influencing the quality of the environment.
Students analyze nonfiction prose and write in a variety of modes.
Students analyze nonprose and learn to write it.
Students analyze one culture in depth.
Students analyze one script per week.
Students analyze organizational case studies.
Students analyze patterns and relationships within and among world cultures.
Students analyze persuasive messages as well as develop and present persuasive speeches.
Students analyze photographs for details needed to unlock meanings.
Students analyze physiological problems in-depth as they relate to specific clients.
Students analyze play sequences and their implications for understanding the interpsychic processes.
Students analyze points of view in art.
Students analyze political philosophy, social justice, and epistemology.
Students analyze possible reasons for production of a product in a given country.
Students analyze PR practices and strategies of selected clients.
Students analyze previously collected data.
Students analyze primary sources to understand the effects of a public project on private citizens.
Students analyze problems, order parts, and repair and test equipment.
Students analyze problems, such as query analysis, and design solutions.
Students analyze programs and their own work.
Students analyze progress and process.
Students analyze properties of color, figure-ground relationships, and spatial effects of color.
Students analyze properties of objects and relationships among the properties.
Students analyze purpose, audience, and strategy, which are all essential to effective writing.
Students analyze reactions to stress.
Students analyze readings and develop good expository essays in response to the readings.
Students analyze readings in fiction, poetry, drama, and the essay.
Students analyze readings, synthesize information, and formulate ideas.
Students analyze real data to answer real questions.
Students analyze recent developments in American state and local politics.
Students analyze representative works from several genres and periods.
Students analyze research findings that impact nursing practice and client outcomes.
Students analyze research findings, theoretical paradigms, and mass media issues.
Students analyze research reports and journal articles.
Students analyze scripts and develop a unique production concept using appropriate design theory.
Students analyze scripts and direct scenes and a one-act play.
Students analyze sediment samples combined with material that represents pollen grains.
Students analyze self as a therapeutic instrument in the nurse-client relationship.
Students analyze short primary sources and readings from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
Students analyze significant problems experienced by clients in coping with health and illness.
Students analyze significant problems experienced by clients when coping with health and illness.
Students analyze simple structures by hand calculation, and larger structures by computer.
Students analyze situations and apply the mathematical concepts needed to solve problems.
Students analyze situations, develop alternatives, make decisions, explain and defend actions.
Students analyze skills and strategies from sport and game situations.
Students analyze snack food labels.
Students analyze social science journal articles that utilize statistics.
Students analyze social work practice to understand the effect of policy on direct service.
Students analyze soil in their school garden and make recommendations for improvement.
Students analyze statutes v. regulations.
Students analyze storm run-off and test for total phosphorous, total solids, and fecal coliform.
Students analyze story structure and components and production values of various feature scripts.
Students analyze tables and graphs to identify properties and relationships.
Students analyze tests taken in the paired content course.
Students analyze the advantages and disadvantages of lava flows.
Students analyze the advantages of regular saving and how savings grow with compounding.
Students analyze the aggregate economic behavior of the U.S. economy.
Students analyze the artistic theories and aesthetic principles underlying Eastern and Western art.
Students analyze the background information and can role-play various perspectives.
Students analyze the balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows.
Students analyze the buying and merchandising functions in various types of organizations.
Students analyze the cases to determine the current management style and organization strategy.
Students analyze the collected ads, while the group leader completes the true story chart.
Students analyze the complexity for several typical core algorithms used in solving many problems.
Students analyze the concepts essential for campaign planning.
Students analyze the contributions of the empirical approach to the development of nursing science.
Students analyze the costs and benefits of hosting the Winter Olympics.
Students analyze the data they gather for mean, median, mode, and range.
Students analyze the data to determine the frequency of a parachutist hitting a target area.
Students analyze the development of lines of menswear merchandise from design to consumer purchase.
Students analyze the difference between spoken and written Japanese and other languages.
Students analyze the economic trends and career opportunities in animal agriculture.
Students analyze the effects of international mobility of capital and labor on the U.S. economy.
Students analyze the factors of gender, race, and class as they relate to behavior.
Students analyze the form and content of literature and practice various modes of writing.
Students analyze the funding criteria of various agencies and techniques of strategic communication.
Students analyze the games.
Students analyze the genetic characteristics of some hypothetical seeds.
Students analyze the growth and development process.
Students analyze the history of the modern theatre in London.
Students analyze the impact of technological innovations on the American labor movement.
Students analyze the importance of foreign policy in the creation of presidential legacies.
Students analyze the influence of culture, media, technology, and other factors on health.
Students analyze the information to predict the winning team and final score of an upcoming game.
Students analyze the international developments in the post World War II world.
Students analyze the key activities and institutions of marketing.
Students analyze the lava flows exposed in the area to determine their source area.
Students analyze the management decision-making process via problem solving and case analysis.
Students analyze the meaning of their name.
Students analyze the operational and financial aspects of an insurance company.
Students analyze the performance of children of various ages.
Students analyze the phytochemicals found in their daily diet.
Students analyze the plays, with the goal of revealing each work's meaning and purpose.
Students analyze the poem together, but work alone when they get to the computer lab.
Students analyze the practice of public relations in the corporate and nonprofit sectors.
Students analyze the present to interpret the past and predict the future of earth processes.
Students analyze the problem, and draw their own conclusions.
Students analyze the problem.
Students analyze the process of creating, sending and interpreting verbal and non-verbal messages.
Students analyze the pyroclastic deposits exposed in the area and determine the sequence of events.
Students analyze the resources of tourist areas and formulate goals and strategies.
Students analyze the role of money and credit in the economy.
Students analyze the sexist nature of the compiled words.
Students analyze the soil in a sidewall scarp.
Students analyze the strategies by which they obtain concepts.
Students analyze the stylistic features of different genres and texts.
Students analyze the thematic thrust of stories through an approach based upon archetypal criticism.
Students analyze the underlying, intermediate, and immediate causes of war in a seminar setting.
Students analyze the use of map scales and map coordinates in existing maps.
Students analyze their books' characters, plots, themes, etc.
Students analyze their own and others' communication patterns.
Students analyze their own data.
Students analyze their own diet.
Students analyze their own writing for strengths and weaknesses.
Students analyze their role in their own family system.
Students analyze their sequencing data and enter it into a DNA assembly program.
Students analyze their strengths and personality.
Students analyze their strengths in relation to career goals.
Students analyze their structure and detail any damage they observe.
Students analyze their study site from biological, physical, chemical, and geographic perspectives.
Students analyze their values critically to develop a unified personal and professional framework.
Students analyze theoretical models and psychological bases of instructional techniques.
Students analyze theories and techniques by which managers assess a range of issues.
Students analyze topics of immediate interest.
Students analyze trading on the Internet versus trading on organized exchange.
Students analyze traditional negotiations of expert status and develop alternatives.
Students analyze transient and steady-state behavior of operational amplifiers and digital circuits.
Students analyze treatment modalities and learn to develop treatment plans for clients.
Students analyze two problems and present their findings in writing.
Students analyze various forms of media to determine the impact of persuasive language.
Students analyze various movement skills.
Students analyze various public policy proposals regarding the healthcare system.
Students analyze various types of argument with a view toward clear thinking.
Students analyze ways in which leaders effect change within their companies.
Students analyze ways of defining and parsing regular languages and context-free languages.
Students analyze web sites focused on cost cutting and increased productivity.
Students analyze words that describe emotions and write a poem.
Students analyze works of graduated complexity.
Students analyze world population from a geographic perspective.
Students analyze writing taking various roles, using various tools.
Students analyze zoning and subdivision regulations of a selected community.
Students analyze, categorize, and differentiate characters and events.
Students analyze, describe, and evaluate a designed product.
Students analyze, design and implement the system under faculty supervision.
Students analyze, design, implement, and manage a software system project.
Students analyze, design, program, test, and debug business applications.
Students analyze, discuss and write about the literature of a particular genre, author or period.
Students analyze, evaluate, and report on their experiences.
Students analyze, interpret, and report on data.
Students analyze, present, and critique cases.
Students analyze, rehearse, and perform roles from written texts.
Students analyze, research, and debate selected questions of publiuc policy.
Students analyze, summarize and report their results and interpretations.
Students analyze, write, and give speeches.
Students anesthetize patients for surgical as well as diagnostic procedures.
Students annually elect a student trustee to serve on the board.
Students annually win awards in forensics, television, radio and journalism.
Students anonymously ask questions related to the course.
Students answer a battery of questions and receive feedback from national career centers.
Students answer a brief questionnaire, then share their answers in small groups.
Students answer a fun nutrition or exercise fact and receive a ticket to play a game.
Students answer a key question posed for each page.
Students answer a series of questions and then type in their information.
Students answer a series of questions based on the making of a slideshow.
Students answer a series of questions, then get written feedback and a final 'score'.
Students answer both multiple choice questions and questions requiring student input.
Students answer buddy questions by entering data into a database, using both list and form view.
Students answer clues and locate the name of the explorers.
Students answer comprehension questions.
Students answer computer generated questions and are tested on computer .
Students answer each question and receive immediate feedback.
Students answer in complete sentences.
Students answer in the target language.
Students answer in understandable English without failing to finish, or confusing their thoughts.
Students answer in writing.
Students answer it.
Students answer letters of complaints of classmates in language they are studying.
Students answer matching and true and false questions in addition to completing a word search.
Students answer math questions, worksheet and Implication Questions .
Students answer mathematical questions, from college level down.
Students answer open questions about dinosaurs.
Students answer phones and direct calls to students and staff.
Students answer problems by clicking the answer on the screen.
Students answer question on lab sheet.
Students answer questions about place by clicking the maps.
Students answer questions and fill in diagrams with the information they learn.
Students answer questions and then are taken to a new screen in unique and clever ways.
Students answer questions based on graphs-can even make their own.
Students answer questions based on the volcanic explosivity index.
Students answer questions by manipulate graphs with their cursor.
Students answer questions designed to evaluate understanding of written language structures.
Students answer questions during a presentation.
Students answer questions from sections three using notes.
Students answer questions in a small group.
Students answer questions in both multiple choice and free response styles.
Students answer questions in class dealing with the written homework or assigned reading passages.
Students answer questions in the language they are studying.
Students answer questions in toolbook and save answers for grading.
Students answer questions on the worksheet .
Students answer questions playing and listening to the synthesizer.
Students answer questions posed by teacher and the class.
Students answer questions regarding fuel, aircraft weight and performance, and weather conditions.
Students answer questions that pertain to different job values, abilities, or interests.
Students answer questions with information from thematic maps.
Students answer questions, based on their age, about farm animals, plants etc.
Students answer randomly generated problems with answers in the form of expressions.
Students answer short answer and essay question on exams.
Students answer the clues, map out where snacks are from, and discuss.
Students answer the following questions in small groups.
Students answer the pre-listening questions.
Students answer the question how science helped human expression through the medium of music.
Students answer the questions on the women's history calendar by visiting related Internet sites.
Students answer the questions online, then send their answers to an automatic grader.
Students answer the questions.
Students answer the reflection questions.
Students answer then play again.
Students answer two questions, one from each of two sections.
Students answer two questions, one question from each section.
Students answer two questions.
Students answer with the sound 'd' and are instructed to write that on their paper.
Students answer worksheets as a group.
Students answers literal, inferential, and evaluative questions.
Students anticipate rather than dread new rules.
Students anticipate responses back, and look forward to learning new things.
Students anticipate wearing formal business attire unless otherwise notified.
Students anticipating doctoral studies ordinarily enroll in the general research specialization.
Students anywhere can access the world's most current and extensive information reservoir.
Students anywhere can log onto the web site and see what the hamsters are doing, as they do it.
Students anywhere can log onto the website and see what the hamsters are doing, as they do it.
Students apparently face many uncertainties when dealing with qualitative data analysis.
Students apparently find school in New Orleans less than riveting.
Students apparently react to symbols of authority.
Students appealing grades assume the burden of proof.
Students appear before a panel of judges and the top ten are selected.
Students appear interested in the subject matter and enjoy our courses.
Students appear keenly aware of network computing trends and show high interest in the offerings.
Students appear to be enrolling in heavier class loads for the spring semester, however.
Students appear to be enrolling in heavier class loads for the spring semester.
Students appear to be following our recommendation.
Students appear to be given adequate opportunity to learn about the assessment.
Students appear to be more successful and satisfied with the electronic learning experience.
Students appear to be somewhat complacent with the food at university dining halls.
Students appear to be thriving.
Students appear to enjoy the course - it is very popular.
Students appear to enjoy their workouts on the treadmills.
Students appear to find the lab to be an intensive learning experience.
Students appear to get out of the class what they put into it.
Students appear to have a fair amount of trouble posting material on our web sites from off campus .
Students appear to have more neutral and less polar views of the campus climate for minorities.
Students appear to have some understanding of the subject.
Students appear to like printed material almost regardless of the cost.
Students appear to use the web equally for study related and personal interests.
Students appearing in forthcoming degree examinations can also apply.
Students appears to have trouble getting started.
Students apply a specific change theory to a nursing practice problem.
Students apply a wide range of strategies to comprehend , interpret, evaluate and appreciate texts.
Students apply a wide range of strategies to comprehend , interpret, evaluate, and appreciate texts.
Students apply a wide range of strategies to comprehend, interpret, evaluate and appreciate texts.
Students apply a wide range of strategies to comprehend, interpret, evaluate, and appreciate texts.
Students apply a wide variety of software to instructional and administrative problems.
Students apply academic subjects through engaging activities in and out of the classroom.
Students apply accounting theory to special problems related to partnerships and corporations.
Students apply advanced grammar skills and precise vocabulary usage to essay writing.
Students apply algebraic techniques to rate problems, work problems, and percent mixture problems.
Students apply analytical skills in reading and writing assignments.
Students apply and are accepted by each department.
Students apply and are admitted to the evening master's program separate from the daytime program.
Students apply and are interviewed for countywide placements.
Students apply and are selected during the latter part of the spring semester.
Students apply and are selected on the basis of character, leadership, and professional pride.
Students apply and contract for human resource development positions.
Students apply and explain the method of mathematical induction to prove formulas and statements.
Students apply and integrate knowledge and skills learned in the pre-practicum courses.
Students apply and interview for positions that are available across campus.
Students apply and register in the same manner as face to face students do.
Students apply and reinforce what they have just learned.
Students apply and selection of the four recipients is made by the department faculty.
Students apply and synthesize knowledge of dance in relation to other content areas.
Students apply appropriate technology to manage information related to marketing.
Students apply as juniors.
Students apply at the beginning of the second semester of their sophomore year.
Students apply at the financial aid offices of the institutions.
Students apply basic chemical principles to relevant problems.
Students apply basic color theory to the computer platform.
Students apply basic factoring techniques to second and simple third degree polynomials.
Students apply basic geological principles to environmental problems.
Students apply basic geological principles to fairly complex geological problems.
Students apply basic geological principles to specific problems.
Students apply by directly contacting the department or professor in charge of the program.
Students apply by expressing their interest at the end of their junior year.
Students apply by submitting a brochure of design or written work for review.
Students apply classroom knowledge and home production skills with hands-on experience.
Students apply classroom knowledge during internships in museums around the country.
Students apply classroom knowledge to the world of work while gaining valuable experience.
Students apply classroom learning in a community setting.
Students apply classroom theory to real-world problems and situations.
Students apply classroom work and lectures into hands-on cooking situations.
Students apply complex thinking skills when reading, writing, speaking, listening and viewing.
Students apply complex thinking skills when reading, writing, speaking, listening, and viewing.
Students apply concepts and acquire skills with the assistance of technology.
Students apply concepts and complete a mini-project using anthropological research techniques.
Students apply concepts and knowledge from the classroom in a range of placement agencies.
Students apply concepts and skills in a variety of communication contexts.
Students apply concepts and skills through a variety of problem-solving experiences.
Students apply concepts by preparing a computerized practice case simulating an actual audit.
Students apply concepts in practical application projects using currently available software.
Students apply concepts learned in companion content course to actual problems of practice.
Students apply concepts to formulate and solve unstructured leadership problems.
Students apply concepts to work, volume, arc length, and other physical phenomena.
Students apply concepts using case studies.
Students apply concurrently to the undergraduate and graduate programs.
Students apply conventions of language for effective communication.
Students apply core content to a selected concentration of clinical scholarship.
Students apply core content to a selected research concentration.
Students apply correct technique and musical interpretation to performance.
Students apply course concepts and methodologies to specific research and policy questions.
Students apply course topics by exploring the market feasibility of a business idea.
Students apply critical and creative thinking skills to make decisions and solve workplace problems.
Students apply critical skills through the development of an extended project.
Students apply critical skills.
Students apply critical think skills.
Students apply critical thinking and see how scientific laws fit into the model.
Students apply critical thinking skills in solving genetics problems.
Students apply critical thinking skills in writing answers to essay questions on exams.
Students apply critical thinking skills in writing essays in various forms of argumentation.
Students apply critical thinking skills to their own value systems.
Students apply critical thinking through supervised application of theory and skills.
Students apply design and evaluation techniques through laboratory projects.
Students apply design concepts using a time based authoring program.
Students apply design principles in planning furnishings for the home.
Students apply design principles to the three-dimensional realm.
Students apply directly through their campus' program.
Students apply directly to an insurance company.
Students apply directly to campus or community employer.
Students apply directly to employer.
Students apply directly to foundation.
Students apply directly to home campus, Missouri.
Students apply directly to state-affifliated aftermarket associations.
Students apply directly to the agencies of their choice for the paid internships.
Students apply directly to the agency of choice.
Students apply directly to the departmental graduate secretary for admission.
Students apply directly to the departments by calling or by e-mailing the contact person listed.
Students apply directly to the departments for financial aid.
Students apply directly to the employer.
Students apply directly to the employing department and are paid from departmental funds.
Students apply directly to the funding source.
Students apply directly to the hiring organization.
Students apply directly to the individual sites.
Students apply directly to the institution that holds the grant.
Students apply directly to the member.
Students apply directly, or with a sponsor, for the fellowships below.
Students apply directly.
Students apply during the fall semester of their last year of undergraduate study.
Students apply during the first year in medical school.
Students apply during the junior year, by way of a campus nomination process.
Students apply during the second semester of their junior year to participate as seniors.
Students apply during the sophomore year of college.
Students apply during the spring of their senior year in high school.
Students apply during the spring of their sophomore year or fall semester of their junior year.
Students apply during the spring term of their second year.
Students apply during their first year of medical school.
Students apply during their junior year.
Students apply during their sophomore and junior years.
Students apply during their sophomore year and enter the program their junior year.
Students apply early.
Students apply economic theory and analysis to evaluate environmental problems.
Students apply either in their home states or the states where they attending college.
Students apply ethics-based leadership skills that develop individuals and teams.
Students apply evacuation skills learned in class.
Students apply facts from relevant Web sites to promote understanding and enrich learning.
Students apply field methods in a closely supervised, small-scale study.
Students apply finance concepts to problems and cases that reinforce understanding.
Students apply for a Chilean visa while they are in Ecuador.
Students apply for a job directly to the department.
Students apply for a liberal studies BA and upon completion, pursue a fifth year credential program.
Students apply for a particular area of study which matches their home school major.
Students apply for a program online and register for courses.
Students apply for acceptance into the four-credit course.
Students apply for admission after completing a prescribed set of prerequisite courses.
Students apply for admission and are accepted until the school is full.
Students apply for admission and are chosen by lottery.
Students apply for admission and are responsible for tuition.
Students apply for admission and parents pay tuition for their attendance.
Students apply for admission during the spring of their sophomore year.
Students apply for admission during the spring or summer of their sophomore year.
Students apply for admission in the junior year.
Students apply for admission in the spring of the sophomore year.
Students apply for admission to a major subject at the end of their second year.
Students apply for admission to a specific college and academic program.
Students apply for admission to both programs.
Students apply for admission to teacher education during the course.
Students apply for admission to the clinical component of the program early in their junior year.
Students apply for admission to the graduate school of one of the participating universities.
Students apply for admission to the magnet schools and are chosen by lottery.
Students apply for admission to the major in the fall semester of the sophomore year.
Students apply for admission to the major no later than the Spring of their sophomore year.
Students apply for admission to the program during the second semester of the sophomore year.
Students apply for admission to the program during the senior year.
Students apply for admission to the program during the spring semester.
Students apply for admission to the program of their choice and supply the necessary documentation.
Students apply for admission to the school based on interest.
Students apply for an internship during the fall semester in the third year of a four year program.
Students apply for and are accepted into specific courses.
Students apply for and are admitted to begin graduate work in a specific term.
Students apply for assistantships during the first or second semester of the first year.
Students apply for assistantships to their academic department.
Students apply for available scholarships and selections are made by a faculty committee.
Students apply for bank positions and run the bank two to four times each month.
Students apply for both types of loan on a single application.
Students apply for candidacy after completing a minimum of nine-eighteen semester hours.
Students apply for candidacy for the degree the semester in which they expect to graduate.
Students apply for consideration during the summer before their freshman year.
Students apply for consideration through their schools' guidance counselor.
Students apply for co-op in winter term of first year.
Students apply for degree candidacy after completing nine-eighteen semester hours.
Students apply for either the fall or the spring semester and take four of five courses offered.
Students apply for entry to polytechnics after general or vocational upper secondary education.
Students apply for financial aid at their HOST campus.
Students apply for financial aid through the college.
Students apply for financial aid via their home campus.
Students apply for forbearance in writing to the organization or school holding their loans.
Students apply for graduation when they are within a year of their graduation date.
Students apply for grants at college financial aid offices.
Students apply for grants.
Students apply for internships during their senior year.
Students apply for internships posted by employers.
Students apply for job openings, as they become available in the Cooperative Education Option.
Students apply for jobs and are hired with a specific job title.
Students apply for membership after admission.
Students apply for membership on the council at the beginning of the school term.
Students apply for membership.
Students apply for multiple scholarships and awards by completing one application form.
Students apply for ONE of the three tracks.
Students apply for participation on their home campus.
Students apply for positions according to the type of employment they have.
Students apply for positions as graduate assistants independent of admission into the program.
Students apply for positions on staff and meet for two trimesters as a class.
Students apply for positions ranging from room service to engineer.
Students apply for repayment of their federal loans after securing employment in a shortage area.
Students apply for residency certification prior to their seeking admission to a specific program.
Students apply for scholarships as part of the application process for the exchange.
Students apply for study rights and find out about possible minor subjects on their own initiative.
Students apply for support when they are in residence.
Students apply for SWAT team.
Students apply for teaching assistantships within their own field of study.
Students apply for tentative admission at the beginning of their junior year.
Students apply for the accelerated program during their junior year.
Students apply for the award and the selection is made by the faculty.
Students apply for the co-editor positions in the spring semester.
Students apply for the exchange after consulting with their academic adviser.
Students apply for the graduate program once they have completed the endorsement credits.
Students apply for the internship during spring semester of their junior year.
Students apply for the internships early in the fall semester for participation in the spring.
Students apply for the limited enrollment program the semester before they reach junior standing.
Students apply for the merit-based scholarships through their state education agencies.
Students apply for the physical therapy program in the fall of their junior year.
Students apply for the physician assistant program in their sophomore year.
Students apply for the positions and are selected by the employer and the institution.
Students apply for the positions as counselors.
Students apply for the program at the end of their first year.
Students apply for the program at the end of their sophomore year.
Students apply for the program during the second semester of the junior year.
Students apply for the program in the spring.
Students apply for the second year with specialization during their first year in residence.
Students apply for the senior hospital internship during the fall of their junior year.
Students apply for work permits at their school or district office.
Students apply forces.
Students apply formatting, composition, and office procedures skills.
Students apply foundation knowledge, skills, values, and ethics of professional generalist practice.
Students apply from throughout the state and the professional staff comes from around the nation.
Students apply funding and resource requirements to a community education program.
Students apply gerontological theory to field experiences.
Students apply good nutrition to oneself, one's family and the community.
Students apply graphic design concepts and produce desktop publishing projects.
Students apply health, well- ness, disease prevention to self.
Students apply hypothesis testing methods to test beliefs regarding a question of interest.
Students apply in competition.
Students apply in the fall of their junior year.
Students apply in the spring for the type of work they wish to do on the staff.
Students apply in the spring of their sophomore year to enter the professional journalism program.
Students apply in the spring of their sophomore year.
Students apply in the spring semester for entry in the fall semester.
Students apply in the spring semester of their first year of study.
Students apply in the spring with the support of their firm.
Students apply in the spring, and the program starts the following fall.
Students apply in the winter term of their first year.
Students apply in their ninth and tenth grade year.
Students apply in their second year.
Students apply in their sophomore year.
Students apply information to business communications.
Students apply information to manuscript, ear-training and a keyboard page.
Students apply intermediate algebraic operations to business problems.
Students apply knowledge acquired to successfully meet individual and organizational challenges.
Students apply knowledge and skill within and across content areas.
Students apply knowledge and skills in dental office internships.
Students apply knowledge and skills of bleaching on customers in patron laboratory.
Students apply knowledge and skills on customers in patron laboratory to complete competencies.
Students apply knowledge and skills on customers in the patron laboratory to complete competencies.
Students apply knowledge and skills within and across content areas.
Students apply knowledge based upon either an infant-toddler or preschool age emphasis.
Students apply knowledge in a repetitve format.
Students apply knowledge learned from course work and develop new skills.
Students apply knowledge of assessing and tutoring a child.
Students apply knowledge to design and build a database management program.
Students apply knowledge.
Students apply law to selected aspects of education and commercial and professional sports.
Students apply learned reading skills to culturally diverse readings.
Students apply learning by writing and engaging in a personalized fitness program.
Students apply learning to cases and by preparing marketing plans.
Students apply legal and ethical considerations in their use of technology.
Students apply legal principles to real-life situations in the general civil clinic.
Students apply lessons learned to a product introduction project.
Students apply linkage concepts to specific problems.
Students apply linkage design skills to specified problems.
Students apply locally by early summer before their senior year or during graduate school.
Students apply logical methods to the design of programs.
Students apply logical thinking strategies and begin to evaluate results of research data.
Students apply machine tools and fabrication processes to optimize the manufacture of a product.
Students apply management and production skills learned in other courses.
Students apply management principles and theory from a Christian perspective.
Students apply mathematical and scientific methods to the development and testing of software.
Students apply mathematical modeling as they work with technological systems.
Students apply mental-health practice theory and approaches to field experiences.
Students apply methods in computer simulated herds.
Students apply methods to examples of public discourse to analyze and evaluate messages.
Students apply methods to field-based cases.
Students apply methods to their own research.
Students apply multiple contexts in life with interdisciplinary considerations to solve problems.
Students apply needs assessment models in selected settings.
Students apply newly learned skills through writing, re- writing and broadcast.
Students apply now, during their junior year, to participate during their senior year.
Students apply nutrition concepts to their own diets.
Students apply on their own initiative.
Students apply on their own.
Students apply papier-mache'.
Students apply peer editing technics to their web page designs.
Students apply personal experience to reading.
Students apply planning and control techniques to achieve various objectives.
Students apply previously learned design and typography skills to graphic design problems.
Students apply principled moral reasoning and Christian values to real-life dilemmas.
Students apply principles and develop skills by using test instruments and training devices.
Students apply principles and techniques in simulated and actual projects.
Students apply principles in a variety of transactions.
Students apply principles learnt to develop a storyboard and plan their project.
Students apply principles of advanced leadership by planning and conducting laboratory training.
Students apply principles of com- munication, medical terminology, medical asepsis and pharmacology.
Students apply principles of management to security administration.
Students apply principles of medical nutrition therapy to various disease states.
Students apply principles of poultry nutrition to avian species.
Students apply prior material from the business curriculum to contemporary marketing problems.
Students apply procedures and practice skills on mannequins.
Students apply programming concepts as well as use existing software.
Students apply programming concepts, as well as use existing software.
Students apply programming knowledge previously acquired.
Students apply project management software to case studies.
Students apply quality improvement techniques.
Students apply regression analysis and estimation to problems of forecasting and optimization.
Students apply relevant techniques to their own data.
Students apply research concepts, theories, and skills in developing the clinical specialist role.
Students apply research methods, such as participant-observation and interviewing, in field studies.
Students apply restoration theory, methods and technologies in a variety of environments.
Students apply right triangle models to construction, astronomy, and other areas.
Students apply scientific principals and social issues.
Students apply scientific principles to case studies.
Students apply scientific principles to personal and social issues.
Students apply selected methods to the analysis of a human performance environment.
Students apply separately to each program and school.
Students apply separately to law school.
Students apply skills and information acquired in previous math courses.
Students apply skills in a commercial work environment.
Students apply skills learned to a representative project.
Students apply skills learned to manage a recycling program.
Students apply skills they have learned in foundations courses and methods courses.
Students apply skills to mainstage productions.
Students apply skills.
Students apply software to project cases and construct scheduling charts and reports.
Students apply solo composition methods to a variety of rhythms and styles.
Students apply spelling words in everyday writing.
Students apply statistical analysis to determine the quality of a service.
Students apply statistical concepts and the use of spreadsheet computer software.
Students apply steps of the research process for knowledge and career development.
Students apply strategic analysis techniques to business policy and organizational development.
Students apply strategies learned to the material in their degree program courses.
Students apply strategies of iconographic and media analysis to visual materials.
Students apply suitable methods to solve, implement, and test given tasks.
Students apply technical skills to address business applications of emerging technologies.
Students apply techniques of injury prevention and management, perhaps with a team assignment.
Students apply techniques that promote active reading, clear thinking, and careful reasoning.
Students apply techniques to analyze documents about slavery in the United States.
Students apply techniques to construction and analysis of models in their own field.
Students apply techniques.
Students apply technology to instruction and study software selection and evaluation.
Students apply texts to contemporary life and create own poetry and proverbs for today's living.
Students apply the concept of symmetry when graphing quadratic functions.
Students apply the concepts learned in class to real-life situations.
Students apply the concepts of chance and probability to solve problems involving uncertainty.
Students apply the course material to ergonomic assessments performed in industrial environments.
Students apply the design process to the development of package and simple architectural designs.
Students apply the elements of theory through reading, analyzing, and discussing selected works.
Students apply the findings of meaningful research by learning how to produce it themselves.
Students apply the food and activity guidelines to real-life situations.
Students apply the fundamentals of blueprint interpretations.
Students apply the generalization to problems concerning wind and heating with convection.
Students apply the information and skills gained during cornerstone course work.
Students apply the information they have learned by creating a product or preparing a presentation.
Students apply the instructional development process by developing a small instructional unit.
Students apply the knowledge learned in the classroom to the actual practice of a health occupation.
Students apply the laws and theories of physics by performing experiments on our rides.
Students apply the listening strategies appropriate for fourth grade.
Students apply the listening strategies appropriate for sixth grade.
Students apply the listening strategies appropriate for the third grade.
Students apply the listening strategies appropriately for first grade.
Students apply the material through two small case-based questions about female birth control.
Students apply the material to case studies throughout the semester.
Students apply the methods by writing critiques of contemporary oral and written discourse.
Students apply the new learning and thinking skills directly to material in their other courses.
Students apply the nursing process for personal and professional situations.
Students apply the nursing process in primary, secondary and tertiary levels of prevention.
Students apply the nursing process with a focus on client education.
Students apply the principles and techniques from the previous terms to their personal vision.
Students apply the principles of psychosocial rehabilitation and family counseling.
Students apply the principles of rational choice to decision cases.
Students apply the problem solving model to the problem of planning and conducting a school picnic.
Students apply the processes on their own, utilizing teacher-developed scaffolds.
Students apply the public speaking skills aquired through out the camp.
Students apply the reading comprehension process to textbooks and journal articles.
Students apply the results to one of four scenarios.
Students apply the scientific method to explore laboratory exercises.
Students apply the skills they learn first on mannequins and then progress to clients.
Students apply the technical knowledge to design an applicable school office management system.
Students apply the techniques in analysis and design projects.
Students apply the theme to their own lives.
Students apply the theme to their personal lives.
Students apply the theories and techniques of leadership to problems, cases, and current issues.
Students apply the theory of printed circuit design and commonly accepted industrial procedures.
Students apply the theory to real data through canned and coded programs.
Students apply the theory to the development of an actual database application.
Students apply their academic skills by working at a variety of jobs created within the school.
Students apply their academic training to practical, paid and non-paid work experiences.
Students apply their effectiveness knowledge in group and community activities.
Students apply their findings to classroom instructional practice.
Students apply their graphic design skills working with actual community clients.
Students apply their instruction in a lab setting.
Students apply their instruction in lab setting.
Students apply their keyboarding skills in personal and business applications.
Students apply their keyboarding skills to the production of letters, memos, tables, and reports.
Students apply their knowledge across disciplines.
Students apply their knowledge by assessing and tutoring a child.
Students apply their knowledge from the module to design their own paintbrushes.
Students apply their knowledge of fractions at a concrete and pictorial level.
Students apply their knowledge of industrial engineering to actual industrial problems.
Students apply their knowledge of percents, decimals, and ratios to determine profit or loss.
Students apply their knowledge of photography by completing a wide variety of weekly assignments.
Students apply their knowledge of the environment's role in an actual work setting.
Students apply their knowledge of volcanic eruptions to predict consequences of future eruptions.
Students apply their knowledge to the real world.
Students apply their learning immediately and directly within their workplaces.
Students apply their learning through the operation of a student store on the high school campus.
Students apply their learning to a select vulnerable population and a field of practice.
Students apply their minds to the faith to understand what they believe and why they believe it.
Students apply their molecular biology sleuthing skills in the lab to solve the problem.
Students apply their new skills at their school site following the two-day workshop.
Students apply their newly acquired skills and understanding to real data.
Students apply their personal observations to the problem at hand.
Students apply their research skills, develop a business and buying plan with a project in mind.
Students apply their skills and knowledge as related to that theme.
Students apply their skills at off-campus work sites.
Students apply their skills to the production of a personal web site accessible on the Web.
Students apply their skills, theories, and knowledge acquired through their academic endeavors.
Students apply their studies to daily life.
Students apply their summer training in problem-solving, communication, and other leadership skills.
Students apply their work in the program to real-life work sites.
Students apply themselves in new ways to their studies, both on the job and in workplaces.
Students apply theoretical concepts and develop basic counseling skills through role-play workshops.
Students apply theoretical concepts and develop basic counseling skills.
Students apply theoretical concepts and research-based knowledge in a variety of practice settings.
Students apply theoretical concepts to the workplace and reassess ideas.
Students apply theoretical ideas by developing a syllabus for a language teaching context.
Students apply theoretical knowledge to real world problems and concerns.
Students apply theoretical knowledge with hands-on experiments.
Students apply theoretical learning into practical application.
Students apply theories and principles of classroom learning in health care facility.
Students apply theories and research to their chosen subspecialization in adult health nursing.
Students apply theories to actual management problems through realistic business case studies.
Students apply theories to actual management problems through realistic case studies.
Students apply theories to autobiographical data.
Students apply theories.
Students apply theory in both inpatient and community agencies.
Students apply think skills.
Students apply thinking skills to reading, writing, speaking, listening and viewing.
Students apply thinking skills to their reading, writing, speaking, listening and viewing.
Students apply thinking skills to their reading, writing, speaking, listening, and viewing.
Students apply through commercial lenders.
Students apply through the department in which they plan to major.
Students apply through their major departments.
Students apply to a Ph.D. program for study in a specific specialty area.
Students apply to a program one to two semesters before completing their required courses.
Students apply to and enter a particular school or program within the university.
Students apply to and register as a graduate student in one of the participating home departments.
Students apply to any of the three universities and enroll in courses through that university.
Students apply to be candidates for honors during the spring semester of junior year.
Students apply to be in the program.
Students apply to both undergraduate and graduate or professional programs at the same time.
Students apply to desired programs and then rank their application sites in order of preference.
Students apply to employers with whom they are interested in working.
Students apply to enroll at the magnet schools.
Students apply to graduate programs of their choice.
Students apply to hospital programs, which in turn select students they wish to interview.
Students apply to more schools than in the past, especially now that they can apply on the web.
Students apply to one of the three master' s programs during their junior year.
Students apply to our program in several ways.
Students apply to some universities without any real interest in that particular university.
Students apply to study in one of three streams.
Students apply to the academy after completing a year in health occupations classes.
Students apply to the center and are accepted based on their educational and life needs.
Students apply to the department where they are enrolled or plan to apply for admission.
Students apply to the five-year program in their junior year.
Students apply to the individual programs in the sophomore year.
Students apply to the internship program during the spring of sophomore year.
Students apply to the nursing program after completing one year of prenursing.
Students apply to the program after their first semester of coursework is completed.
Students apply to the program and rank their top three options.
Students apply to the program as high school seniors.
Students apply to the program during spring of sophomore year.
Students apply to the program each semester.
Students apply to the program early in the spring term.
Students apply to the program of their choice and supply the necessary documentation.
Students apply to the program.
Students apply to the programming committee in the spring semester of each year.
Students apply to the track with a portfolio.
Students apply to the university as non-degree seeking graduate students.
Students apply to the university of their choice and enroll in courses at their local institution.
Students apply to their local government office.
Students apply to various internships of their choice, with the help of the program coordinator.
Students apply to work on projects posted by interested professors.
Students apply to work with a studio mentor and exhibit work in a final show.
Students apply tools and techniques in case studies.
Students apply training in actual scenes from theatre literature.
Students apply transfer and gait training techniques to specific patient populations.
Students apply various research methods used in business to gather and analyze marketing data.
Students apply various techniques.
Students apply vector calculus in solving problems in physics.
Students apply visual perception principles to materials design.
Students apply welding and cutting skills to their fabrication of metal objects.
Students apply what is learned in the classroom to real life situations.
Students apply what is learned in the classroom to real-life situations in the business sector.
Students apply what they have learned and dissect two political advertisements.
Students apply what they have learned as they assemble their own, simple geodesic structure.
Students apply what they have learned in the preceding lessons on writing with a persuasive aim.
Students apply what they have learned in their classrooms to the actual production of a publication.
Students apply what they have learned in their classrooms to the actual production.
Students apply what they have learned through the creation of works of art.
Students apply what they have learned to new and real-life situations.
Students apply what they learn about principles of space flight to construct and fly a model rocket.
Students apply what they learn by working through problems with pencil and paper.
Students apply what they learn directly to their professions.
Students apply what they learn in a variety of careers.
Students apply what they learn to their design projects throughout their education.
Students apply what they learn.
Students apply what they understand about the concept.
Students apply with an essay or application are chosen by a scholarship committee.
Students apply, enroll, and receive degrees from one institution.
Students apply, explain attributes, and compute with real numbers expressed in a variety of forms.
Students apply, with admission determined by lottery or exams.
Students applying by that date have the best chance at all available financial aid.
Students applying come from widely different cultural backgrounds.
Students applying early are more likely to receive an award.
Students applying for admission compete only against others in their own ethnic or racial group.
Students applying for admission to the undergraduate program have to take an entrance examination.
Students applying for formal admission into teacher education can receive one of three responses.
Students applying for readmission are subject to current admission criteria.
Students applying for summer and fall semesters can use one application for both semesters.
Students applying from the USA have additional admissions requirements.
Students applying in good time usually receive their first choice.
Students applying to either master's or doctoral programs are eligible.
Students applying to the Bachelor of Arts degree are eligible for the four-year program only.
Students applying to the Bachelor of Arts program are eligible for the four-year degree only.
Students appraise behavior in relation to function and dysfunction of the nervous system.
Students appreciate a good lecture.
Students appreciate a straightforward, helpful attitude.
Students appreciate algorithms because they are easily applied.
Students appreciate American democratic ideals and our constitutional herigage.
Students appreciate an emphasis on rewards rather than punishment.
Students appreciate any variation in the format, mode of presentation, or groupings.
Students appreciate as much word from home as they can get.
Students appreciate being asked and the number of technophobes can be ascertained.
Students appreciate class discussions that are well organized and divided into logical fora.
Students appreciate creativity and values of the arts and the humanities.
Students appreciate diversity as a source of organizational effectiveness.
Students appreciate fiction of western and other cultures.
Students appreciate group quizzes and testing.
Students appreciate having a resource for their distance course other than the instructor.
Students appreciate having the group test prior to the individual test.
Students appreciate having their voices be heard.
Students appreciate how easy the program is to use.
Students appreciate it.
Students appreciate knowing that an instructor has carefully considered what they have said.
Students appreciate knowing where messages originate.
Students appreciate learning from their international placements and British co-workers.
Students appreciate logical, well-orgenized programs which offer expert knowledge.
Students appreciate of faculty interest to improve teaching and learning.
Students appreciate our lower tuition cost and small classes.
Students appreciate our study space which is comfortable and welcoming.
Students appreciate real representatives of their community used as role models.
Students appreciate sessions that are organized and have a sense of purpose.
Students appreciate structure.
Students appreciate such frankness.
Students appreciate that kind of simple information.
Students appreciate that more than getting an extra book to read at the end of the semester.
Students appreciate that opportunity.
Students appreciate that.
Students appreciate the above approach because they are given a chance to make up for deficiencies.
Students appreciate the availability of teachers as mentors and friends in a smaller class setting.
Students appreciate the campus' close proximity to hotels, restaurants and shopping.
Students appreciate the complexities that go into designing a new material.
Students appreciate the concerns and conditions in schooling at the other level.
Students appreciate the convenience of having instant acces to exercises at any time.
Students appreciate the convenience.
Students appreciate the cultural exchange as well.
Students appreciate the diversity of the patient population and their medical conditions.
Students appreciate the expansion of assistance toward successful resume writing.
Students appreciate the fact that they can concentrate on their own weak areas.
Students appreciate the feedback and learn how to edit their own papers.
Students appreciate the great skill of good welders after their attempts at welding.
Students appreciate the greater variety.
Students appreciate the human touch.
Students appreciate the identity consequences of group constructions.
Students appreciate the intimacy of the setting, which is more like a home than an institution.
Students appreciate the message of our nearness.
Students appreciate the mix and learn to view things through a remarkably broader perspective.
Students appreciate the notions of accuracy and precision.
Students appreciate the opportunity to conduct research without having to leave campus to do so.
Students appreciate the opportunity to engage in well-planned class discussion and class activities.
Students appreciate the opportunity to interact with senior faculty.
Students appreciate the pervasive use and power of reasoning as a part of mathematics.
Students appreciate the practical, real-world experience that professors share with their students.
Students appreciate the quality of the library and the assistance they receive from the librarians.
Students appreciate the savings and convenience of having everything online.
Students appreciate the support demonstrated by mentors' attendance at their presentations.
Students appreciate the wide range of assistance they are given to promote learning.
Students appreciate their teachers and each other.
Students appreciate when instructors make an effort to be sensitive to their ethnicity.
Students appreciate written comments by the instructor and their peers on work in progress.
Students apprentice with a professional filmmaker in their area of specialization.
Students approach all branches of math through a problem solving approach.
Students approach assignments with less angst.
Students approach college as a transfer for a variety of reasons.
Students approach it in many ways.
Students approach learning by being actively immersed in an experience of their choosing.
Students approach learning tasks differently.
Students approach learning with different questions.
Students approach learning with self-direction guided by their teachers curriculum choices.
Students approach learning with self-direction guided by their teachers' curriculum choices.
Students approach lessons.
Students approach the harpsichord eagerly, but their curiosity is often tempered with caution.
Students approach the main entrance and are led directly into the interior street.
Students approach the same topics from many different angles.
Students approach the topic cold , similar to an assessment prompt.
Students approach their work as if they are historians, scientists, authors, or mathematicians.
Students appropriately determine if the activity is aerobic or anaerobic.
Students are . . .
Students are .
Students are a big market.
Students are a big part of that.
Students are a bit insulated from the real world.
Students are a bit more sweaty now and they are enjoying it.
Students are a captive audience Most parents support sexuality education in school.
Students are a captive audience, and the university knows it.
Students are a close-knit group and continually collaborate with the faculty.
Students are a combination of alumni and non-alumni from Wisconsin and across the nation.
Students are a given a seven week long span of time to get sponsors and to read as much as they can.
Students are a good source of data for many things besides their satisfaction with lectures.
Students are a good source of information.
Students are a great help for computer expertise, artistic design, and enthusiasm.
Students are a great source of stress.
Students are a group of young, spirited individuals.
Students are a lot happier and a lot more energetic.
Students are a lot more willing to recycle when monetary benefits are involved.
Students are a major and critical constituency.
Students are a mix of men and women, including university students and professionals.
Students are a number of techniques and approaches including casting, modeling and welding.
Students are a part of the learning community as well.
Students are a part of the learning community.
Students are a part of the West Valley community and receive articulated WVC units.
Students are a people living, dreaming, brilliant, with fragile skin.
Students are a positive and creative element in the human community of today.
Students are a priority.
Students are a reflection of their teachers.
Students are a short drive away from fantastic hiking, skiing, and wine country.
Students are a spark of enthusiasm and activity.
Students are a valuable component of the department.
Students are a valuable resource in maintaining the appearance and cleanliness of our school.
Students are a very important component of the society.
Students are able on their own to initiate topics of interest.
Students are able to access course materials anytime, from anywhere in the world.
Students are able to access electronic reserves through a proxy server.
Students are able to access information from around the world.
Students are able to access information using the library computer terminals.
Students are able to access language tests results online.
Students are able to access materials relevant to their classes at any time and from any location.
Students are able to access networks from classrooms, computer labs, and the media center.
Students are able to access scanned slides of works of art to study.
Students are able to access self-paced tutorials and classroom and laboratory exercises.
Students are able to access services and resources both on and off campus.
Students are able to access their mid-term and final grades online.
Students are able to accompany physicians on domiciliary visits in rural areas around the city.
Students are able to accumulate units of study to achieve nationally recognised qualifications.
Students are able to add numbers.
Students are able to add, subtract, multiply, and divide rational expressions and functions.
Students are able to advance their sewing through construction of two or more garments.
Students are able to -am more extensive training and specialization in a specific area of business.
Students are able to analyze a novel.
Students are able to analyze and design unreinforced masonry structures using engineering methods.
Students are able to analyze management's performance and the firm's capital structure.
Students are able to apply for a maximum of eight tickets on one fee card.
Students are able to apply for registration as a psychologist at the completion of the program.
Students are able to apply their classroom knowledge to practical situations.
Students are able to apply their computer skills to solving business problems.
Students are able to apply their multicultural learning while on campus and in their future lives.
Students are able to apply theories and skills learned in the classroom to real work situations.
Students are able to appreciate the outdoors on a deeper, more personal level.
Students are able to approach their class representatives if they want a matter raised.
Students are able to arrange class hours to fit their particular schedules.
Students are able to arrange their work schedules around classes.
Students are able to arrange their work schedules around their classes.
Students are able to ask questions and gather information via the Internet.
Students are able to ask questions and interact with a speaker.
Students are able to ask questions and receive feedback instantaneously.
Students are able to assemble, however, to lay out voice to the legislature.
Students are able to assess if someone communicates clearly.
Students are able to attain knowledge about things outside their fields of study.
Students are able to attend class at their own convenience.
Students are able to attend school depending upon their schedules.
Students are able to attend services both on campus and in the local community.
Students are able to attend the classes while still holding down their nursing jobs.
Students are able to attend the conference for a greatly reduced rate to encourage their attendance.
Students are able to attend the coven's full moons and most sabbats.
Students are able to audition for several festivals and bands.
Students are able to be admitted at the beginning of any quarter.
Students are able to be involved in so many activities.
Students are able to bid on various items donated by local merchants.
Students are able to blend various aspects of their academic learning into personal action.
Students are able to block out courses to check for overlaps and conflicts.
Students are able to bring a bottle of water to have on their desk to drink during the day.
Students are able to bring their phone sets in for immediate testing and repair.
Students are able to build a program tailored to their individual needs and ministry goals.
Students are able to build a variety of cabinets in class.
Students are able to build advocacy skills beginning in their first year.
Students are able to build their design skills by getting valuable hands-on learning experience.
Students are able to buy parking decals, books and supplies.
Students are able to catch up on their e-mail, surf the net, or chat with friends.
Students are able to change one phoneme to another to make a new word.
Students are able to change the semiconductor material among a few different selections.
Students are able to check out new books daily.
Students are able to check out selected book each month.
Students are able to check-out a select group of video tapes.
Students are able to choose among various assignments which show competency in a specific field.
Students are able to choose any fourteen meals during the week.
Students are able to choose any style or medium for their performances.
Students are able to choose between interscholastic athletics or intramural programs.
Students are able to choose characteristics of polymers and sort examples accordingly.
Students are able to choose courses to meet their individual needs.
Students are able to choose from a variety of different concentrations, based on a core program.
Students are able to choose from a variety of health or science topics.
Students are able to choose from courses outside their major.
Students are able to choose from dozens of different settings.
Students are able to choose from several.
Students are able to choose how long they wish to stay in the country of their choice.
Students are able to choose one or two of the following options.
Students are able to choose their elective courses from a broad selection of classes.
Students are able to choose their majors much more intelligently.
Students are able to choose their own level of involvement.
Students are able to chose from a variety of specialist pathways .
Students are able to combine a chemistry major with prelaw, business, or teaching programs.
Students are able to communicate effectively.
Students are able to communicate with other children from across the world.
Students are able to communicate with others electronically.
Students are able to compare programs and courses, methods of instruction and delivery and costs.
Students are able to compare their results with sites nearby or across the state.
Students are able to compare their work with that of another class of similar aged students.
Students are able to compete in workshops for oral interpretation at some of the local colleges.
Students are able to compile reels of filmed scenes to use for future casting purposes.
Students are able to complete a full semester of course work during the summer months.
Students are able to complete all requirements online without the interaction of an instructor.
Students are able to complete seven modules in a given trimester.
Students are able to complete the activity successfully.
Students are able to complete the program in four consecutive semesters.
Students are able to complete their degrees by enrolling in evening or weekend courses.
Students are able to complete their thoughts without interruption.
Students are able to compute or memorize formulas.
Students are able to conduct research accurately.
Students are able to confer with only their own group.
Students are able to confirm or improve their own writing techniques and approaches.
Students are able to connect their own computers from off-campus via modem.
Students are able to connect with caring adults and be part of a peer group.
Students are able to connect, compare, and contrast ideas.
Students are able to construct a correctly labeled graph and interpret trends from graphs of data.
Students are able to construct individualized programs that emphasize areas of interest.
Students are able to consult with academic peer tutors online.
Students are able to continue their work in ceramics and paintings through special advanced courses.
Students are able to continue with other commitments such as family, work, study.
Students are able to contribute to the collection, analysis and dissemination of knowledge.
Students are able to contribute to the school through a required work program.
Students are able to convey their general feelings, attitudes and perspectives on the lesson.
Students are able to correct each other and discuss answers to questions.
Students are able to craft their programs to concentrate on their areas of specific interest.
Students are able to create a major that integrates their specific interests.
Students are able to create and modify concept maps , webs, and other graphical organizers.
Students are able to create their own learning.
Students are able to create their own works onscreen and can print publish-ready manuscripts.
Students are able to criticize arts both orally and in written form.
Students are able to defer one half of their balance three weeks into the session.
Students are able to define and differentiate between mental health and mental illness.
Students are able to define prejudice, bias, and discrimination.
Students are able to define the term diversity.
Students are able to demonstrate anger management.
Students are able to demonstrate problem solving skills.
Students are able to derive linear equations by using the point-slope formula.
Students are able to derive linear equations using the point-slope formula.
Students are able to describe how interrelationships enable some organisms to survive.
Students are able to describe migratory hazards and factors that shorebirds face.
Students are able to describe structures and processes involved in plant reproduction.
Students are able to determine wages, benefits, and training opotunities in todays hot market.
Students are able to develop stronger character identification through art and dramatization.
Students are able to develop their technical skills in a supervised situation.
Students are able to dial in to determine if a laundry machine is available.
Students are able to differentiate between a globe and world map.
Students are able to dine in or take out.
Students are able to direct their learning to their individual needs and interest areas.
Students are able to discover the power of their creativity at their finger tips.
Students are able to discuss methods used to detect and analyze different waves.
Students are able to discuss some of the main currents of modern solar research.
Students are able to discuss where each lives and some of their characteristics.
Students are able to do research from their home computers.
Students are able to do word studies with an exhaustive concordance.
Students are able to download all readings, assignments, and presentations prior to class each week.
Students are able to download and listen to lectures at their convenience.
Students are able to download class materials from the site.
Students are able to download images or request new observations.
Students are able to download presentations, resources, and even evaluate the course.
Students are able to draw, measure, and experiment with a variety of geometric figures.
Students are able to earn an associate degree and even a bachelor degree through home study.
Students are able to earn college credit while still in high school.
Students are able to earn eight carnegie units per school calendar.
Students are able to earn high school and college credit at the same time.
Students are able to earn one-half credit for each semester they attend.
Students are able to earn up to half of their points back per assignment to improve a grade.
Students are able to earn up to six hours of academic credit for such internship experience.
Students are able to easily communicate with faculty members.
Students are able to easily use the computer to monitor and control things in the physical world.
Students are able to eat healthy, nourishing meals and to sample French cuisine.
Students are able to eat multiple servings if they choose.
Students are able to email other students online to make friends and discuss schoolwork.
Students are able to engage in critical reflection.
Students are able to enjoy the lighter side of the college life.
Students are able to enjoy visitors.
Students are able to enrol for three semesters in a calendar year.
Students are able to enter the data, calculate an estimate, and SAVE their records for future use.
Students are able to evaluate consumer information, rights, and responsibilities.
Students are able to examine and identify insects by a catch and release system using jars and nets.
Students are able to examine assumptions and differing points of view.
Students are able to examine ideas and arguments clearly, precisely, logically.
Students are able to exercise choice across a wide range of disciplines.
Students are able to exercise critical thinking skills essential in all clinical settings.
Students are able to expand on their main area of interest.
Students are able to experience all aspects of record making within an educational setting.
Students are able to experience how scientists study planets that are millions of miles away.
Students are able to experience intellectual growth here.
Students are able to experience the course during their physical education class.
Students are able to experience the practical applications of their academic work.
Students are able to experience the reality of business in an exciting and safe environment.
Students are able to experience vicariously the process of historical archaeology.
Students are able to experiment with many traditional and contemporary materials.
Students are able to explain how elements and compounds cycle between living and non-living systems.
Students are able to explain orally or in writing why they designed the clothes the way they did.
Students are able to explain the interrelationship of populations, resources, and environments.
Students are able to explain why they are using dissection because they have been told.
Students are able to explore a professional interest while acquiring a liberal arts education.
Students are able to explore a variety of image transfer processes.
Students are able to explore areas of interest in a tutorial or research course in the junior year.
Students are able to explore majors and career interests based on their immediate and future goals.
Students are able to explore neighboring provinces of Italy on their own during free weekends.
Students are able to explore nontraditional careers using the Internet.
Students are able to explore their character physically, through movement, as well as vocally.
Students are able to explore their personal strengths in different media.
Students are able to explore, investigate, and analyze their local environment with increasing ease.
Students are able to express themselves in a variety of ways.
Students are able to film the reproductive cycles of various life forms.
Students are able to find and correct different kinds of errors at about the same rate.
Students are able to find employment at garden centers and florist or landscape companies.
Students are able to find more complete information regarding subjects for term papers.
Students are able to finish three courses each trimester.
Students are able to focus their educational experience around their personal goals.
Students are able to follow the development of a stated idea as they read the supporting paragraphs.
Students are able to follow trails all the way around the designated area.
Students are able to follow-up with assigned mentors who are college employees.
Students are able to form a better idea of what appliances are needed to run a home.
Students are able to function appropriately in a group.
Students are able to function in a variety of every day survival situations.
Students are able to gain a first hand experience at the koala, kangaroo and snake presentations.
Students are able to gain access to educational materials despite their geographical location.
Students are able to gain an insight into the demands of university study.
Students are able to gain information about colleges from guest speakers and college vistitations.
Students are able to gain more practical experience through extra-curricular activities and jobs.
Students are able to gain real life experience through community-based work.
Students are able to gather information from as many colleges as they choose.
Students are able to generate sentences with linking.
Students are able to generate, rotate, and transform three-dimensional figures.
Students are able to get away with such behavior because there are often no consequences.
Students are able to get detailed research, online tutoring and standardized testing assistance.
Students are able to get technological support when needed.
Students are able to get to the very source.
Students are able to go out and use resources from around the county.
Students are able to go outdoors and apply what they have learned in the classroom.
Students are able to go to the desktop while saving to choose either a diskette or server.
Students are able to grab information from the class discussion and use it on the test.
Students are able to grow and develop new interests and friendships.
Students are able to have hands on experience using different types of musical instruments.
Students are able to hear as little or as much of the text read at any given time.
Students are able to identify and execute notation short cuts.
Students are able to identify and play articulation styles.
Students are able to identify and play in specific meters.
Students are able to identify and play rhythms.
Students are able to identify characteristics of various literary forms.
Students are able to identify dynamics markings and concepts.
Students are able to identify environmental factors affecting shorebird populations.
Students are able to identify feasible processes and requirements based on design specifications.
Students are able to identify individual compositions by sound.
Students are able to identify symbols.
Students are able to identify tempo and tempo change markings.
Students are able to immediately apply what they learn in the classroom to professional situations.
Students are able to implement their designs.
Students are able to improve communication skills.
Students are able to improve interpersonal relationships.
Students are able to increase their skills by working on building and maintenance projects.
Students are able to input data into the software and get a response.
Students are able to inspect a homestay and request an alternative.
Students are able to integrate classroom learning with on-the job experience.
Students are able to interact with other students and with the faculty member.
Students are able to interact with the teacher by means of a keypad.
Students are able to join at a special low rate.
Students are able to join mailing lists that connect members with a common interest.
Students are able to just take one of the above mentioned classes or take the full semester.
Students are able to keep abreast of current issues facing the college and the student body.
Students are able to keep fit and have fun with the facilities inside.
Students are able to keep their jobs and maintain family and cultural ties while pursuing degrees.
Students are able to know the world through different stimuli.
Students are able to learn about history, fashion, and preservation of the items.
Students are able to learn about new schools from around the nation.
Students are able to learn about the responsibility.
Students are able to learn at their own pace.
Students are able to learn basic hand drumming techniques as well as traditional rhythms.
Students are able to learn first hand about Spanish colonialism, Mayan history and current day life.
Students are able to learn how to develop web pages and use a digital camera and scanner.
Students are able to learn in depth about one specific tribe.
Students are able to learn keyboarding skills at a very young age.
Students are able to learn safety on bikes while participating in a healthy, life-time activity.
Students are able to learn the same range of instruments as listed for the scholarship students.
Students are able to learn through hands-on activities.
Students are able to learn woodwind fingerings.
Students are able to listen to and control language recordings from any phone.
Students are able to live in four-bedroom apartments with all of the comfort of a home.
Students are able to look at themselves and see a science person.
Students are able to maintain high grades in most or all courses taken.
Students are able to major in Neuroscience.
Students are able to make a short-term commitment that has an immediate impact.
Students are able to make changes to their schedule using their password.
Students are able to make friends in their new community that can last a lifetime.
Students are able to make practical applications to the real world.
Students are able to make purchases using points earned in the classroom.
Students are able to make specific connections between their academic work and practical experience.
Students are able to make their own choices from the modules offered within the subject.
Students are able to measure a very small change by the use of amplification.
Students are able to meet and mingle with new friends and colleagues from firms across the country.
Students are able to meet and network with managers in many different fields.
Students are able to meet and work with experienced practitioners in a professional environment.
Students are able to meet attorneys and visit the institutions shaping our legal process.
Students are able to meet both general education and major requirements.
Students are able to meet the gardeners and see some amazing landscapes up close.
Students are able to meet their educational needs more easily .
Students are able to meet with professors, gather information, and even declare majors and minors.
Students are able to minister in special situations and ways that are very unique.
Students are able to mix and match their own interpretations and combine it with their peers'.
Students are able to mix business and pleasure.
Students are able to monitor their own progress by noting their performance in the exercises.
Students are able to move freely between components of the program at anytime.
Students are able to move from class to class with no worries about exposure to the weather.
Students are able to observe and record growth of plants in different soils.
Students are able to observe and study earth surface processes first-hand.
Students are able to obtain faster proficiency with the least amount of personal resources and time.
Students are able to obtain feedback on their work without regard to time or space.
Students are able to organise their programme of study according to work convenience.
Students are able to pace themselves when technology is used.
Students are able to park on the streets without a permit.
Students are able to participate at job sites on and off campus.
Students are able to participate in and gain enjoyment from a recreational activity.
Students are able to participate in class activities and to communicate in English.
Students are able to participate in extracurricular activities only after the fee is paid.
Students are able to participate in highly interactive discussion with the featured speaker.
Students are able to participate in internships fall, spring and summer.
Students are able to participate in internships fall, spring, and summer.
Students are able to participate in many hands-on activities.
Students are able to participate in several mooting programmes.
Students are able to pay on a monthly plan for their housing.
Students are able to personalize their programs through electives and two practicum experiences.
Students are able to personally explore any surgical field of interest.
Students are able to place important information into the correct sequence.
Students are able to place requests for opportunities as well as list their resumes on-line.
Students are able to play a more active and critical role in their academic studies.
Students are able to play it and walk around through the pipes listening to the awesome sounds.
Students are able to plot the two sets of data and make one observation about global warming.
Students are able to plug into a number of groups that meet their individual interests and needs.
Students are able to post comments, references etc., about the cases here.
Students are able to post stories for comment or browse through and critique other students' work.
Students are able to post up to four different resumes in our web resume book.
Students are able to practice and apply what they learn.
Students are able to practice basic response procedures and cleanup techniques.
Students are able to practice in hospitals and external clinical rotations throughout the world.
Students are able to practice skills necessary for attendant, entrant and rescue classifications.
Students are able to predict physical characteristics with family lineage.
Students are able to prepare for specialised interests in several areas.
Students are able to present most findings in percentages.
Students are able to present their findings in both written and oral form.
Students are able to present their findings.
Students are able to print out documents at no charge.
Students are able to print out their papers via wireless, too.
Students are able to print the articles using the printer connected to that microcomputer.
Students are able to proceed at a slower pace if needed.
Students are able to produce verb conjugation of regular verbs.
Students are able to progress at their own pace.
Students are able to provide assistance and additional information to peers.
Students are able to purchase everything from pencils and paper to science kits.
Students are able to purchase pencils, erasers, and other school supplies.
Students are able to pursue a number of elective courses .
Students are able to pursue graduate as well as undergraduate degrees.
Students are able to pursue the three-year course and yet remain at work and at home.
Students are able to pursue their individual interests by taking elective and cognate courses.
Students are able to pursue their personal interests via a wide range of elective courses.
Students are able to put together a flexible program by way of electives.
Students are able to read and name numbers using whole number exponents.
Students are able to read at a third grade level.
Students are able to read graphs.
Students are able to read information about plants and take a quiz at the end of the activity.
Students are able to receive academic assistance from accessible professors.
Students are able to receive academic credit for the courses if they choose.
Students are able to receive college credit for volunteering their time.
Students are able to receive help from someone in their peer group rather than from a teacher.
Students are able to receive individual attention in their classes.
Students are able to receive instant feedback after completing and submitting online tests.
Students are able to receive more credits each year.
Students are able to recognize and respond appropriately in emergency situations.
Students are able to record a CD that includes their senior recital and portfolio.
Students are able to redo certain activities until they can master it.
Students are able to refer to internet and library search engines.
Students are able to reflect on their experiential learning.
Students are able to register and attend classes all in the same complex.
Students are able to register during or after their scheduled appointment time.
Students are able to register throughout the remainder of the semester and are encouraged to do so.
Students are able to register, add or drop courses for the current and upcoming semester.
Students are able to register, and add and drop courses online.
Students are able to report hate crimes and bias-motivated incidents directly through the website.
Students are able to request a textbook from up to three potential sellers.
Students are able to research colleges and art schools when examining future plans.
Students are able to research sites on-line.
Students are able to research, analyze, and communicate with others in their related field on-line.
Students are able to respond to or call the teacher in a similar way.
Students are able to respond to particular comments that other students have made.
Students are able to retest every year until a passing score is attained.
Students are able to retrieve the information in various forms while in and out of class.
Students are able to return books checked out under the CLC sticker to the circulation desk.
Students are able to review the job listings and pursue any of the openings.
Students are able to ride their mopeds and be anywhere on campus in a matter of minutes.
Students are able to sample the test in two abbrieviated forms.
Students are able to schedule classes around work and family responsibilities.
Students are able to search for available properties and roommates online.
Students are able to search for institutions by location, tuition, enrollment, and major.
Students are able to search for jobs on the web and attach HTML resumes as appropriate.
Students are able to search for keywords or entire passages using the fetch and retrieve functions.
Students are able to search for materials in the CMCr as well as in the main library.
Students are able to search for potential roommates.
Students are able to search library holdings by title, author, subject, series, or keywords.
Students are able to search the databases to find specific information the require.
Students are able to search using common names, which are then matched up to the taxonomic group.
Students are able to see a variety of items being created, just as it was originally done.
Students are able to see ahead of time what they can expect to learn at a given session.
Students are able to see and touch real hearts and lungs.
Students are able to see at first hand how disease processes affect body tissues.
Students are able to see each different religion unfold up through the current day.
Students are able to see how the math is useful in their everyday lives.
Students are able to see only their own records for the course.
Students are able to see relationships and make connections between content areas.
Students are able to see the consequences of applying certain forms of censorship to written media.
Students are able to see the differences in the number of faces, edges and vertices.
Students are able to see the effects of choices based on poor judgement and peer pressure.
Students are able to see the principles in their textbooks put into action.
Students are able to see the web research pages on their classroom TVs.
Students are able to see what a fraction means in a workplace related example.
Students are able to see, hear and communicate with their instructors and colleagues.
Students are able to select a course of study to reflect their own interests and background.
Students are able to select laboratories suited to their own research interests and career goals.
Students are able to select one outfit as long as supplies last.
Students are able to select subjects from a wide range of science disciplines.
Students are able to select which pages to print and then pay a fee.
Students are able to send files to tutors.
Students are able to send in samples of their work and questions to experts.
Students are able to send print jobs from any of the workstations and are vended on a cash basis.
Students are able to serve, literally, anywhere in the world.
Students are able to share personal concerns in a comfortable atmosphere.
Students are able to share their culture and community with the world.
Students are able to share their testimonies as well as their voices and talents.
Students are able to share with one another, fellowship, sing, pray, and study the Bible.
Students are able to ship packages to their residence hall during a specific period in late summer.
Students are able to showcase their skills center-stage and behind the curtains.
Students are able to snack.
Students are able to solve a given problem in more than one way.
Students are able to speak with faculty advisors concerning classes in their area of interest.
Students are able to specialize by selecting courses focused on their specialty areas.
Students are able to spend quality time playing pool, ping pong, or simply watching tv.
Students are able to start, view, stop, review and start again at their own speed.
Students are able to strengthen their skills and gain self-confidence.
Students are able to structure their schedules to gain skills in each area.
Students are able to study a language in their first year.
Students are able to study at their own pace, within their module deadlines.
Students are able to study in an environment custom-built for language learners.
Students are able to study overseas for a term, semester or a year.
Students are able to study the latest methods and results of agricultural research.
Students are able to study using a variety of learning modalities.
Students are able to study without any problem.
Students are able to submit an essay and receive feedback and a grade.
Students are able to submit creative work for publication.
Students are able to support each other in course work, class assignments and projects.
Students are able to surf the net to locate information for short reports they begin to write.
Students are able to survive in a Russian-speaking environment.
Students are able to switch plans during the year.
Students are able to tailor make their education packages to suit their education needs and budgets.
Students are able to tailor the minor to complement their major programs.
Students are able to tailor their course of study to their individual needs.
Students are able to tailor their programme to fit their profile of choice.
Students are able to take a double major or a major minor combination to broaden their skills base.
Students are able to take a full course load equivalent at home institutions.
Students are able to take advantage of a wide array of courses and modern facilities.
Students are able to take advantage of a wide range of outdoor activities throughout the year.
Students are able to take advantage of both honors classes and dual credit offerings.
Students are able to take advantage of that city's many cultural and educational institutions.
Students are able to take an active part in planting, weeding, harvesting and composting.
Students are able to take classes interchangeably at each location.
Students are able to take college-level classes while still in high school.
Students are able to take courses in specialist topics.
Students are able to take field trips around the world through the Internet.
Students are able to take hours beyond the limit.
Students are able to take individual projects in their final year of study.
Students are able to take individual responsibility for their time to learn.
Students are able to take notes while doing experiments without being tied to a specific location.
Students are able to take ownership of their learning and work at their own pace.
Students are able to take part in school activities in which they are interested.
Students are able to take the course several times as different topics are addressed.
Students are able to take the equivalent of a full course load at their home university.
Students are able to take tours, witnessing actual surgeries.
Students are able to talk to each other from campus to campus, as well.
Students are able to talk with counselors concerning a wide range of career options.
Students are able to tap into information stored in libraries around the world.
Students are able to tap jnto information stored in libraries around the world.
Students are able to tape, edit, and broadcast.
Students are able to test and enhance their team and leadership skills in multi-disciplinary teams.
Students are able to test classroom learning in the laboratories of the real world.
Students are able to test their abilities in supportive and structured work environments.
Students are able to think critically, solve problems, and more fully grasp mathematical concepts.
Students are able to track their progress and print results.
Students are able to trade the cards with each other to accomplish the goal.
Students are able to transfer to full time studies upon completion of first year curriculum.
Students are able to try out alternative means of problem solving in a safe, supportive environment.
Students are able to undergo formative assessment in the test sections.
Students are able to understand idioms, multiple meanings of words and analogies in text.
Students are able to understand multiple meanings of words and analogies in texts.
Students are able to understand numbers beyond basic skills.
Students are able to undertake science subjects for which they have satisfied the prerequisites.
Students are able to update responses to activities at any time.
Students are able to use addition of numbers accurately.
Students are able to use any programming language they wish.
Students are able to use calling cards.
Students are able to use clip art from various sources or create their own drawings.
Students are able to use different models of multicultural curriculum construction.
Students are able to use each other as resources.
Students are able to use e-mail to enroll, submit writing assignments and schedule exams.
Students are able to use flashcards, games, and a homework helper.
Students are able to use problem-solving skills.
Students are able to use sensory experiences to comprehend.
Students are able to use the computer labs seven days a week.
Students are able to use the computers free of charge and waiting time, if any, is reasonable.
Students are able to use the ISP of their choice to access on-campus services remotely.
Students are able to use the libraries during recess and before and after school.
Students are able to use the library to work or study in.
Students are able to use the networked computers in a lab or classroom setting for research.
Students are able to use the service for the first four days of the semester.
Students are able to use the tutorial when they are designing their own projects.
Students are able to use their boat or any boat in our training boat fleet.
Students are able to use their meal plans at any of the residence hall dining areas.
Students are able to use their portfolio to present themselves to potential employers.
Students are able to use word-processing software, as well as software to support the curriculum.
Students are able to utilize all materials during business hours.
Students are able to utilize the lab every day before, during and after school hours.
Students are able to utilize their federal, state and university-controlled financial aid.
Students are able to view and post their psychology research papers.
Students are able to view earth processes as a movie or as still images that can be compared.
Students are able to view their information, update addresses, and register on-line.
Students are able to view their own borrowing records and renew their loans.
Students are able to visit staff in their offices for ad-hoc personal assistance.
Students are able to visit with advisors and register from their offices.
Students are able to volunteer independently within the school or the community at large.
Students are able to vote in the elections.
Students are able to win a monthly prize drawing by entering for each book they read.
Students are able to work , play, and grow in a peaceful atmosphere.
Students are able to work an hour, go to class and then return to work again.
Students are able to work around their class schedule.
Students are able to work at their own pace and maximize the learning process.
Students are able to work at their own pace to finish the course on time.
Students are able to work at times of the day or night that they find most convenient.
Students are able to work cooperatively to achieve a common goal.
Students are able to work in a calmer, more productive environment.
Students are able to work in teams with exterior companies.
Students are able to work in the forging lab to create both standard and corrective shoes.
Students are able to work more independently and become more critical of the final project.
Students are able to work on their own vehicles whilst being continuously assessed.
Students are able to work together cooperatively.
Students are able to work with newer technologies such as photo processes and computer designs.
Students are able to work with three patients with different case histories.
Students are able to write a coherent essay of a minimum of three paragraphs.
Students are able to write and speak using correct verb forms.
Students are academically accountable for all material covered while absent.
Students are academically bright and academically serious.
Students are academically successful in a safe and orderly learning environment.
Students are accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Students are accountable for all assigned work even if they have been absent.
Students are accountable for all the material covered in the discussions and reading assignment.
Students are accountable for all work missed because of absence.
Students are accountable for all work that is submitted or presented for evaluation.
Students are accountable for all work which is submitted or presented for evaluation.
Students are accountable for any willful damage to school property.
Students are accountable for any work missed because of class absence.
Students are accountable for any work missed by absence from classes.
Students are accountable for anything they miss.
Students are accountable for getting work made up when they have missed school for any reason.
Students are accountable for the actions of their guests.
Students are accountable for the application of the nursing process in selected care settings.
Students are accountable for their academic progress and behavior.
Students are accountable for their own learning.
Students are accountable for their own performance, earning rewards and consequences accordingly.
Students are accountable for their participation in the learning experience.
Students are accountable to their classroom teacher for what they accomplish during study time.
Students are accustomed to film and they have opinions on what they see.
Students are accustomed to projects with an interdisciplinary focus.
Students are active and engaged within the discussion.
Students are active and move about the room, rather than sitting at desks.
Students are active and produce meaningful language.
Students are active at the state and national level in family medicine.
Students are active explorers.
Students are active in a variety of clubs , and student government.
Students are active in determining the appropriate questions to ask.
Students are active in enjoying Canadian life and culture.
Students are active in giving input on courses and program development.
Students are active in internship and practicum programs.
Students are active in many ways, including volunteerism.
Students are active in school sponsored scouting activities for boys and girls.
Students are active in seeking and applying knowledge.
Students are active in studies and clubs.
Students are active in the planning of retreats, days of reflection and social programs.
Students are active in worship planning and leadership.
Students are active learners .
Students are active learners involved in the learning process.
Students are active learners throughout the academic process.
Students are active learners.
Students are active members of the learning team.
Students are active on committees dealing with curriculum, government, and community life.
Students are active on the air and behind the scenes at both stations.
Students are active participants as they explore Egyptian culture, artifacts and landmarks.
Students are active participants in a climate of intellectual rigor.
Students are active participants in challenging learning experiences.
Students are active participants in community service and participate in a drug education unit.
Students are active participants in developing school policies and procedures.
Students are active participants in math.
Students are active participants in the a learning process.
Students are active participants in the assessment process.
Students are active participants in the change process.
Students are active participants in the classroom and easily get extra help when it's needed.
Students are active participants in the learning environment.
Students are active participants in the learning process towards their long term goals.
Students are active participants in the learning process.
Students are active participants in the presentation.
Students are active participants in the process and often direct successful learning experiences.
Students are active participants in the resuscitation of critically ill and injured patients.
Students are active participants in the use of technology.
Students are active participants in their education.
Students are active participants in their learning.
Students are active partners in their own learning.
Students are active rather than passive.
Students are active, rather than passive.
Students are actors and actresses and are very natural in behavior and presentation.
Students are actually desirous of limitations on behavior.
Students are actually much harder to reach than faculty.
Students are addicted to the Internet.
Students are adept at operations on polynomials, including long division.
Students are adept at the arithmetic of complex numbers.
Students are adept at using trigonometry in a variety of applications and word problems.
Students are adequately prepared for graduate or law school.
Students are admitted on a first come, first serve basis as they qualify by placement for the class.
Students are admitted to the program each year through a process, first come first serve.
Students are adult and young adult learners who come from all walks of Czech life.
Students are adult professionals.
Students are adults and professionals from around the world.
Students are adults and they make their own decisions.
Students are adults capable of making their own decisions.
Students are adults who think, value, relate, and wonder about themselves and their world.
Students are adults with their children.
Students are adults, taxpayers and eligible voters.
Students are advanced on the recommendation of the jury.
Students are advanced to candidacy after successfully completing comprehensive exams.
Students are advanced to candidacy status upon successful completion of the qualifying examination.
Students are advanced to candidacy upon completion of the written and oral qualifying examinations.
Students are advanced to candidacy upon passing the preliminary examination.
Students are afforded opportunities for personal and professional growth and development.
Students are afraid of expressing viewpoints for the fear of being attacked.
Students are afraid of judgment, of failure and of success.
Students are afraid to go to school.
Students are afraid to make mistakes.
Students are afraid to talk to the Dean.
Students are aged three and up.
Students are akin to machines, taking in certain information so they can move along in the system.
Students are alerted to the needs of others which call for their interest, service, and self-giving.
Students are alive, and the purpose of education is to stimulate and guide their self-development.
Students are all aware of USA's power.
Students are all commuters.
Students are all friendly and help each other in both work and play.
Students are all full or part-time students.
Students are all highly encouraged to attend and participate actively in the discussions.
Students are all nervous and get all worried and spend like weeks student.
Students are all registered and given their own library card.
Students are all unique and their learning occurs at different rates and in many manners.
Students are all volunteers, and most want to continue and help other new students.
Students are allow to use the photos in their school geology reports.
Students are already available for contact.
Students are already busy reading, writing and doing arithmetic.
Students are already extremely pleased with the menu and the prices.
Students are already in class.
Students are already in that program, helping to build the school itself.
Students are already interested in computer-based testing.
Students are already into technology.
Students are already too much in debt as it is.
Students are also able to access the Internet from the newsroom computers.
Students are also able to apply for intercollegiate residences.
Students are also able to assess their own strengths and weaknesses as they complete assignments.
Students are also able to become familiar with the faculty much more quickly at a two-year college.
Students are also able to benefit with student loan interest deductions.
Students are also able to check their application status online .
Students are also able to choose between ecology and molecular biology versions of the exam.
Students are also able to choose four single semester electives.
Students are also able to choose minors outside of the college.
Students are also able to compete for chairs in different honors bands, if they desire.
Students are also able to connect to other Jewish schools and sources through the Internet.
Students are also able to design individual study projects with instructors.
Students are also able to do their own laundry on the premises at no extra cost.
Students are also able to enrol in Masters and Ph.D. degrees by research.
Students are also able to enroll for courses and find out their grades by using the tool.
Students are also able to exchange letters and e-mail.
Students are also able to explore the culture of both ancient and modern Tunisia.
Students are also able to explore their multiple interests in courses and productions.
Students are also able to find employment in government and public establishments.
Students are also able to find the patterns in the data with rather small input from the instructor.
Students are also able to get online and browse the internet from the lab.
Students are also able to hold jobs in the local area while attending college.
Students are also able to incorporate computer images and video into their works.
Students are also able to informally access career information and counseling through mentors.
Students are also able to learn through internship programs.
Students are also able to make more money while remaining eligible for interest relief.
Students are also able to measure their endurance and heart rate with special heart monitors.
Students are also able to meet and develop relationships with potential employers.
Students are also able to participate in exercises that boost self-esteem.
Students are also able to propose and develop their own internships.
Students are also able to purchase passes to a large indoor pool located ten minutes from campus.
Students are also able to pursue a program in classical structural mechanics.
Students are also able to register online and add or drop classes.
Students are also able to reinforce their understanding of modern Italian life.
Students are also able to renew materials for another three-weeks.
Students are also able to search out their own international placements.
Students are also able to select elective courses in areas of personal interest.
Students are also able to self-design a minor course of study.
Students are also able to sign up for a three-credit course as part of the trip.
Students are also able to sit in on legislative hearings and witness state government first hand.
Students are also able to study offshore in many overseas countries.
Students are also able to submit two optional case histories.
Students are also able to suggest potential future topics.
Students are also able to take advantage of breaks in the courses to travel extensively.
Students are also able to take advantage of the support our classroom seminar offers.
Students are also able to take college classes through the college.
Students are also able to take selected options in other programs.
Students are also able to undertake paid work in the extensive local bookselling trade.
Students are also able to use equations containing radicals.
Students are also able to use our facilities for quiet or monitored study.
Students are also able to use the pool during recreational hours.
Students are also able to view other people s submissions and comments.
Students are also able to view their semester grades on-line.
Students are also active and excel in sports.
Students are also active in local hospitals and with environmental groups.
Students are also active in service projects to the community.
Students are also active in student council, chorus, and music ensemble.
Students are also active in the community.
Students are also active in the local schools where they regularly assist music teachers.
Students are also among the groups the journal intends to reach.
Students are also are responsible for checking the credentials and integrity of an employer.
Students are also assigned problems that make use of Internet resources.
Students are also at risk when they cut and shape their materials using scissors.
Students are also available for interviews.
Students are also available to assist teachers with science lab exercises.
Students are also available to create web pages, for a fee.
Students are also available to do home safety evaluation sessions upon request.
Students are also available to help attorneys with research projects on an ad hoc basis.
Students are also aware of the creation of archives and records from the past.
Students are also aware of the improvements.
Students are also aware of the local water situation.
Students are also behind the scenes as camera, sound and other technical positions.
Students are also busy reading.
Students are also busy with computer projects that go beyond their classroom assignments.
Students are also busy writing in their journals.
Students are also comfortable with refining their data.
Students are also concerned about indebtedness.
Students are also concerned about their ability to manage school and work.
Students are also concerned that healthier food items are more expensive.
Students are also concerned with the steadiness of the tables.
Students are also desperate.
Students are also divided into hands-on learning groups.
Students are also divided into political parties and develop party platforms.
Students are also eligible for counseling licensure in some states.
Students are also eligible for departmental assistance to attend local and regional conferences.
Students are also eligible for membership in Pi Kappa Delta, a national forensics honorary.
Students are also eligible for other forms of financial aid.
Students are also eligible for other scholarships within their specific journalism program.
Students are also eligible for part time work during the school year.
Students are also eligible for practical training as part of their degree prior to graduation.
Students are also eligible for roster and site allowances as appropriate.
Students are also eligible for selection to several of the school system's magnet program.
Students are also eligible for support in collaborative research projects with faculty.
Students are also eligible for teaching assistantships and, occasionally, research assistantships.
Students are also eligible to apply for a fifth year of support.
Students are also eligible to apply for a summer German trip scholarship.
Students are also eligible to apply for graduate assistantships through funded research projects.
Students are also eligible to apply for scholarships.
Students are also eligible to apply for university fellowships and scholarships.
Students are also eligible to apply to credentialed practice programs offered elsewhere.
Students are also eligible to apply to the program throughout the academic school year.
Students are also eligible to compete for athletic scholarships.
Students are also eligible to complete an internship as part of their concentration requirement.
Students are also eligible to complete an internship as part of their concentration requirements.
Students are also eligible to earn numerals and letters.
Students are also eligible to purchase a monthly avit from the parking garage office.
Students are also eligible to receive all state required certificates.
Students are also eligible to receive certain grants.
Students are also eligible to receive federal and state students loans.
Students are also eligible to register.
Students are also eligible to take any required state licensure examinations.
Students are also encourages to seek sources of funding in their community.
Students are also excited about discovering cursive handwriting.
Students are also familiar with using computers.
Students are also free to also consider suggested, supplementary readings.
Students are also free to develop their own placements with the consent of the instructor.
Students are also free to invite and hear speakers of their choice.
Students are also free to make housing arrangements through other sources.
Students are also free to make other housing arrangements themselves.
Students are also free to make their own housing arrangements.
Students are also free to opt to arrive early or stay late in order to travel independently.
Students are also free to patronize local restaurants.
Students are also free to post stories about their own work aspirations.
Students are also free to purchase their own copy.
Students are also free to select courses from different areas to meet their individual needs.
Students are also free to take additional electives, if they choose.
Students are also frequently unable to apply academic knowledge to practical, real-world contexts.
Students are also good at calling attention to disciplinary blind spots.
Students are also helpful in contributing factual information.
Students are also liable for the replacement costs of lost items.
Students are also likely to gain teaching experience in undergraduate health psychology courses.
Students are also likely to raise some financial support from industry sponsors.
Students are also limited to routine X-rays and check ups once every two years.
Students are also members of larger communities such as city, state, and nation.
Students are also more willing to guess at answers in female instructors' classes.
Students are also often subject to gender bias and stereotyping within education software.
Students are also older.
Students are also optimistic about the courses.
Students are also optimistic about the guide.
Students are also part of a much larger community.
Students are also pleased when busy working people take the time to respond.
Students are also prepared for a career in marketing management, sales, or research.
Students are also prepared for a variety of other career options.
Students are also prepared for advanced studies.
Students are also prepared for doctoral study in nursing and related fields.
Students are also prepared for entry-level positions in graphic design and related fields.
Students are also prepared for graduate studies upon graduation.
Students are also prepared for graduate study in chemical engineering, medicine, business and law.
Students are also prepared for graduate study in many business degree programs.
Students are also prepared for graduate study in related areas.
Students are also prepared for graduate study in the area of management.
Students are also prepared for graduate study upon graduation.
Students are also prepared for graduate study.
Students are also prepared for lives of worth and service in their major studies.
Students are also prepared for pursuing further education in any of the major areas of psychology.
Students are also prepared for the advanced placement exam in English.
Students are also prepared for the world of work through business and technology courses of study.
Students are also prepared for upward mobility in a nursing career.
Students are also prepared to begin a graduate program.
Students are also prepared to go directly into industrial and governmental positions.
Students are also prepared to take and pass the national teacher certification examination.
Students are also prone to fits of screaming at one another, followed by hysterical laughter.
Students are also ready to begin work on their second book project using the Little Planet software.
Students are also resistant to the notion of learning generic skills.
Students are also resonsible for the mooring fees.
Students are also responsible for additional statutory and supplementary reading.
Students are also responsible for advertising sales and distribution.
Students are also responsible for air fare, personal expenses and passport and visa fees.
Students are also responsible for airfare and other non-tuition charges.
Students are also responsible for airfare, books, and other living expenses.
Students are also responsible for all activities that originate from their accounts.
Students are also responsible for all announcements regarding class assignments and examinations.
Students are also responsible for all books that they borrow.
Students are also responsible for all film and group study questions.
Students are also responsible for all materials distributed during lectures.
Students are also responsible for all orally delivered guidance and materials.
Students are also responsible for all organizational music currently under rehearsal.
Students are also responsible for announcements made during class.
Students are also responsible for any acts of plagiarism.
Students are also responsible for any assignments, including homework, given during a missed class.
Students are also responsible for any changes in assigned material or due dates.
Students are also responsible for any changes in the lecture schedule that is announced in class.
Students are also responsible for any changes made to their schedule.
Students are also responsible for any video material presented in class.
Students are also responsible for arranging for the disposal of their chemicals and wastes.
Students are also responsible for assigned readings.
Students are also responsible for basic science content.
Students are also responsible for bringing their videotapes on speech days.
Students are also responsible for buying pre-clinical books on the first day of school.
Students are also responsible for care and maintenance of the tack and barn facility.
Students are also responsible for checking in equipment at the end of a course.
Students are also responsible for checking that they have the necessary prerequisites.
Students are also responsible for checking their own prerequisites.
Students are also responsible for coming prepared for the discussions.
Students are also responsible for daily patient care and hospital maintenance.
Students are also responsible for delivering letters to their instructors.
Students are also responsible for determining how much each project is worth.
Students are also responsible for ensuring that their calculator works properly.
Students are also responsible for ensuring the confidentiality of access rights under their control.
Students are also responsible for getting their own passports.
Students are also responsible for independent projects due at the end of the four weeks.
Students are also responsible for in-depth critiques of three of the seminars.
Students are also responsible for initiating advising contacts and preparing for advising sessions.
Students are also responsible for interpreting the majority of poems from the text.
Students are also responsible for keeping a log of hours worked.
Students are also responsible for knowing the specific restrictions for each class they are taking.
Students are also responsible for library books checked out.
Students are also responsible for listening and responding to their peers.
Students are also responsible for locating and evaluating various resources in the field.
Students are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of patient information.
Students are also responsible for making sure their software is compatible with the instructor's.
Students are also responsible for making their own arrangements for meals.
Students are also responsible for material contained in class handouts.
Students are also responsible for materials posted on each individual class bulletin board.
Students are also responsible for notifying course directors and for completing all work missed.
Students are also responsible for notifying the field coordinator of any change of status.
Students are also responsible for obtaining from others in the class what material is missed.
Students are also responsible for obtaining the information missed due to absences.
Students are also responsible for offenses against that academic community.
Students are also responsible for offenses against the academic community.
Students are also responsible for participating and completing the required lab exercises.
Students are also responsible for paying for an arranged airfare separate from the program fees.
Students are also responsible for personal transportation costs incurred during the program.
Students are also responsible for prerequisites.
Students are also responsible for prescription medications and any services received off-campus.
Students are also responsible for presenting their research findings to the class on that day.
Students are also responsible for producing a book that is financially free and clear.
Students are also responsible for properly registering for the courses they intend to take.
Students are also responsible for providing their own transportation to clinical experiences.
Students are also responsible for purchasing the textbooks.
Students are also responsible for reading any supplementary material handed out in class.
Students are also responsible for reading each section before it is taught in class.
Students are also responsible for reading the textbook, per the assigned chapters.
Students are also responsible for re-payment of all student loans.
Students are also responsible for replacing any plane tickets or traveler s checks that are lost.
Students are also responsible for responding to at least one presentation.
Students are also responsible for securing housing arrangements at the exchange site.
Students are also responsible for setting their own goals.
Students are also responsible for submitting any name and address changes for diploma processing.
Students are also responsible for the condition of their room door.
Students are also responsible for the content of all lectures.
Students are also responsible for the current literature in their area of specialization.
Students are also responsible for the material in the assigned readings, as shown below.
Students are also responsible for the materials in handouts when distributed.
Students are also responsible for the outdoor activity resource area.
Students are also responsible for the planting and upkeep of foliage in and around the school.
Students are also responsible for the security of their Web sites.
Students are also responsible for the typing and copying of the research project.
Students are also responsible for their other living expenses and local transportation.
Students are also responsible for their own airfare and travel arrangements.
Students are also responsible for their own film.
Students are also responsible for their own food and lodging.
Students are also responsible for their own insurance coverage.
Students are also responsible for their own transportation to and from campus.
Students are also responsible for their own transportation to clinical areas.
Students are also responsible for their own transportation to clinical settings.
Students are also responsible for their own transportation.
Students are also responsible for their own travel and lodging expenses.
Students are also responsible for their portion of the cost of audio-conferencing.
Students are also responsible for their transportation costs related to clinical study.
Students are also responsible for transportation costs to the work sites.
Students are also responsible for travel costs to the program and home again.
Students are also responsible for travel expenses to clinical agencies.
Students are also responsible for travel to and from retreats.
Students are also responsible for understanding all information contained in reading assignments.
Students are also responsible for understanding the provisions of the Honor Code.
Students are also responsible for understanding what constitutes academic dishonesty.
Students are also responsible to make up work missed as a result of the absence.
Students are also responsible to return their keys in tact at the end of the year.
Students are also responsiblen for making up all work missed during an absence.
Students are also responsibly for selecting a mentor.
Students are also select from a pool of courses in a wide range of environmental subjects.
Students are also some of the tricks or techniques to use when using a search engine.
Students are also subject to criminal arrest if caught by university police.
Students are also subject to disciplinary action in cases of repeated violations.
Students are also subject to disciplinary action under the Student Conduct Code .
Students are also subject to disciplinary action under the Student Conduct Code.
Students are also to be enrolled in a recitation section .
Students are also to be registered by disabled student services.
Students are also to inform the instructor of the correspondence.
Students are also to reflect on each day while keeping the journal.
Students are also to submit a typed abstract card with their final thesis.
Students are also upset about the level of service offered in the dining centers.
Students are also very interested in the career path and future career options within a company.
Students are also very welcome to attend.
Students are also video-conferencing with museum personnel from their classrooms.
Students are also vital to the academic life of the department.
Students are also vitally involved in an annual review of all college policies and procedures.
Students are also welcome at all council programs for special rates.
Students are also welcome at houses of worship in the Richmond area.
Students are also welcome member to join systers-students.
Students are also welcome to attend if there are slots available.
Students are also welcome to attend lectures or concerts.
Students are also welcome to attend the meeting.
Students are also welcome to become a member of the society.
Students are also welcome to continue with a third week of language school.
Students are also welcome to directly inquire about potential openings at departments of interest.
Students are also welcome to discuss project ideas with the instructor during office hours.
Students are also welcome to discuss the matter in person.
Students are also welcome to enroll in individual courses.
Students are also welcome to join at a discounted rate.
Students are also welcome to join the society.
Students are also welcome to make appointments to see the instructor at other times.
Students are also welcome to make their own housing arrangements.
Students are also welcome to negotiate compensation from their site.
Students are also welcome to organize their own club.
Students are also welcome to participate.
Students are also welcome to post their resumes.
Students are also welcome to schedule appointments by e-mail.
Students are also welcome to show up at the church after school to do homework or visit.
Students are also welcome to sign up for an individual appointment.
Students are also welcome to speak if they feel led.
Students are also welcome to stay in the center and use our computers.
Students are also welcome to study at other African universities.
Students are also welcome to teach workshops of there own expertise.
Students are also welcome to trailer in their own horse for lessons.
Students are also welcome to use our library for research and project work.
Students are also welcome to visit our laboratories and talk with members of the faculty.
Students are also welcome to work on the main portion of the site.
Students are also welcome.
Students are also well advised to acquire some background in linguistics.
Students are also well equipped for management consultancy.
Students are also well prepared for entry into graduate studies in film and media arts production.
Students are also well prepared for graduate study in computer science.
Students are also well prepared for graduate study in economics, law, and business.
Students are also well prepared for graduate study in law and business.
Students are also well prepared for graduate study.
Students are also well prepared for graduate work in business, education, humanities, law and more.
Students are also well prepared for graduate-level education.
Students are also well prepared to pursue an advanced degree in graduate school.
Students are also well prepared to pursue careers in basic geo-science.
Students are alumni and their success is important.
Students are always active in science fairs, mathematics, and foreign language contests.
Students are always amazed to learn what an allergy really is.
Students are always busy achieving a well-rounded education.
Students are always concerned if they are ready to test.
Students are always eager for suggestions on saving money.
Students are always eager to do copy writing.
Students are always eager to receive items that bear a college or university insignia.
Students are always free to select the activities that they feel are worth the extra money.
Students are always happy to share their classroom and friends with visitors.
Students are always impressed and very moved by it.
Students are always interested in how the grading is accomplished.
Students are always interested in how the real world operates.
Students are always interested in obtaining career-related internships.
Students are always more attentive when there is a context to the instructions they are receiving.
Students are always more interested in content that is directly related to real life .
Students are always on task, stay in their own area, and work quietly.
Students are always our main focus and student achievement is paramount in the district.
Students are always questions how the past relates to the future.
Students are always responsible for classroom discussion and assignments made in missed classes.
Students are always responsible for content covered in class and for all assigned readings.
Students are always responsible for knowing and meeting degree requirements.
Students are always responsible for material covered when they are absent.
Students are always responsible for payment of any and all fees, books and supplies.
Students are always responsible for their own airfare.
Students are always successful although rates of success are widely variant, of course.
Students are always supervised while counseling patients.
Students are always supervised.
Students are always surprised by the low percent.
Students are always surprised each spring to see how early their tulips emerge.
Students are always the benefactors of such introspective assessment.
Students are always to be treated as the reason for any initiative.
Students are always uncertain of the professor's intentions.
Students are always up after midnight.
Students are always weak in graphing skills.
Students are always welcome here.
Students are always welcome to assist with worship planning and services.
Students are always welcome to become involved in all aspects of the publication.
Students are always welcome to call or e-mail with questions.
Students are always welcome to come by and browse.
Students are always welcome to come into the office and discuss ideas for the program.
Students are always welcome to contribute other relevant news items on non-scheduled days.
Students are always welcome to drop in with concerns or questions, or just to get acquainted.
Students are always welcome to drop in.
Students are always welcome to drop-in for advice on any accommodation issues.
Students are always welcome to go to farms and interact with the animals.
Students are always welcome to meet with their instructors during office hours.
Students are always welcome to see their advisers on campus.
Students are always welcome to see their advisors on campus.
Students are always welcome to share in family activities.
Students are always welcome to share their writing by posting in the Worm World Forum .
Students are always welcome to stop by to discuss the course material or other academic matters.
Students are always welcome to use resources ranging from referrals to programming.
Students are always welcome.
Students are amazed at how difficult it is sometimes to do even the most simple experiments.
Students are amazed at how many women s works are out of print.
Students are amazed at how quickly the caterpillar grows.
Students are amazed at the effort needed for such a small amount of heat.
Students are amazed at the reaction.
Students are amazed at the vast range and different experiences that are offered.
Students are amazed that they can move a body and hit in so many creative and effective ways.
Students are amazed to learn how much money is needed to buy a house.
Students are amazed with the balloons in flight.
Students are among the groups that have stood up and demanded their rights.
Students are amongst the most sensitive sectors to social political change.
Students are an active and integral aspect of the program.
Students are an active part of each class.
Students are an active part of the psychology program.
Students are an active part of the web presence.
Students are an asset that schools and communities often overlook.
Students are an excellent resource for special projects and peak loads or busy seasons.
Students are an excellent resource.
Students are an important part of governance in the residence halls.
Students are an important part of the church life.
Students are an integral part of each production.
Students are an integral part of the administration of the Honor Code.
Students are an integral part of the department research program.
Students are an integral part of the management team and work closely with the house staff.
Students are an integral part of the security of their residence units and the campus as a whole.
Students are an invaluable resource in terms of person power.
Students are and have been participants in all phases of the redesign.
Students are anonymous to each other on the system, but can be continually monitored by the tutors.
Students are anxious about relationships with their peers and about pleasing their parents.
Students are anxious to apply classroom skills to the work environment.
Students are anxious to be involved in science and technology.
Students are anxious to begin immediately investing in their profession.
Students are anxious to learn about waterfall misogi and other exotic practices.
Students are anxious to see their work published in Internet sites.
Students are appreciative of any financial assistance they receive.
Students are appreciative of the individualized assistance.
Students are apt to ask fewer non-substantive questions if they know the time is limited.
Students are apt to forget that our seven planes are the seven subplanes of the cosmic physical.
Students are apt to plan a group skiing trip to Whistler, B.C. for the weekend.
Students are array-like, as well.
Students are as excited about others' victories as they are their own.
Students are as likely to become part of the network world as college faculty.
Students are as likely to pick up the free college newspaper today as they've ever been.
Students are as likely to surf the Net as they are to pound the pavement for their first real gig.
Students are as vulnerable to omissions as they are to inaccuracies and stereotypes.
Students are as young as five years old with classes also offered for adults.
Students are ask to bring in a valentine for each child in the classroom.
Students are asked to identify, interpret and analyze literary passages.
Students are asked to review current theories and their implication for practice.
Students are asked to write yes or no under each column.
Students are askedto build nand, nor, and xor gates, similar to the and and or gates.
Students are assigned certain classrooms to check, then they report to a centrally located area.
Students are assigned rooms by gender and age.
Students are assigned to work in the research group of a member of the faculty.
Students are assigned to, or request assignment to, independent problems on the basis of interest.
Students are assistants on faculty projects.
Students are astute at recognizing the restraints on accessing condoms at school.
Students are at a disadvantage when statewide testing takes place too early in the year.
Students are at a great disadvantage in such situations.
Students are at a key transition point in their lives and are naturally open to new ideas.
Students are at all times considered partners in the educational process.
Students are at all times responsible for any material missed due to absence.
Students are at all times responsible for their guests' behavior and actions.
Students are at an upper-intermediate to advanced level.
Students are at baseball practice and band rehearsal.
Students are at best partial participants in cohesion- building for classroom discourse.
Students are at different levels of proficiency based upon experience.
Students are at differing places and paces in the curriculum.
Students are at first given word problems and eventually actual bills.
Students are at first intimidated about having to even speak with their parents.
Students are at higher risk for unintentional injuries than the general population.
Students are at job sites a minimum of three and a half hours per day for most of one semester.
Students are at liberty to progress at their own speed.
Students are at many levels of knowledge and reasoning.
Students are at paired desks reading, writing or quietly discussing their work together.
Students are at risk when their family s social class is of the lower bracket.
Students are at the business site two class periods per day, four days per week.
Students are at the center of the college s mission.
Students are at the center.
Students are at the exploration site four afternoons per week and in class one.
Students are at the greatest risk of death or injury when they are entering or exiting a school bus.
Students are at the heart of every university.
Students are at the heart of our vision.
Students are at two or more sites.
Students are athletes.
Students are attentive in class and actively engage with the course content and the instructor.
Students are automatically a member of their class and are required to pay class dues.
Students are automatically assigned accounts during the academic registration process.
Students are automatically considered for all academic scholarships-there is no special application.
Students are automatically eligible based on skill qualification for each sport.
Students are automatically in the consideration pool.
Students are automatically members.
Students are available for any questions on where to go, what to do, and how to get there.
Students are available for four or eight-month work terms.
Students are available for freelance jobs.
Students are available for internships for one semester or all year.
Students are available for student rate.
Students are available for summer internships and employment.
Students are available in a flexible schedule, throughout the year, to meet employers needs.
Students are available in each lab to assist students, staff and faculty with questions.
Students are available in the lab to check-in equipment.
Students are available now for a work term.
Students are available now for summer internship work experience.
Students are available throughout the year.
Students are available to answer questions, solve glitches and provide suggestions.
Students are available to speak with media.
Students are aware of and try to understand the changes that take place in the world.
Students are aware of current techniques in civil engineering practice.
Students are aware of dangerous activities around trains and railroad property.
Students are aware of emerging technologies and current professional issues.
Students are aware of factors which control the cost of welding.
Students are aware of how they are meeting the established standards.
Students are aware of Japanese art from study in a previous unit.
Students are aware of organization, but the structure is formulaic.
Students are aware of process skill being assessed in each prompt.
Students are aware of right and wrong.
Students are aware of social and ethical issues that arise from the impact of computers on society.
Students are aware of the consequences.
Students are aware of the difference between logical necessities and empirical possibilities.
Students are aware of the evaluation criterion before beginning their task.
Students are aware of the expectations for the classroom and for activities.
Students are aware of the fact that education extends beyond the classroom.
Students are aware of the level at which they are functioning.
Students are aware of the organization and structure of the lesson.
Students are aware of the special place they hold in their school.
Students are aware of their parents' investment.
Students are aware of what they ll be tested on.
Students are aware that developing as a writer is a long term process .
Students are aware that mathematical modeling is an iterative process.
Students are aware that original letters are a primary source for historians.
Students are aware that solutions to technical problems have wide ranging effects on society.
Students are aware that the body from which they learn is a generous donation.
Students are away from home, very often, for the first time.
Students are back at work and very productive.
Students are back in the classroom now, teaching their peers what they learned in training.
Students are back on campus following intersession, and ticket sales are reportedly on the rise.
Students are back to school and are making up classes.
Students are being tempted, they fret.
Students are bereft for the loss of the great leader.
Students are better able to discern between good and bad literature.
Students are better able to distinguish pseudoscience from science.
Students are better able to relate to it then.
Students are better known - their strengths and weaknesses are dealt with more effectively.
Students are better motivated if the instuctor demonstrates an interest in the session by attending.
Students are better prepared for the future.
Students are better prepared to enter technical degree programs without needed remediation.
Students are better prepared to learn when their health needs are addressed.
Students are better prepared to perform away from the technology.
Students are better readers of poetry when they become writers of poetry, and vice versa.
Students are big users of microwave ovens and are eager to learn how they work.
Students are big users of our site and of the Internet.
Students are bolder about using technology than older generations.
Students are borderless, and it's time for schools to be borderless.
Students are bored and studying becomes irrelevant.
Students are bored.
Students are both full time and part-time.
Students are both school based and college based.
Students are bright and capable, staff is dedicated and caring, parents and community are involved.
Students are broken up into heterogeneous groups based on reading level.
Students are busy collecting souvenirs to put into the buddy's box.
Students are busy getting ready for finals.
Students are busy growing beans, peas, corn and squash.
Students are busy in class but enjoying the longer days and the changing weather.
Students are busy in every classroom.
Students are busy in the bowels of the building, launching great business ideas.
Students are busy laying blocks.
Students are busy laying concrete block foundation walls.
Students are busy learning about money, the weather, and daily reading and writing.
Students are busy learning French, history, French civilization, and international economics.
Students are busy making estimates, ordering parts, and completing repairs.
Students are busy preparing and practicing many of the following pieces for the upcoming concert.
Students are busy preparing for the event by participating in a poster contest.
Students are busy pursuing degree programs, internships, and student teaching experiences.
Students are busy reading and taking tests on the books they have read.
Students are busy setting up their own computer stations.
Students are busy using everything they know from the class to do a good job.
Students are busy with final papers and exams.
Students are busy with many subjects and are feeling pressure from all around to do good.
Students are busy working on stories in Language.
Students are busy working to gain mathematical concepts.
Students are busy writing papers, preparing for exams, all the while thinking ahead to summer.
Students are can click all possible answers until they click the correct one.
Students are capable and desire to see themselves positively.
Students are capable of better grades.
Students are capable of better minds.
Students are capable of complete courses.
Students are capable of complete tests.
Students are capable of continue education.
Students are capable of designing one or more processes to manufacture a product.
Students are capable of engaging in design, even on the first day of their freshmen year.
Students are capable of farts.
Students are capable of further education.
Students are capable of grasping and adapting to new technology.
Students are capable of homework.
Students are capable of learning more than our expectations.
Students are capable of studies.
Students are capable of talk.
Students are capable of teaching each other.
Students are capable of thinking, too.
Students are capable of thinks.
Students are capable of wash dishs.
Students are careless drivers.
Students are central to our task.
Students are central to planning, implementing, and evaluating service-learning initiatives.
Students are central.
Students are certain to have topics they ll wish to add.
Students are certainly familiar with a final essay exam.
Students are certainly free to suggest alternative project topics.
Students are certainly hypocritical when they gripe about the commencement speaker.
Students are challenged to do their best.
Students are checking more books out of the library and special education placements are down.
Students are children, teens, adults, and professionals.
Students are chromosomes.
Students are clamoring to get in.
Students are clearly engaged and on-task.
Students are clearly interested in participating in course evaluations.
Students are clearly key to securing order and safety in every school.
Students are clearly satisfied with the text's clarity, pedagogy, design, and approach.
Students are clients of the school district entitled to quality work.
Students are closely supervised and participate in an evaluative session with the internship staff.
Students are closely supervised and seek to become independently employable.
Students are comfortable meeting with professors after class or during office hours.
Students are comfortable speaking in class.
Students are comfortable staying after school for activities such as sports and music.
Students are comfortable using a variety of approaches to the solution of proportion problems.
Students are comfortable using technology.
Students are comfortable viewing videos, it is a familiar learning style.
Students are comfortable with current schedule.
Students are comfortable with quantitative techniques and the English language.
Students are comfortable with the routine.
Students are coming back, vacations are over, and research is in full force.
Students are committed and willing to devote the time necessary to successfully complete the course.
Students are committed to a three-semester sequence, taking the same section each semester.
Students are committed to applying themselves to their learning tasks to the best of their ability.
Students are committed to learning.
Students are committed to life-long learning.
Students are committed to strive for excellence.
Students are committed to the project for at least one year.
Students are community decision makers.
Students are community, rather than individual centred.
Students are competitive in statewide math and science meets and juried music competitions.
Students are competitive, but they benefit from a supportive, cooperative environment.
Students are competitive, but they have fun.
Students are completely free to choose any available elective each semester.
Students are completely free to choose their advisors.
Students are completely responsible for arranging transportation, meals, and housing.
Students are completely welcome to work together on their problem sets.
Students are computer and technically educated towards today's marketplace.
Students are concerned about grounds to enjoy and the library.
Students are concerned about incidents of academic dishonesty.
Students are concerned about the national trend in binge drinking.
Students are concerned about the proposed tuition increase, registration fee, and transcript fees.
Students are concerned about their future.
Students are concerned about tripping while taking the stairs.
Students are concerned about variation in grading across multiple sections of the same lab course.
Students are concerned about what people think.
Students are concerned for their safety.
Students are concerned that lists have been sold to solicitors, and want it to stop.
Students are concerned that their space has shrunk.
Students are concerned with a policy concerning alcohol and advertising.
Students are concerned with getting through university having done as little work as possible.
Students are concerned with many issues.
Students are concerned with the budget crisis of the university.
Students are concerned with the rigor and how interesting the classes are.
Students are concerned.
Students are conditioned to react to very specific stimuli.
Students are confident and techno-logically challenged.
Students are confident and technologically challenged.
Students are confident, creative problem solvers who can apply what they have learned.
Students are confused about preparing for the essay.
Students are confused what the total in the last column represents.
Students are confused, and they are having a tough time of it.
Students are consistently under the strain of trying to balance school, work and a social life.
Students are constantly aware of their accomplishments through hard work.
Students are constructors of knowledge.
Students are consumers of information, and paying a great deal of money for that information.
Students are cooperative, creative, good team players, competent and ambitious.
Students are co-producers of their education.
Students are creative in repairing equipment and persevere to fix any problems.
Students are creative participants within a learning environment.
Students are creative when it comes to service projects.
Students are creative when it comes to volunteering.
Students are critically aware of the immaturity of their drawing and are easily discouraged.
Students are culturally illiterate and illiberally educated.
Students are curious about the research of other students.
Students are curious about they grow especially in relationship to their peers.
Students are curious about where they came from and where they are heading.
Students are curious, creative, restless.
Students are currently on exchange.
Students are deeply concerned about pollution.
Students are definitely the priority here.
Students are delighted to have easy access to cheaper courses and no commute.
Students are delighted to learn the secret behind it all.
Students are delighted with the classes.
Students are dependent in all areas of daily living.
Students are dependent in all areas of their daily living.
Students are dependent on adults in all developmental areas.
Students are dependent on the teacher and learning is more passive.
Students are dependent upon the instructor to provide guidance in how to use the process.
Students are dependent, therefore needing attention and assistance.
Students are dependents of American military and civilian personnel living overseas.
Students are design, execute and report on original research.
Students are designers, implementers, and workers in the daily course of activities.
Students are determined to get their message across.
Students are determined to move forward the non-violent, peaceful mode of struggle.
Students are diamonds in the rough.
Students are different and learn differently.
Students are directly responsible for charges for services provided by other health care providers.
Students are directly responsible for payment of any fees they incur.
Students are directly responsible to instructors for class attendance.
Students are directly responsible to the principal for all aspects of their school conduct.
Students are directly responsible to their class instructor for their attendance.
Students are dis couraged to miss exams.
Students are disappointed with the governor's lack of attention to higher education issues.
Students are diverse in abilities, goals, and maturity.
Students are diverse in their backgrounds, values, motivation, and feelings of self-worth.
Students are diverse, clinical experiences are abundant, and it s very affordable.
Students are divided according to age and ability level.
Students are divided according to level of ability, ranging from beginners to advanced.
Students are divided according to reading ability.
Students are divided into small groups to play a rummy card game.
Students are drawing a picture that shows affection, it can be with people or animals.
Students are dressed but Encouraged to wear clothing comfortable for movement.
Students are drunk, stoned and peddling heroin.
Students are due respect and they owe respect to adults and to each other.
Students are due to follow a regular course of study for five years full-time.
Students are eager for the deployment of the new technology.
Students are eager to answer questions about polygons, angles and lines.
Students are eager to be good citizens and avoid involvement with the police.
Students are eager to connect what they do in school to the adult world when given the opportunity.
Students are eager to discover whether their opinions are supported or rejected by the group.
Students are eager to do well, so having enough time to complete their work is essential.
Students are eager to learn in a variety of ways and respond best to a variety of teaching modes.
Students are eager to learn more about health, wellness, and nutrition.
Students are eager to learn.
Students are eager to participate because they learn while having fun.
Students are eager to read, read more, and gain experience by taking the tests.
Students are eager to share answers.
Students are eager to speak with alumni who are working in the fields they plan to enter.
Students are eager to state their opinions on topics such as the use of calculators in math class.
Students are eager to talk about the issues.
Students are eager to use the computers to find books and materials that fit their needs.
Students are eagerly back to work.
Students are early and mid-career professionals drawn from throughout the U.S. and abroad.
Students are effusive in their praise of their English teacher.
Students are either art or architecture majors.
Students are either in attendance or they are absent.
Students are either sophomores or juniors who have completed the statistics prerequisite.
Students are elementary school age.
Students are eligible after one year or more of college-level German or the equivalent.
Students are eligible and encouraged to enter auditions at the discretion of instructors.
Students are eligible by audition-only regardless of grade level.
Students are eligible depending on where they live, and on parental income.
Students are eligible every year.
Students are eligible for a discount.
Students are eligible for a greatly reduced membership fee.
Students are eligible for a maximum of ten semesters.
Students are eligible for a maximum of three hours of tutoring per week, per course.
Students are eligible for a maximum of twelve months for all practical training.
Students are eligible for a means tested allowance.
Students are eligible for a number of prizes just for turning in their pledge envelopes.
Students are eligible for a reduced concessionary membership subscription.
Students are eligible for a reduced rate.
Students are eligible for a second degree only after the first degree has been awarded.
Students are eligible for a variety of academic honors .
Students are eligible for a variety of national and local awards and scholarships.
Students are eligible for a variety of renewable scholarships.
Students are eligible for a variety of scholarships.
Students are eligible for accommodations based on the documentation of their disability.
Students are eligible for admission following two years of prepharmacy study.
Students are eligible for all civil service benefits.
Students are eligible for all financial aid that normally applies.
Students are eligible for all normal concessions available to full-time students in New South Wales.
Students are eligible for annual and sick leave.
Students are eligible for annual passes.
Students are eligible for any membership category by paying the appropriate dues.
Students are eligible for big discounts on commercial software, click here for more information.
Students are eligible for both life and health insurance coverage.
Students are eligible for bursaries .
Students are eligible for career ladder promotions within their career-related position.
Students are eligible for certification.
Students are eligible for consideration if they . . .
Students are eligible for deep computing discountsespecially on software.
Students are eligible for discounts to local events that make participation easy and affordable.
Students are eligible for eight semester of funding.
Students are eligible for eight semesters of financial aid if they entered as a freshman.
Students are eligible for eight semesters of financial aid if they entered as freshmen.
Students are eligible for either undergraduate or graduate credit for participation.
Students are eligible for employment after completing their freshman year.
Students are eligible for employment as dietitians when they complete the program.
Students are eligible for employment once they have completed the first forty hours of class.
Students are eligible for federal and state financial assistance as well.
Students are eligible for federal grants and loan programs.
Students are eligible for financial aid at both institutions.
Students are eligible for financial aid consideration while on financial aid probation.
Students are eligible for financial aid during their foreign culture immersion experience.
Students are eligible for financial aid only after they have been admitted to a degree program.
Students are eligible for five hours of tutoring per semester.
Students are eligible for five years of tuition and stipend support.
Students are eligible for formal identification in the second grade.
Students are eligible for grants to carry out individual research projects in Latin America.
Students are eligible for grants to carry out individual research projects in the region.
Students are eligible for guaranteed student loans through the university.
Students are eligible for Honors as stipulated at host institution.
Students are eligible for honors if the course work taken for the degree meets honors requirements.
Students are eligible for incomplete grades in certain situations.
Students are eligible for internships following the completion of the fourth year of design.
Students are eligible for internships within and outside the school.
Students are eligible for job placement services when they complete any segment of training.
Students are eligible for lessons based upon their interest and efforts in music class.
Students are eligible for many supportive services while they are in training.
Students are eligible for membership after one term of study.
Students are eligible for membership at a reduced rate.
Students are eligible for membership if they are in the top four percent of their class.
Students are eligible for membership on a basis of demonstrated excellence in biology.
Students are eligible for more than one ensemble scholarship.
Students are eligible for most forms of financial aid.
Students are eligible for no more than two loans during an academic year.
Students are eligible for nomination after completing three semester of academic course work.
Students are eligible for nurse practitioner certification upon completion of all master's programs.
Students are eligible for on-campus housing.
Students are eligible for one award only in any one year, and a maximum of two awards.
Students are eligible for one award only.
Students are eligible for one award per academic year.
Students are eligible for one award per year.
Students are eligible for one retest in each area.
Students are eligible for only one academic-based scholarship each year.
Students are eligible for only one replacement pass per semester.
Students are eligible for only one test session each semester.
Students are eligible for paid annual and sick leave.
Students are eligible for part-time employment in the medical center.
Students are eligible for part-time OPT during the annual vacation or while school is in session.
Students are eligible for predoctoral federal funding.
Students are eligible for prizes from their respective colleges.
Students are eligible for professional nurse traineeships offering tuition support.
Students are eligible for promotion.
Students are eligible for promotions.
Students are eligible for prorated refunds.
Students are eligible for reappointment.
Students are eligible for reduced rates.
Students are eligible for scholarships only when they are enrolled full-time in a degree program.
Students are eligible for scholarships to help defray the costs.
Students are eligible for scholarships, which are matched by local technical and community colleges.
Students are eligible for special field courses based all over the world.
Students are eligible for special services to which both the DSS and the professor agree.
Students are eligible for student activity fee-supported services only at their home campus.
Students are eligible for student loans remissions, and sponsorship for tuition.
Students are eligible for student loans.
Students are eligible for substantial financial aid assistance from the university.
Students are eligible for such leaves without pay.
Students are eligible for summer work-study if a summer application is completed.
Students are eligible for support regardless of previous fellowships from other sources.
Students are eligible for technical support.
Students are eligible for ten semesters of funding.
Students are eligible for testing by completing a set amount of hours per rank.
Students are eligible for the Child Life Certification examination at the end of the program.
Students are eligible for the credit for two years.
Students are eligible for the Frequent Purchase Plan.
Students are eligible for the program after completing their first year of law school.
Students are eligible for the program for one to two school years.
Students are eligible for their career certification after completion of one component.
Students are eligible for three college semester hours for each high school semester credit earned.
Students are eligible for two summer funding packages.
Students are eligible for underghraduate financial assistance during their fourth year.
Students are eligible from area schools.
Students are eligible if enrolled in a for-credit course.
Students are eligible if the family's income is low to moderate.
Students are eligible if they live in Milwaukee and meet certain income standards.
Students are eligible if they make the grade of A in all academic and exploratory classes.
Students are eligible only for one lottery.
Students are eligible only if a minimum of one year has elapsed from time of graduation.
Students are eligible only twice in their undergraduate careers.
Students are eligible regardless of their past school record.
Students are eligible to all activities as all other participants.
Students are eligible to apply beginning the second semester of their sophomore year.
Students are eligible to apply for a deferment throughout the duration of their residency program.
Students are eligible to apply for and receive more than one form of financial assistance.
Students are eligible to apply for books upon receipt of couse schedules for each academic term.
Students are eligible to apply for Co-op the second semester of their sophomore year.
Students are eligible to apply for membership after they have completed studies through Calculus.
Students are eligible to apply for travel awards if they are presenting a poster.
Students are eligible to apply for various types of financial aid.
Students are eligible to attend a charter public school at no charge to their families.
Students are eligible to attend school in the district in which they or their parents reside.
Students are eligible to become associate members.
Students are eligible to borrow more the further they get in college.
Students are eligible to compete every year they present.
Students are eligible to compete for ROTC scholarships during the summer camp.
Students are eligible to compete in intercollegiate poultry judging contests.
Students are eligible to complete and turn in for credit all of the class's assignments.
Students are eligible to continue to receive financial aid during their time away from campus.
Students are eligible to co-op after the freshman year .
Students are eligible to declare an upper division major when they meet the impaction requirements .
Students are eligible to earn annual and sick leave.
Students are eligible to earn program bonuses, as well.
Students are eligible to enroll in the contributory medical scheme of the institute.
Students are eligible to enter any problem.
Students are eligible to enter up to three pieces of work.
Students are eligible to exchange for a minimum of one semester or a maximum of one academic year.
Students are eligible to fill out a ballot as soon as they have read the required number of books.
Students are eligible to join at an extremely competitive discounted rate.
Students are eligible to live in the housing beginning in their freshmen year.
Students are eligible to make up class work.
Students are eligible to obtain scholarships from their respective Island States.
Students are eligible to participate after their freshman year.
Students are eligible to participate as paid actors and technicians in summer theater each year.
Students are eligible to participate at the completion of their sophomore year.
Students are eligible to participate if they are in good academic standing.
Students are eligible to participate in a sponsorship program that lowers the cost.
Students are eligible to participate in apprenticeship programs.
Students are eligible to participate in bowling, swimming, and track and field events.
Students are eligible to participate in the department's active research in geology.
Students are eligible to purchase a parking permit.
Students are eligible to re-apply for admission after their period of suspension.
Students are eligible to receive a scholarship for a maximum of three consecutive years.
Students are eligible to receive certificates of credit rather than validated degree awards.
Students are eligible to receive certification for training successfully completed.
Students are eligible to receive compensation for all supervised ministry experiences.
Students are eligible to receive conditional scholarships for a maximum of five years.
Students are eligible to receive federal financial aid funds while on probation.
Students are eligible to receive financial aid during the financial aid probation period.
Students are eligible to receive financial aid during the probationary period.
Students are eligible to receive financial aid for a maximum of eight semesters.
Students are eligible to receive high school English or elective credit upon completion.
Students are eligible to receive more than one award.
Students are eligible to receive more than one scholarship.
Students are eligible to receive one award each year.
Students are eligible to receive one fellowship during their studies.
Students are eligible to receive some financial aid while on financial aid probation.
Students are eligible to receive support for one trip during their scholarly career.
Students are eligible to receive the substantial discounted price available to local residents.
Students are eligible to register after their files are complete with the necessary admission data.
Students are eligible to register early using the college's touch-tone registration network.
Students are eligible to register for one written exam and one fine arts exam.
Students are eligible to register only after receiving approval from their thesis adviser.
Students are eligible to remain in the program until they can succeed in the regular classroom.
Students are eligible to request a particular roommate or a private room.
Students are eligible to retain their scholarship for a second year.
Students are eligible to sit for comprehensive exams in their last term of attendance.
Students are eligible to sit for national certification.
Students are eligible to sit for the comprehensive examination a maximum of two times.
Students are eligible to sit for the comprehensive examination in their last term of attendance.
Students are eligible to sit for the qualifying examination a maximum of two times.
Students are eligible to take a wide variety of summer classes.
Students are eligible to take advanced practice certification exams upon completion of the program.
Students are eligible to take certification exam upon course completion.
Students are eligible to take comprehensives after all other degree requirements are completed.
Students are eligible to take exams during the first two semesters of enrollment.
Students are eligible to take national certification exams upon completion of all academic courses.
Students are eligible to take the acute care nurse practitioner certification exam.
Students are eligible to take the Certified Rehabilitation Counselor examination.
Students are eligible to take the exam after their internship assignments are complete.
Students are eligible to take the exam during their second or third year.
Students are eligible to take the exam for one year.
Students are eligible to take the exam upon completion of the curriculum.
Students are eligible to take the written comprehensive twice.
Students are eligible to teach in all states of Australia and overseas.
Students are eligible to use the office for one year.
Students are eligible to use the university libraries, gymnasiums and other similar privileges.
Students are eligible to win more than once.
Students are eligible to work for an indefinite period of time as required by the degree program.
Students are eligible to work for up to twenty hours a week on campus.
Students are eligible to work part-time on campus in a variety of settings.
Students are eligible, normally, for up to two academic years of assistantship support.
Students are eligible.
Students are e-mailed when loan checks are available to be disbursed and refunds are issued.
Students are e-mailed with additional questions or offered interviews for open slots.
Students are e-mailing their teachers to obtain quick answers to questions while they study.
Students are employees with a positive attitude.
Students are encourage to apply as soon as possible.
Students are encourage to apply before the end of their sophomore year.
Students are encourage to ask questions during lecture and activities.
Students are encourage to attend and network with the various university representatives present.
Students are encourage to attend the review session.
Students are encourage to begin working with their advisor as soon as possible.
Students are encourage to bring an old-fashioned lunch.
Students are encourage to bring their own research interests to class.
Students are encourage to carpool.
Students are encourage to contribute ideas rapidly and each idea is written down on the blackboard.
Students are encourage to discuss research topics with other members of staff.
Students are encourage to find their own style.
Students are encourage to invite family members and friends to the ceremony.
Students are encourage to organize and participate in various recreational activities.
Students are encourage to participate during the program through telephone calls and email.
Students are encourage to register early.
Students are encourage to seek both teaching and research experience.
Students are encourage to set professional goals for themselves.
Students are encourage to submit their work for consideration by the staff.
Students are encourage to suggest books for the monthly meeting.
Students are encourage to use the language both orally and in writting.
Students are encourage to work with each other on any learning activity presented in class.
Students are encouraged to challenge themselves, strive for excellence, and set high goals.
Students are encouraged to create word games by themselves.
Students are encouraged to create, think originally, and express themselves.
Students are encouraged to explore new activities and experiment with new behaviors and lifestyles.
Students are encouraged to generate contacts and income for themselves and the school.
Students are encouraged to independently read and critically analyze texts with minimal support.
Students are encouraged to participate - there is a place for every student.
Students are encouraged to read the book, think about it and discuss it with friends and roommates.
Students are encouraged to schedule appointments, however, walk-ins are welcome.
Students are encouraged to set goals, always try to improve and reach for high standards.
Students are encouraged to study their notes nightly.
Students are encouraged to write clearly using black or blue pen.
Students are encourages to meet with an advisor.
Students are encourages to plan their projects early.
Students are encourages to sign up.
Students are encourages to study abroad in a Spanish-speaking institution for at least one summer.
Students are encurged to seek out classes in other academic areas of interest.
Students are energetic and enthusiastic when they begin to write a different language.
Students are engaged and can participate in large-group discussions and individually.
Students are engaged and can participate in many different ways.
Students are engaged and interested, so they perform at their peak.
Students are engaged and motivated.
Students are engaged in activities.
Students are engaged learners who are responsible for and actively involved in their own learning.
Students are engaged problem solvers.
Students are engaged to express their thoughts and feelings relevant to their actual lives.
Students are engaged, at a highly empowered level, in community decision making.
Students are enormously effective users of the Web.
Students are enthusiastic about both the instruments and the experiments.
Students are enthusiastic about fine arts programs and their potential growth as artists.
Students are enthusiastic about the new computers.
Students are enthusiastic about the program.
Students are enthusiastic about the warm and friendly atmosphere they encounter.
Students are enthusiastic about their studies.
Students are enthusiastic about using computers and telecommunication networks.
Students are enthusiastic and love it.
Students are enthusiastic participants in class, social, and community activity.
Students are enthusiastic.
Students are entirely free to set their own schedule and work at their own pace .
Students are entirely responsible for knowing and following the principles of paraphrasing.
Students are entirely responsible for obtaining the information they missed in any class meeting.
Students are entirely responsible to fulfill all graduation requirements.
Students are equal partners on all production teams.
Students are equally concerned about spiritual and intellectual growth.
Students are equally enthusiastic about their teachers.
Students are equally responsible for lectures and readings on examinations.
Students are equally successful with either choice.
Students are especially active in sports.
Students are especially excited about raising funds for the yearly ski trip to Colorado.
Students are especially interested in exploring careers which seem both glamorous and lucrative.
Students are especially interested in hearing about the experiences of alumni.
Students are especially interested in the various service organizations on campus.
Students are especially motivated to practice music they already know and love.
Students are especially welcome without charge.
Students are especially welcome.
Students are especially well prepared to pursue a graduate degree.
Students are ethnically and economically diverse coming from all ethnic and socioeconomic groups.
Students are evaluated for admission without regard to their ability to pay.
Students are evaluated upon entering the program and progress is monitored.
Students are evaluating events in the recent past, so they have good recall.
Students are evangelists.
Students are even assigned homework.
Students are even more diverse.
Students are excellent networkers.
Students are exceptionally attentive, earnest, and competent.
Students are excited about doing math activities when they work together with online peers.
Students are excited about going to class.
Students are excited about having a real voice in prioritizing goals for their schools.
Students are excited about it hitting the halfway mark to our goal.
Students are excited about learning.
Students are excited about our new curriculum and a change to the semester system.
Students are excited about participating in experimental learning in their related fields.
Students are excited about the art project.
Students are excited about the food court as well.
Students are excited about the possibility of receiving additional scholarship money.
Students are excited about using technology, and it is imperative they understand how to use it.
Students are excited about using the Internet.
Students are excited and amazed whenever they get the clues correct.
Students are excited and can be careless when arriving or leaving school.
Students are excited and engaged during the tutoring session. . .
Students are excited and enthusiastic about their new school and are taking pride in their work.
Students are excited to be involved and eager to begin.
Students are excited to hear what name is chosen next.
Students are excited to job shadow, and business people feel job shadowing is a worthwhile activity.
Students are excited to learn about nature and different science issues.
Students are excited to learn about science that affects their daily lives.
Students are excited to learn when they are interacting with and exploring the world.
Students are excited to meet someone who has been to outer space.
Students are excited to see that their care can make a difference.
Students are excited, committed and very successful.
Students are excited, productive and orderly.
Students are exempt from service fees.
Students are exempt from tests and grades.
Students are exempt from the core course in their major field.
Students are exempt from the twelve-months maximum limit.
Students are exempt if they are enrolled in only one class or enrolled only in extension classes.
Students are exempt if they have completed a bachelor's degree or higher .
Students are exempt only for the supervised clinical assignments required by the program.
Students are expecte d to arrive on time and show respect for their colleagues and the professor.
Students are expectied to follow directions of staff.
Students are exposed to a lot more subjects in Secondary education in Jamaica.
Students are extremely concerned about their growing indebtedness.
Students are extremely excited about the excellent softball season they had.
Students are extremely interested in the topic.
Students are extremely positive about general education in control.
Students are extremely susceptible to peer and public pressure and coercion.
Students are extremely time conscious, especially when distance is a factor between buildings.
Students are extremely well-behaved.
Students are facile at integrating different media and sources.
Students are fair, reliable, and honest in their interactions with others.
Students are familiar with a variety of songs and dance patterns.
Students are familiar with and can apply polar coordinates and vectors in the plane.
Students are familiar with and use the writing process .
Students are familiar with common drawing notation.
Students are familiar with complex numbers.
Students are familiar with conic sections, both analytically and geometrically.
Students are familiar with finding information in electronic encyclopedias.
Students are familiar with measurement.
Students are familiar with mixing crayons.
Students are familiar with polar coordinates.
Students are familiar with proper lab use of the triple beam balance .
Students are familiar with television and therefore the media is non-threatening.
Students are familiar with the elements of the novel from a previous unit.
Students are familiar with the internet earlier.
Students are familiar with the keyboard and have some experience typing.
Students are familiar with the on-campus interview program and eagerly participate in it.
Students are familiar with the selected popular song.
Students are familiar with the visible image because it is like a conventional camera.
Students are familiar with using computer software programs to find information when needed.
Students are familiar with using watercolor paint.
Students are familiar with visual images of mitosis - the division of chromosomes.
Students are far from agreement when it comes to judging the weather.
Students are far likelier to report a learning disability than any other kind, the report says.
Students are far more confident in posing questions and completing asignments.
Students are far more confident in posing questions and completing assignments.
Students are far more motivated to read.
Students are fascinated by the subject of astronomy and the workings of the planetarium.
Students are fascinated with tools and machines.
Students are financially and academically responsible for all courses in which they enroll.
Students are financially liable for all care received, including emergency room charges.
Students are financially liable for courses on their schedule after that time.
Students are financially responsible for all after-hours care.
Students are financially responsible for all calls made with the authorization code.
Students are financially responsible for all charges incurred in exercising the above options.
Students are financially responsible for all costs associated with their on-line services.
Students are financially responsible for all of their off-campus health care charges.
Students are financially responsible for any damage to the Bubble facility.
Students are financially responsible for any equipment broken or destroyed.
Students are financially responsible for any housing damage charges that they incur.
Students are financially responsible for any item checked out of the stockroom.
Students are financially responsible for any treatment received at off-campus medical facilities.
Students are financially responsible for appropriate concert dress.
Students are financially responsible for damage of lost equipment.
Students are financially responsible for duplicate and withdrawn courses.
Students are financially responsible for emergency care and ambulance service.
Students are financially responsible for replacement parts.
Students are financially responsible for services performed off campus.
Students are financially responsible for their long distance phone bill.
Students are financially responsible for their uniforms.
Students are financially responsible only for supplying materials and books.
Students are finding it less attractive, career options seem more limited.
Students are first and foremost learners.
Students are first initial, dash, last name, year of graduation for freshmen and sophomores.
Students are first 'licensed' for Internet access privileges.
Students are first of all challenged to try to make the drink using trial and error.
Students are first.
Students are flexible and resourceful problem solvers.
Students are fond of creating and playing their own variations.
Students are for.
Students are forced to be at the central high school.
Students are free and encouraged to participate as much as possible in such e-mail exchanges.
Students are free anytime to access hundreds of pages of bakery material.
Students are free anytime to access hundreds of pages of material.
Students are free at any time to ask questions for clarification and class discussion.
Students are free at the gate.
Students are free during the evenings to spend time in New York City.
Students are free here to choose a variety of subjects.
Students are free in the evenings to spend time getting to know their host families.
Students are free on weekends to travel and to explore the Cape Town area.
Students are free to accept all, part, or none of the aid package that is offered.
Students are free to accept other employment during the summer.
Students are free to access the resources available in the careers centre library.
Students are free to access the site from their home computers as well.
Students are free to add art to their work in a variety of ways.
Students are free to add or drop courses during the opening two weeks of an academic term.
Students are free to approach any booth and engage the representative in conversation.
Students are free to arrange for their own transportation to and from Europe.
Students are free to arrange their rooms as they choose, within certain limitations.
Students are free to arrange transportation as their needs and resources require.
Students are free to ask any that they like.
Students are free to ask for a Counselor of their choice.
Students are free to ask questions and air their opinions and concerns about avoiding drugs.
Students are free to assess their own progress through answer keys provided in the back of the book.
Students are free to attend class any time the welding lab is open.
Students are free to attend the institutions of their choice.
Students are free to book the project room for their discussions and projects.
Students are free to bring anything they feel is necessary, such as pillows or sleeping bags.
Students are free to calculate the flow for their own umbilical using appropriate equations.
Students are free to change advisor, for any reason, during their degree.
Students are free to change advisors at any time.
Students are free to change advisors, as long as the new advisor approves.
Students are free to change faculty advisors at any time.
Students are free to change laboratories and thesis advisors with consent of the faculty involved.
Students are free to change their accommodation after the first month.
Students are free to change their adviser at any time during their residence.
Students are free to change their advisor.
Students are free to change their advisors at any time.
Students are free to change their career pathway any time.
Students are free to change their faculty mentor if they wish.
Students are free to check out materials as needed throughout the school day.
Students are free to choose a topic area of personal interest.
Students are free to choose a topic consistent with their own academic or professional interests.
Students are free to choose an advisor as early as the time of admission.
Students are free to choose any item they like.
Students are free to choose any of the above services depending on convenience or preference.
Students are free to choose any one of the following electives.
Students are free to choose any other long-distance service offered in the Rochester area.
Students are free to choose any participating faculty member as an advisor.
Students are free to choose any topic they are interested in for the speeches.
Students are free to choose elective credits as they wish.
Students are free to choose from a wide variety of topics.
Students are free to choose resources for self-directed learning.
Students are free to choose the books upon which to report, but in consultation with the instructor.
Students are free to choose the electives they feel best meet their needs.
Students are free to choose the members of their team.
Students are free to choose the topic of their project, subject to the approval of the instructor.
Students are free to choose their own brands, configurations, and operating systems.
Students are free to choose their own group or movement.
Students are free to choose their own non-law courses.
Students are free to choose to concentrate on one or the other.
Students are free to choose to see an off-campus doctor, or to decline treatment altogether.
Students are free to choose to turn in assignments on time or late.
Students are free to choose up to sixty credits in Education.
Students are free to choose what classes they want without having to sit through advising.
Students are free to choose whatever clinical setting best fits their program.
Students are free to choose whatever the methods they like.
Students are free to choose whichever brand and model of computer they wish.
Students are free to choose, always depending on the agreement of the two institutions.
Students are free to choose, within reasonable limits, their own term paper topics.
Students are free to collaborate in completing the homework assignments.
Students are free to come and go from their residence hall when they choose.
Students are free to come for circulation, research, or recreational reading.
Students are free to concentrate on what they choose for as long as they desire.
Students are free to consume water at any time in order to protect themselves from dehydration.
Students are free to create their own curriculum from any of the classes offered for each week.
Students are free to decorate their own living areas.
Students are free to determine the contents of Special studies in consultation with the supervisor.
Students are free to develop new concentrations around their particular interests.
Students are free to discuss homework problems with each other.
Students are free to discuss the comments and review form with faculty and other students.
Students are free to do units at other institutions under the provisions of advanced standing.
Students are free to do what they please.
Students are free to dress as they and their parents choose during non-school hours.
Students are free to drop by or to make a scheduled appointment.
Students are free to drop in for help at any time during that hour.
Students are free to drop in or call for an appointment.
Students are FREE to drop in with their questions.
Students are free to eat outside their homes at their own expense.
Students are free to emphasize any topic or problem touched on in the assigned reading for the week.
Students are free to engage in undirected discussion as they see fit.
Students are free to enroll in any elective or specialty course as long as prerequisites are met.
Students are free to explore a variety of mediums.
Students are free to explore and can record their final solutions on dot paper.
Students are free to explore and can request context-specific help at any time.
Students are free to express their beliefs through signs and symbols.
Students are free to express their religious beliefs through signs and symbols.
Students are free to find their own apartment through another agent.
Students are free to follow either, or both paths.
Students are free to form their own.
Students are free to frame the problem and investigate a solution to it.
Students are free to hang posters, pictures, etc.
Students are free to initiate threaded discussions if they wish.
Students are free to investigate several websites that are relevant to our course.
Students are free to join any organization that they wish.
Students are free to join clubs of widely varied interests and objectives.
Students are free to keep their copy of the exam.
Students are free to listen to the musical examples as many times as they like.
Students are free to make their own photocopies for study purposes.
Students are free to make their own travel and accommodation arrangements.
Students are free to make their own travel arrangements.
Students are free to mix specialisations or choose a variety of subjects for electives.
Students are free to move ahead to take modules.
Students are free to move at their on pace and rhythm regardless of physical limitations.
Students are free to move from group to group.
Students are free to organize and join associations to promote common interests.
Students are free to organize and join associations to promote their common interests.
Students are free to organize bible study or other special interest groups.
Students are free to perform to their ability in all areas.
Students are free to peruse or borrow the theses in the office.
Students are free to pick the package courses that best fit their schedules.
Students are free to pick up materials and talk with the representatives.
Students are free to practise any religion.
Students are free to pray and conduct other forms of religious activity among themselves.
Students are free to pray privately or at school.
Students are free to proceed at their own pace within the individual courses.
Students are free to propose topics.
Students are free to provide additional readings where necessary.
Students are free to publicize their production activities in any lawful manner they choose.
Students are free to pursue additional skills as class space and schedules allow.
Students are free to pursue independent travel following the program.
Students are free to pursue their education without fear of persecution.
Students are free to question or request further illustrations of topics being presented.
Students are free to question or request further illustrations on the topics presented.
Students are free to record any personal greeting for their callers, within reason.
Students are free to redo or correct work after each check point.
Students are free to request a faculty advisor of their choice or to request a change of advisor.
Students are free to request a faculty advisor of their choice, or to request a change of advisor.
Students are free to request assistance from any member of the faculty.
Students are free to research any topic, at any time they wish, in as much depth as they care to.
Students are free to research as far afield as they feel appropriate.
Students are free to return to the United States or continue with their own travel plans.
Students are free to schedule their own time in the laboratories except for a few restrictions.
Students are free to seek alternative housing.
Students are free to seek new advisors if their interests or the interests of their advisors change.
Students are free to seek out organizations and design new internships.
Students are free to select any argumentative method to analyze the rhetorical event.
Students are free to select any candidate they wish.
Students are free to select any lab to conduct their reserach.
Students are free to select any language and computer of their choice for the term project.
Students are free to select any of the listed courses as outside electives.
Students are free to select any on-campus faculty member or their program director as their adviser.
Students are free to select members of their special committees.
Students are free to select the faculty member and the area.
Students are free to select the sequence of the modules.
Students are free to select their other five courses based on their personal interests and goals.
Students are free to share and apply their cultural values in the school environment.
Students are free to sign up any of our classes.
Students are free to sit outside to read or to discuss their assignments with faculty members.
Students are free to smoke, drink, and do drugs with no repercussions.
Students are free to study at their own pace, regardless of location.
Students are free to study subjects in any order, depth or variety they can handle.
Students are free to sue the facilities on the main campus as well.
Students are free to swap teams.
Students are free to tailor their programs to their own research interests and career goals.
Students are free to take an unlimited number of self-study courses.
Students are free to take as few or many courses as they desire.
Students are free to take classes throughout the university.
Students are free to take courses in the order of their preference.
Students are free to take from one to over a dozen classes per week.
Students are free to take meals at any of the dining halls.
Students are free to take more than the required number of elective units.
Students are free to take only one or both semesters.
Students are free to take reasoned exception to the information or views offered in any course.
Students are free to take the initiative in forming groups on their own.
Students are free to tape the broadcasts.
Students are free to transfer between departments.
Students are free to transfer to any of the system's other four elementary schools.
Students are free to travel elsewhere on the three-day weekends.
Students are free to travel individually during the holiday and recess periods.
Students are free to travel on the weekends, but military students are required to sign a pass.
Students are free to travel where they wish on the weekend.
Students are free to use and explore any other software available in the labs.
Students are free to use any device with which they are familiar.
Students are free to use any public domain software to assist in the assignment.
Students are free to use any theme or subject matter.
Students are free to use e-mail for personal use.
Students are free to use or copy any material within for their individual educational purposes.
Students are free to use the chat room and listserv to communicate with each other.
Students are free to use the facilities on the main campus as well.
Students are free to use their meal stipends in the cafeterias or in local restaurants.
Students are free to use their own words to talk about their own personal events in their own way.
Students are free to use whatever recognised footnoting style they prefer.
Students are free to use whatever software package they choose for any given task.
Students are free to use whatever system and software is convenient.
Students are free to utilise any of the services on any campus.
Students are free to visit campus locations to inquire about possible job opportunities.
Students are free to volunteer as much or little detail about themselves as they wish.
Students are free to work at their own pace.
Students are free to work with a professor in their major, minor, or to do an elective.
Students are free to worship at off campus community churches.
Students are free to write on their copies of the examination.
Students are free within their hearts to pray in school.
Students are free, however, to make their own transportation arrangements if they prefer.
Students are free, however, to make their own travel arrangements.
Students are free.
Students are freely to express their comments, asking questions and exchanging ideas.
Students are frequent Web surfers, and their access to cyberspace is often free.
Students are frequently able to obtain internships while in Chile.
Students are frequently ill with annoying to miserable infections.
Students are frequently racist and inconsiderate when given the chance to be.
Students are frequently reluctant to draw diagrams.
Students are friendlier now and participate more.
Students are friendly, helpful, and social.
Students are friends and they are fun to be with and fun to challenge.
Students are from a wide range of socio-economic and ethnic backgrounds.
Students are from all area schools, public, private and parochial.
Students are from all states, DC, and over one hundred foreign countries.
Students are from Asia, Africa, Europe and Latin America and the Middle East.
Students are from both large universities and small colleges.
Students are from both military and civilian backgrounds and can be graduates or non-graduates.
Students are from countries all over the world with widely varying GNPs.
Students are from elementary through post graduate schools.
Students are from every county in the state, other states and foreign countries.
Students are from geographically diverse areas, cultures, and backgrounds.
Students are from many backgrounds.
Students are from many countries worldwide.
Students are from more than fourteen countries and over thirty denominations.
Students are from the U.S., Australia, Croatia, France, and Switzerland.
Students are from transition programs, high schools, middle schools, and elementary schools.
Students are from urban, suburban and rural areas.
Students are full participants in the regulation of school life.
Students are full partners in fostering a classroom environment which is conducive to learning.
Students are full partners in our efforts to cultivate wisdom through knowledge.
Students are full-time employees, entitled to the employer s normal benefits.
Students are fully aware of class procedures regarding setting up and putting away equipment.
Students are fully aware of the content and meaning of the grading rubric.
Students are fully engaged and on-task the maximum amount of time.
Students are fully responsible for all material presented or assigned in class.
Students are fully responsible for submission of essays.
Students are fully responsible for the condition of their textbooks.
Students are fully responsible for the integrity of submitted academic.
Students are fully responsible for using the correct examination number at each exam.
Students are fully responsible for work covered during their absence from class.
Students are fully responsible to acquire and upgrade their own virus software .
Students are furnished textbooks, uniforms and equipment.
Students are generally all over the map when it comes to decision-making.
Students are generally at the intermediate or advanced skill level.
Students are generally disappointed with the level of faculty-student interaction.
Students are generally familiar with the rules of the most popular game shows.
Students are generally from Southern California and go home on the weekends.
Students are generally high achievers who are highly motivated, with a strong career focus.
Students are generally interested in projects rooted in the real world.
Students are generally less wealthy and have less free time than the majority of the population.
Students are generally more enthusiastic to learn than professors.
Students are generally nicer to each other.
Students are generally on a first-name basis with both the faculty and staff.
Students are generally one absence per course credit.
Students are generally opposed to having to contribute financially to compulsory courses.
Students are generally pleased with academic advising.
Students are generally positive about the cooperative learning and say so.
Students are generally quite young, and they stay at the school anywhere from two years to a decade.
Students are generally responsible for paper and basic studio supplies listed on the syllabus.
Students are generally responsible for providing shoes and practice clothing.
Students are generally responsible for the additional cost of supplies.
Students are generally safer at school than anywhere else in the community.
Students are generally satisfied with school safety.
Students are generally satisfied.
Students are generally self funded.
Students are generally self-funded.
Students are generally successful once admitted into the nursing program.
Students are generally successful.
Students are generally unaware of our operation here until they show up for class.
Students are generally very interested in the progerias.
Students are generally very mobil.
Students are generally well-motivated.
Students are genuinely interested and enthusiastic about learning.
Students are gifts from above.
Students are given assignments, they work on projects, they meet deadlines.
Students are given magnetic key cards that do get lost, that are prone to be misplaced or stolen.
Students are given time to work on their reports.
Students are given two paper plates each.
Students are glad to be back on campus.
Students are goal oriented to earn ribbons, certificates, medals and trophies.
Students are goal oriented, parents are involved, and teachers are serious about their profession.
Students are going to do what they want, now they just have to hide it more.
Students are good at complaining about the problems on campus.
Students are good at exchanging their own ideas with each other or among the group members.
Students are good at keeping each other on track and suggesting improvements.
Students are good sources of cheap programmers.
Students are good workers, and they get the job done.
Students are grade on conduct performance, musicianship, and attendance at events.
Students are graded written exams, special projects and laboratory attendance and participation.
Students are graduate students from a wide variety of academic disciplines other than statistics.
Students are great and seem to enjoy their classes.
Students are great employees.
Students are great.
Students are grouped in cohorts and a faculty mentor is assigned to each cohort.
Students are guaranteed placement at their neighborhood school.
Students are guests in another person's culture, or home.
Students are half price.
Students are happier with the current meal plans.
Students are happier, too.
Students are happy and productive working on meaningful academic tasks.
Students are happy to give their opinions and be involved in their learning process.
Students are happy to have the opportunity to act once again in a show that was so well received.
Students are happy to see the shuttle making late-night runs.
Students are happy, stimulated, like their teachers, and perform well.
Students are happy.
Students are hard at work, and attendance is excellent.
Students are hard working and flexible in new environments. . . .
Students are having breakdowns, some leave.
Students are health professionals involved in the treatment or prevention of STIs.
Students are heavily involved with mathematics through the calculus level and with programming.
Students are heavy consumers of mass media.
Students are helped on a first come, first serve basis.
Students are helpless and hopeless.
Students are hence supportive of patenting as it implies money making.
Students are here eight hours a day, with nothing to drink but water.
Students are here for five or eleven months.
Students are here to be in contact with scholars.
Students are here to help, too.
Students are here to learn, and faculty are here to teach.
Students are here tonight to honor a man who is a symbol of better education and justice for all.
Students are hesitant to ask questions in front of a group.
Students are hesitant to assert their special needs.
Students are hesitant to spend money on nicotine replacement therapies.
Students are heterogeneously mixed into the general education population.
Students are high school and junior high school students.
Students are high school juniors, most of whom have lived in Japan all their lives.
Students are highest grade receivers.
Students are highly active in the campus recreation program on campus.
Students are highly capable people.
Students are highly competitive on a national basis.
Students are highly displeased with academic advising.
Students are highly enthusiastic about writing software to control a model train layout.
Students are highly involved on campus and within their educational program.
Students are highly motivated adults who draw on life experience to enhance their studies.
Students are highly motivated if they are assigned homework that they can share with their parents.
Students are highly motivated to make appropriate choices.
Students are highly motivated to stand up in front of a group and present a topic.
Students are highly motivated to work within a group.
Students are highly motivated, and continually ask for more activities to be added to the unit.
Students are highly motivated, productive, and dependable workers.
Students are highly motivated, self starting and persistent.
Students are highly motivated.
Students are highly supervised and required to wear safety equipment.
Students are highly transitional much more than advisors at times.
Students are high-quality employees, who often are able to work varied schedules.
Students are home schooled and, together with a parent, meet weekly with their teachers.
Students are home-schooled through correspondence study.
Students are honest about what they are seeing in our society.
Students are honorable and trustworthy persons.
Students are hopeful and busily planning their future careers.
Students are horrible at giving directions.
Students are however extremely worried about the laws outcomes.
Students are human.
Students are hungrier for knowledge.
Students are hungry for that.
Students are hungry for the opportunity to experience a healthcare career exploration.
Students are ideal, because they're young, healthy and the quality of eggs is good.
Students are ill or injured.
Students are ill-prepared to carry out work that is a required part of a portfolio.
Students are ill-prepared to tackle such a difficult course.
Students are important advocates for keeping tuition costs down and ensuring quality education.
Students are important in the sociology department.
Students are in a better position than any time in the past thirty years.
Students are in a clinical setting, held in a local elementary school.
Students are in a particularly vulnerable situation while at public schools.
Students are in a phase of development in which they're becoming adults.
Students are in a teaching institution and have responsibilities other than patient care.
Students are in advisories but each has an individual schedule without the team structure.
Students are in an active rather than passive learning mode.
Students are in an age appropriate adult setting with access to all vocational programs and classes.
Students are in charge of checking the recording of their grades.
Students are in charge of developing the information that they learn in school.
Students are in charge of presenting their own projects for debate.
Students are in charge of promotion, education and fundraising within their own schools.
Students are in charge of the school newspaper.
Students are in charge of time and it is their responsibility to be in their correct place.
Students are in class about twelve to fourteen weekends per year and classes are held all year long.
Students are in class for four hours of class per day, plus labs and a host of cultural activities.
Students are in class one to three nights per week.
Students are in class year round.
Students are in classes with their Czech counterparts as well as other international students.
Students are in cohorts in which they all take the same first three periods.
Students are in competition only with the dancer they uniquely have the potential to become.
Students are in competition.
Students are in contact with the people on a boat which is sailing around the world.
Students are in context rich environments and they are involved in natural language.
Students are in control of the meeting and the agenda.
Students are in control of their own learning.
Students are in demand for high-tech jobs with incredible salaries.
Students are in direct and continuing contact with active professional advisory groups.
Students are in effect learning about the ideas that dominate our societies.
Students are in effect modeling the role of author, scholar, and scientist.
Students are in eighth through twelfth grade and have a wide range of math skills.
Students are in favor of the increase.
Students are in fourth grade.
Students are in full production using all the equipment in the studio.
Students are in full swing in spelling.
Students are in general accepted from throughout the country.
Students are in great demand for appointment and fill-in preaching.
Students are in groups of four with specific information each student needs to get from the video.
Students are in groups with four to eight other simiilar readers.
Students are in heterogeneous groups.
Students are in lab practicing the use of adhesives on plastic repairs.
Students are in multi-aged groups based on interests, needs, and developmental levels.
Students are in no way limited to or restricted by the following examples.
Students are in one class all day, they have recess and a lunch.
Students are in residence from Mexico, Nigeria, Indonesia, and Saudi Arabia.
Students are in school .
Students are in school for more reasons then learning academics.
Students are in school for more than to learn academics.
Students are in school part of the day and on the job the rest of the day.
Students are in school the same number of days as their counterparts in traditional schools.
Students are in school to be inspired rather than be deflated.
Students are in school to gain knowledge, and knowledge of all types.
Students are in school.
Students are in self-contained homerooms for language arts.
Students are in serious trouble most of the time, of which they have little.
Students are in short supply at a time when job opportunities abound.
Students are in summer school voluntarily.
Students are in teams.
Students are in the field two days per week.
Students are in the lab for a rotation period of six weeks.
Students are in the library checking out books to read.
Students are in the midst of figuring out who they are, where they want to go.
Students are in the mood now.
Students are in the practicum five days per week in the final semester of their senior year.
Students are in the process of constructing a city water system .
Students are in the process of forming a chapter in Salem.
Students are in the process of making the transition from arithmetic to algebra.
Students are in the process of signing up for spring sports.
Students are in the role of an active participant in a realistic task of event.
Students are in the white building for lunch, phys.
Students are in their field placements for two days per week for three terms.
Students are in training programs to develop entry-level skills in the industrial area.
Students are in transition to adulthood.
Students are in tune with tradition, but they are also plugged into the Internet.
Students are in turn given the opportunity to experience the making of ballets first hand.
Students are inately interested in oceanography.
Students are increasingly comfortable with distance learning technologies.
Students are increasingly concerned about the state of the world they are inheriting.
Students are increasingly interested in internship opportunities.
Students are incredibly creative, and logical thinking is imperative to creating a good game.
Students are incredibly important.
Students are independent and self-directed adults with clear educational and career goals.
Students are independent learners.
Students are individually accountable for learning and participation.
Students are individually accountable or responsible for their work or learning.
Students are individually responsible for all items posted within each module.
Students are individually responsible for all items presented during each class and lab.
Students are individually responsible for all items presented during each class.
Students are individually responsible for all other costs.
Students are individually responsible for being able to solve all problems assigned.
Students are individually responsible for equipment lost or damaged.
Students are individually responsible for tuition and fees for the summer sessions.
Students are individually responsible to arrange hours and payment with tutors.
Students are individuals and each has preferred methods of study.
Students are individuals and have varying strengths, interests, and personalities.
Students are individuals with unique learning styles, abilities, and talents.
Students are individuals without teacher certification.
Students are individuals, with problems and personalities never to be ignored.
Students are individuals.
Students are indiviually responsible for their actions under municipal, state, and federal laws.
Students are ineligble.
Students are ineligible to register for future semesters.
Students are inexpensive to hire and there usually is a large pool from which to draw applicants.
Students are innocent until proven guilty via the appropriate hearing process.
Students are inquisitive.
Students are insensitive to cognitive levels and feelings of others.
Students are integral part of the team.
Students are integrated into the local community and campus facilities are 'state of the art'.
Students are intelligent and have a desire to learn.
Students are intelligent enough to understand the principle of sportsmanship.
Students are interactive learners rather than passive spectators.
Students are interactive partners with professors in shaping the learning process.
Students are interested because content is participatory and relevant.
Students are interested because they become actively involved.
Students are interested because they think TV and movies are glamorous.
Students are interested in a wide variety of hosting situations.
Students are interested in all three.
Students are interested in and affected by how teachers spend their leisure time.
Students are interested in and aware of the sun, moon, planets, stars, and other objects in the sky.
Students are interested in another area of specialization and greater variety in the curriculum.
Students are interested in applying to doctoral programs in History.
Students are interested in attending for informational and networking reasons.
Students are interested in becoming more interculturally competent for the global workplace.
Students are interested in check writing, and the idea of having their own checking account.
Students are interested in coming to school.
Students are interested in courses about insurance, practice management and financial investment.
Students are interested in creating a range of things, from home pages to ecommerce sites.
Students are interested in environmental and development projects.
Students are interested in events related to thesis ideas and developing abstracts.
Students are interested in jobs and what they have to take for certain majors.
Students are interested in learning and willing to take chances.
Students are interested in learning more about other people and other cultures.
Students are interested in learning more about wetlands and the aquatic life they support.
Students are interested in personal impressions as well as knowledge of the occupation.
Students are interested in rockets.
Students are interested in summer jobs and permanent positions in the federal government.
Students are interested in taking college courses for a variety of reasons.
Students are interested in the prospects of renting.
Students are interested in thinking about architecture.
Students are interested in using technology to learn.
Students are interested in using their Palms to keep on top of due dates and grades.
Students are interested to determine their skills, eligibility and interests.
Students are interesting in a moment of cultural exchange.
Students are interviewees as well as interviewers, clients and witnesses as well as attorneys.
Students are introduced to matter by using their five senses to identify matter.
Students are introduced to the concept of different kinds of matter.
Students are introduced to the concept of genetic engineering.
Students are introduced to the concepts of seasonal change, adaptations and habitats.
Students are introduces to the management of organizations that deliver health services.
Students are issue oriented and desire change.
Students are jerks.
Students are jointly responsible for care of public areas and equipment.
Students are joyous learners as they are encouraged to integrate the material into their lives.
Students are just as cruel.
Students are just as divided on the issue as the political and historical experts.
Students are just children.
Students are justified in cheating if the instructor s grading system is unfair.
Students are keen to learn and they are more than happy to use innovative tools for their study.
Students are key planners for liturgies and worship experiences.
Students are key supporters at athletic events.
Students are late to their classes due to the often slow and tardy shuttles.
Students are lead through the steps in researching and then presenting a speech on their topic.
Students are leaders in all areas of school life and inspire and enthuse their peers by example.
Students are leaders in university and community affairs.
Students are least likely to use the Internet for building Web pages or reading newsgroups.
Students are less afraid to write.
Students are less and less willing to pay the high prices charged for four-color, illustrated texts.
Students are less constrained by software today and better able to create anything they can imagine.
Students are less idealistic, more vocationally oriented, than ever.
Students are less impulsive and utilize better decision-making skills.
Students are less intimidated by student mentors.
Students are less intimidated in a one to one learning situation.
Students are less likely than in the past to have shared a room before coming to college.
Students are less likely to be intimidated or embarrassed when asked to participate.
Students are less likely to be taught by highly trained writing experts.
Students are less likely to borrow if it is inconvenient to do so.
Students are less likely to dispute scores.
Students are less likely to identify with a faculty member.
Students are less positive about academic advising, other student services, and fiscal issues.
Students are less reluctant to exhibit leadership where adult support is strongly given.
Students are less squeamish about handling crickets.
Students are liable for actions that constitute academic misconduct .
Students are liable for all bank charges.
Students are liable for all charges applicable at the time of withdrawal.
Students are liable for all collection charges.
Students are liable for any damage that occurs in the room during the scheduled time slot.
Students are liable for any damage to the rooms.
Students are liable for damage or loss of school property.
Students are liable for damage or removal costs.
Students are liable for full tuition payment.
Students are liable for the full cost of instruction.
Students are liable for the remaining payments.
Students are liable for tuition and fees in accordance with the published refund policy.
Students are liable for tuition penalties if withdrawal occurs after semester classes begin.
Students are lifelong learners.
Students are like a sponge ready to soak up water.
Students are like flowers and the classroom is like a garden.
Students are like flowers, sometimes they bloom and sometimes they wilt.
Students are like shareholders.
Students are likely to arrive at college already knowing it.
Students are likely to be asked to discuss a book by a cook, custodian, or principal.
Students are likely to come up with their own questions related to the topics.
Students are likely to do well in academics.
Students are likely to do well in their studies.
Students are likely to do well.
Students are likely to fare well academically.
Students are likely to find sites that even the instructor never knew existed.
Students are likely to have included mostly household uses of water.
Students are likely to learn more, understand it better and retain it longer.
Students are likely to refer to themselves and the nations by common yet inappropriate terms.
Students are likely to request a formal SRAE, student rating of advising effectiveness.
Students are likely to run up their cards.
Students are likewise able to test a variety of specimens in a short period of time.
Students are likewise responsible for filing required records at scheduled times.
Students are likewise responsible for taking any exams and quizzes when they are scheduled.
Students are likewise well catered for.
Students are limited to borrowing five interlibrary loan items per semester.
Students are limited to borrowing three videos at a time.
Students are limited to checking out two books at a time.
Students are limited to eight books out at one time.
Students are limited to eight semesters of scholarship eligibility.
Students are limited to enrolling in lower-level courses.
Students are limited to FIVE requests per day, and all requests are subject to approval.
Students are limited to four letters for publication per semester.
Students are limited to four years of competition within five years of eligibility.
Students are limited to library and classroom viewing.
Students are limited to nine credit hours.
Students are limited to no more than one independent study project in any academic year.
Students are limited to one additional course with the final undergraduate internship.
Students are limited to one additional ticket.
Students are limited to one application per calender year for new projects.
Students are limited to one attempted credit by exam per course.
Students are limited to one attempted credit for prior learning per course.
Students are limited to one consultation per day, with a maximum of three consultations per week.
Students are limited to one course at any one level noted below.
Students are limited to one course per semester at another college.
Students are limited to one course per semester.
Students are limited to one directed study course per semester.
Students are limited to one emergency loan per semester.
Students are limited to one entry.
Students are limited to one grant per degree.
Students are limited to one guest per event.
Students are limited to one half-hour appointment per day and two appointments per week.
Students are limited to one hour of computer use.
Students are limited to one independent study per semester.
Students are limited to one individual research unit.
Students are limited to one internship opportunity.
Students are limited to ONE locker only.
Students are limited to one or two semesters abroad but prior to senior year.
Students are limited to one petition for readmission.
Students are limited to one practicum per semester.
Students are limited to one printout per document.
Students are limited to one prize per contest.
Students are limited to one question per day.
Students are limited to one regular appointment per week.
Students are limited to one short-term loan at a time.
Students are limited to one short-term loan per semester.
Students are limited to one submission per competition.
Students are limited to one such grant per year.
Students are limited to one ticket apiece.
Students are limited to one tutorial per day.
Students are limited to one year of eligibility in each division.
Students are limited to semester sponsoring only.
Students are limited to six hours per semester.
Students are limited to six hours per week of tutoring.
Students are limited to studying one module at a time and two per block.
Students are limited to the use of that specific account number.
Students are limited to three classes unless fully matriculated.
Students are limited to three consultations per writing assignment.
Students are limited to three credits per one semester and a total of four credits.
Students are limited to three jobs on campus .
Students are limited to twelve units of directed study per discipline.
Students are limited to two attempts of each comprehensive exam.
Students are limited to two attempts on each of the exams.
Students are limited to two attempts to take a course in the academic career.
Students are limited to two books at a time for a two week period.
Students are limited to two candidacy reviews.
Students are limited to two college courses per semester.
Students are limited to two copies a piece of any one handout at free handout day.
Students are limited to two courses per school year.
Students are limited to two credits per semester and a total of four credits.
Students are limited to two double-spaced pages for the written evaluation of the article.
Students are limited to two independent study classes during their tenure.
Students are limited to two library research passes per week.
Students are limited to two minors.
Students are limited to two such petitions during the course of their programs.
Students are limited to two trimesters.
Students are lined up according to school area, followed by department.
Students are listed by their alias in a random order, so privacy is maintained.
Students are literally on their own to learn the material.
Students are located in bars.
Students are located in beds.
Students are located in classrooms.
Students are located in colleges.
Students are located in desks.
Students are located in libraries.
Students are located in pubs.
Students are located in schools.
Students are located in universities.
Students are lucky if they even hear the word.
Students are mad because they can t express themselves at school anymore.
Students are mannerable and friendly.
Students are marvelously swift learners.
Students are mature and highly motivated and have diverse interests, backgrounds and vocations.
Students are mature enough to make and live with their own personal choices.
Students are mature executives with a wide variety of backgrounds.
Students are members of a working project team.
Students are members of an interactive, supportive learning community.
Students are members of council.
Students are members of families.
Students are members of house crew and are experienced.
Students are members of nationally funded research groups.
Students are members of selected nursing faculty organization committees.
Students are mentally active in lab and are excited by their experience.
Students are mentored and later become mentors.
Students are military, civilian and foreign nationals.
Students are more accepting of diversity.
Students are more active and therefore are more likely to learn.
Students are more active in sports as the weather is warmer.
Students are more active in the learning process online.
Students are more alert and awake during their first period.
Students are more and more taking an 'and' philosophy instead of an 'or' philosophy.
Students are more attentive and much more productive.
Students are more attentive if they are actively involved in a task or interested.
Students are more attentive in the computer lab than they are in a traditional classroom.
Students are more attentive when they are asked to actively participate in the class.
Students are more aware that the possibility for carnage exists on any school campus.
Students are more colleagues than pupils.
Students are more comfortable with less direct supervision by the occupational therapist.
Students are more computer literate.
Students are more concerned about their reading days being protected.
Students are more concerned with avoiding the unforgivable common cold.
Students are more concerned with prospective careers than ever before.
Students are more confident and willing to read.
Students are more conservative now and more vocationally oriented.
Students are more conservative today.
Students are more diverse.
Students are more eager to search materials on the computer than on a paper-based catalog.
Students are more easily able to grasp knowledge of other cultures, and their traditions.
Students are more easily able to identify with someone their own age.
Students are more efficient at spreading understanding than teachers.
Students are more engaged learners.
Students are more engaged when the instructor participates in the session.
Students are more enticed to get involved by the chance of winning a prize.
Students are more excited about learning and showing what they learned.
Students are more familiar with lecture-driven teaching and seem more comfortable with it.
Students are more focused and engaged in lessons and classroom behavior improves.
Students are more focused on completing their degree faster.
Students are more focused, participate more fully, and have better retention.
Students are more free to take risks and explore.
Students are more frequently crime victims than faculty or staff.
Students are more frightened to take chances today.
Students are more in charge of their futures.
Students are more independent in an online course.
Students are more interested in individual counseling sessions than group sessions.
Students are more interested in people than things.
Students are more interested in technology and participating in the global economy.
Students are more intrigued by experiencing than by understanding.
Students are more intrinsically than extrinsically motivated.
Students are more involved and committed to the class.
Students are more involved in the construction of knowledge through active involvement.
Students are more involved in their own growth.
Students are more involved.
Students are more likely to ask questions.
Students are more likely to be able to understand the big picture.
Students are more likely to be candid about what it's really like on campus.
Students are more likely to be enthusiastic when their instructors are.
Students are more likely to be interested in topics that have relevance to their lives.
Students are more likely to be sick during exam periods than during other times of the semester.
Students are more likely to become involved when they discuss what they have read in their groups.
Students are more likely to buy into the program because they direct it.
Students are more likely to cause problems if they are anonymous in the classroom.
Students are more likely to cheat if they perceive that the campus culture tolerates cheating.
Students are more likely to feel nurtured and to feel part of a community.
Students are more likely to follow rules that they helped to establish.
Students are more likely to have difficulty making the summary short enough rather than long enough.
Students are more likely to identify with same-sex students.
Students are more likely to just have faulty study methods.
Students are more likely to learn from each other than from a teacher.
Students are more likely to meet standards if they are given positive incentives.
Students are more likely to participate in activities.
Students are more likely to pay a fee through tuition than pay money in cash.
Students are more likely to prefer concrete subjects and active methods of learning.
Students are more likely to question answers their colleagues made up.
Students are more likely to receive first choice schedules if they are returned promptly.
Students are more likely to recycle if the bins are in a convenient location.
Students are more likely to remember concepts with movement accompanies their learning.
Students are more likely to remember information with in an entertaining way.
Students are more likely to remember what they have done even on video or computer.
Students are more likely to return a neat edition if their names are on it.
Students are more likely to say they live to far from campus.
Students are more likely to see a show about an alien, than about an engineer.
Students are more likely to show depth of knowledge when conversing with others.
Students are more likely to show up.
Students are more likely to speak about the outcome as getting an education and being educated.
Students are more likely to stay at a university where they've had a freshmen seminar experience.
Students are more likely to stay in school when they see hope for their future.
Students are more likely to stay in school when they see how learning relates to their futures.
Students are more likely to succeed in life when given opportunities.
Students are more likely to succeed when they feel connected to the school and the learning process.
Students are more likely to succeed when they see a purpose to their studies.
Students are more likely to understand communication as a social, rather than a solitary, act.
Students are more likely to use alcohol or other drugs at a friend's house in the evening.
Students are more likely to use both fiction and nonfiction learning resources.
Students are more likely to wear a uniform they think is attractive than one they hate.
Students are more modest needing to leave only their splayed footprints along the shore of the page.
Students are more motivated and are producing twice the amount of work.
Students are more motivated and focused on finishing school.
Students are more motivated and learning progress has improved.
Students are more motivated and more confident in doing science and mathematics.
Students are more motivated and more confident in doing science.
Students are more motivated because they actively participate and share their experiences.
Students are more motivated if the instructor demonstrates an interest in the program by attending.
Students are more motivated to learn if they believe the material is relevant.
Students are more motivated to learn mathematics and are more self-confident in doing mathematics.
Students are more motivated to learn when learning is fun and interesting.
Students are more motivated to learn when they have a meaningful stake in what's going on.
Students are more motivated when projects present challenges.
Students are more motivated when technology is involved.
Students are more motivated when their research assignments and library instruction coincide.
Students are more motivated when they are engaged with what they are learning.
Students are more personal when it comes to music.
Students are more pessimistic than faculty in their evaluations of the comp.
Students are more poorly prepared in basic non-computer art skills.
Students are more productive learners.
Students are more productive.
Students are more responsible and willing to participate in horticultural activities.
Students are more responsible for their level of performance.
Students are more responsible for their own academic success.
Students are more selective, critical, and evaluative in their copying.
Students are more streetwise and parents watch too much television.
Students are more successful in less time with an electronic catalog.
Students are more successful when they feel connected and capable in school.
Students are more susceptible to a depressed mood, feeling down.
Students are more tenacious when they are working on a problem.
Students are more than just a number.
Students are more than our primary clients.
Students are more than ready for technology.
Students are more than twice as likely to encounter serious violent crime while out of school.
Students are more than welcome to bring in their own questions, ideas, and materials.
Students are more than welcome to finish their course as soon as they like.
Students are more than welcome to voice their preferences.
Students are more violent than they used to be.
Students are more willing to at least undertake discussion of the problem and see the problem fixed.
Students are more willing to do assignments they consider useful.
Students are more willing to share writing samples with other students.
Students are more willing to tackle tasks if they believe they can be successful.
Students are more willing to take a nicely put-together plate.
Students are more willing to try to figure things out.
Students are more willing to work on a computer that to do repetitive worksheets.
Students are more willing to write, and they can produce writing that is carefully crafted.
Students are more willing to write.
Students are most at risk of dropping out during their first year.
Students are most definitely concerned with academic integrity.
Students are most engaged in learning when it is interactive.
Students are most likely to receive funding if they score high on all three dimensions.
Students are most likely to require remedial math instruction.
Students are most likely to share such personal information with PTs, within supervision.
Students are most likely to think about their subjects when asked to write and speak.
Students are most motivated to learn at the beginning of the school year.
Students are most receptive when an assignment is given with a required research component.
Students are most welcome to arrange an informal visit to the department.
Students are most welcome to attend, and to offer papers or suggest visiting speakers.
Students are most welcome to attend.
Students are mostly college age with some working people and high school students.
Students are motivated and ask when they are going to read or write.
Students are motivated and demonstrate interest and enthusiasm in learning.
Students are motivated and exhibit an initiative for learning.
Students are motivated and stay interested in topics for longer periods of time.
Students are motivated participants in the world of ideas, concepts and values.
Students are motivated, they learn more, even their reading skills improve.
Students are motivated, well-qualified and supported by their university and college faculty.
Students are much better at operating the toy than teachers.
Students are much better covered.
Students are much happier both with their class schedules and life in high school in general.
Students are much less inhibited when talking with a puppet, and their motivation is enhanced.
Students are much less likely to drop out or encounter violence.
Students are much more actively engaged.
Students are much more aware of the hazards of drunk driving, and they're more open to treatment.
Students are much more aware of the issues they're protesting against.
Students are much more demanding.
Students are much more focused on mastering the skills that are included on the tests.
Students are much more forgiving when told up front that they are being involved in a pilot project.
Students are much more interested and engaged, thus more likely to remember lessons learned.
Students are much more likely to actively participate in the learning process if they feel valued.
Students are much more likely to get the courses and schedules they want if they register early.
Students are much more likely to participate if their schools require and arrange the service.
Students are much more responsible for their learning.
Students are much safer and more professional today.
Students are naive about job searching in general and the expectations of companies in particular.
Students are naive if they think that as well.
Students are natural entrepreneurs.
Students are naturally curious about their surroundings.
Students are naturally curious about what makes the body tick.
Students are naturally in tune to the rhythms of college life.
Students are naturally inquisitive.
Students are nearly unanimous in identifying the actions of the most highly valued teachers.
Students are neither products nor customers.
Students are neither stupid nor particularly naive.
Students are never bored in Barcelona.
Students are never far from their comrades, yet it's never difficult to find new people.
Students are never in harm's way.
Students are never more than a few steps away from nature.
Students are never on the net except under direct supervision.
Students are never tired.
Students are never to access another person's e-mail account or network account.
Students are never to be left unattended in the computer labs.
Students are never to be working at a command prompt.
Students are never to carry or keep medication in their desks or lockers during school.
Students are never too old to improve their literacy skills.
Students are never too young to be taught anger management and conflict resolution.
Students are never too young to learn about and practice equality, respect, and tolerance.
Students are new to the community.
Students are newly hired employees of local correctional facilities.
Students are no different than lawyers or bureaucrats.
Students are no doubt glad that they are over.
Students are no exception.
Students are no longer eligible for aid from the state.
Students are no longer interchangeable among programs.
Students are no longer passive recipients of knowledge.
Students are no longer reliant upon their teachers to be the sole information givers.
Students are no longer the only targets in underage alcohol consumption in Pierce County.
Students are nominate by campus organizations and faculty to take part in the day-long program.
Students are non-immigrant students.
Students are non-science majors.
Students are non-voting members.
Students are normally able to submit their answers online.
Students are normally eligible for eight semesters.
Students are normally eligible for grant assistance for the first four years of university study.
Students are normally eligible for only one attempt at the exam.
Students are normally short on money and have to do their browsing on a budget.
Students are notorious for procrastinating or just doing homework late at night.
Students are notorious for socializing predominantly in small groups or cliques.
Students are notoriously reluctant to report harassment.
Students are now able to become active rather then passive learners.
Students are now able to conduct their research and type their papers in one location.
Students are now able to hear spoken directions in the new programs.
Students are now able to look for information online through our web page.
Students are now able to register for and take Northeastern courses on-line via the Internet.
Students are now able to register for classes on the web .
Students are now able to review their lab assignments the same way that exams can be reviewed.
Students are now able to use computers for their daily instruction and have been doing so.
Students are now able to use their creativity and ingenuity to pursue Latin related projects.
Students are now able to use their meal cards to purchase drinks at the coffeehouse.
Students are now also less likely to engage in such risky behaviors as fighting and weapon carrying.
Students are now at work designing and building a new car for upcoming events.
Students are now comfortable with the change and they re coming back to class.
Students are now customers.
Students are now free to add other shapes, particularly ones which repeat.
Students are now free.
Students are now in a real classroom environment on the Internet.
Students are now in an age where education extends far beyond the traditional classroom.
Students are now in classes for the second year at other Omaha sites.
Students are now in control of when and where they get their learning material.
Students are now in high school.
Students are now in other parts of the builing.
Students are now in the note-taking phase of the research report.
Students are now in the process of choosing which of the three papers to revise.
Students are now in the process of signing up for next year s courses.
Students are now ready for part two of the exercise where they can apply semiotic concepts.
Students are now ready for the trial.
Students are now ready to begin researching for their reporting.
Students are now ready to begin the keyboarding lessons.
Students are now ready to begin the lab.
Students are now ready to begin the task.
Students are now ready to complete the project listed below.
Students are now ready to conduct the survey.
Students are now ready to consider in-depth an indicator of wealth in the Humboldt County region.
Students are now ready to create the actual game board and accompanying decks of cards.
Students are now ready to decipher the activity message.
Students are now ready to dissect the eye.
Students are now ready to do the activity.
Students are now ready to enter the workforce.
Students are now ready to gather their materials and perform the activity.
Students are now ready to look at a couple of images and answer the questions on the handout.
Students are now ready to perform the following experiments to prove their theories.
Students are now ready to plot basic symbols which represent the amount of sky cover.
Students are now ready to proceed with the dissertation research.
Students are now ready to read other pieces of historical fiction.
Students are now ready to take a closer look at the network of communities in Humboldt County.
Students are now ready to use the tools to create a drawing of their plants.
Students are now ready to use their understanding of multiplication to explore number patterns.
Students are now responsible for larger chunks of nightly reading.
Students are now well under way to creating their own inventions.
Students are now with their groups.
Students are obviously different.
Students are obviously the best source for that kind of information.
Students are obviously the same world-wide .
Students are of all ages and come from all walks of life.
Students are of all ages and from many countries.
Students are of all ages, and many are working professionals.
Students are of all ages, and most are working professionals.
Students are of course responsible for everything that goes on in class.
Students are of different races, genders, religions and income status.
Students are of high quality.
Students are off the bench too.
Students are off to a great start and have already made excellent progress.
Students are off to a very strong start.
Students are off.
Students are offerred a wide range of choice in assignments and written work.
Students are often a valuable source of information regarding campus crime.
Students are often able to borrow needed materials through their nearby libraries.
Students are often able to obtain discounted admission to events.
Students are often able to recognize more spoken words than they are able to read.
Students are often afraid of replicating previous research.
Students are often ahead of faculty when it comes to electronic communication.
Students are often amazed at the beauty of the region.
Students are often amazed when they discover the different ways that languages can express ideas.
Students are often anxious to practice their English with a foreign friend.
Students are often apathetic.
Students are often baffled and disturbed by an attitude taken by some enquirers.
Students are often competitive and individualistic.
Students are often confused on where to go for computing support and services.
Students are often curious about the size, duration, make-up, and focus of a therapy group.
Students are often disappointed with the wholesale value of their texts.
Students are often eager to share what they already know.
Students are often embarrassed and humiliated to be involved in sexual harassment incidents.
Students are often embarrassed to admit that they have difficulty completing the assigned reacting.
Students are often fearful regarding mathematics.
Students are often great sources of information and materials regarding the region's history.
Students are often guaranteed employment with the company upon graduation from the college.
Students are often hesitant or reluctant to leave.
Students are often ill prepared, and science, math and techno-phobic.
Students are often in denial.
Students are often in the dark about the places that offer internships.
Students are often interested in environmental work.
Students are often interested in knowing about related fields.
Students are often interested in speaking to alumni about a specific interest.
Students are often interested in their professor s work outside the confines of the classroom.
Students are often lax when it comes to getting normal screenings.
Students are often minimally active during physical education class time.
Students are often more aware of disfunctional lives than faculty members can be.
Students are often more effective at teaching each other than are teachers teaching students.
Students are often more receptive to their peers.
Students are often more responsive to rules they helped create.
Students are often on a first-name basis with their teachers.
Students are often out of their area without permission and are disruptive to the class.
Students are often part of new-knowledge creation through their own research projects.
Students are often pleased to discover that their best is better than they ever thought possible.
Students are often recipients of instruction rather than active participants in learning.
Students are often reluctant to ask a library staff member for help.
Students are often reluctant to engage with the material.
Students are often reluctant to practice using characterizations.
Students are often reluctant to talk with a stranger about their academic problems.
Students are often reluctant to talk with a stranger, even another student, about academic problems.
Students are often satisfied to 'get through' a course.
Students are often skeptical about non-students who hang out at the bus terminal and ride the buses.
Students are often so busy, in fact, that their schedules dictate company policy.
Students are often surprised at how time consuming and labor intensive it is to make sculpture.
Students are often surprised by the amount of work required to prepare a lesson.
Students are often surprised that the chakras exist in the Native American traditions.
Students are often surprised to find that even though they hate math, they quite like logic.
Students are often the basis for change.
Students are often the first at their school to initiate an anti-slavery campaign.
Students are often the most receptive to change.
Students are often the ones doing the teaching.
Students are often to 'boxed in' and they know little about their lab partners.
Students are often unable to continue in art education because of financial considerations.
Students are often unable to understand what justice means when conflicts are resolved.
Students are often unaware of how the world is connected.
Students are often unaware of time-how long it takes to do a task, time passage during tasks, etc.
Students are often uncertain about what they can do with a degree in sociology.
Students are often uneasy about following through with a referral.
Students are often unsure when to use capital letters.
Students are often unsure whether to include their class ranks and grade point averages.
Students are often very hard on themselves.
Students are often very optimistic in terms of the time needed to carry out certain tasks.
Students are often wary of taking compressed courses also.
Students are older, more are part timers, working, and taking classes in different settings.
Students are on a first-name basis with faculty and participate at all levels of activity.
Students are on a quarterly profit sharing plan, so that they have the potential to earn a salary.
Students are on a seven-period day beginning each morning with daily announcements.
Students are on an activity schedule today for a pep rally.
Students are on call by pager on a schedule that includes some overnight periods.
Students are on call one night per week.
Students are on call to report for emergency procedures as they arise.
Students are on campus during the academic year, then gone for three to four months.
Students are on campus for four years, faculty and staff for perhaps three or four decades at most.
Students are on campus just five weeks per term.
Students are on club schedule today.
Students are on duty during all practices, home games, and special events.
Students are on duty each period of the day.
Students are on line a few times a week in the two classes.
Students are on line for lunch.
Students are on semester break.
Students are on strike.
Students are on task as the project develops.
Students are on task for a longer time and have been more motivated.
Students are on the move now, thanks to the tutoring program.
Students are on the web looking for an easy way to shop for loans.
Students are on their honor to do their own work unless they have been instructed to work in groups.
Students are on their honor to submit only hours served.
Students are on their own for dinner at park restaurants.
Students are on their own for lunch and are encouraged to bring a sack lunch.
Students are on their own for lunches, shopping and free-time activities.
Students are on their own to learn about the city and absorb the culture, history, art, etc.
Students are on their way.
Students are on vacation, making the clean up easier.
Students are on-air talent for each show.
Students are one of our most underused resources.
Students are one of the major joys and greatest benefits of college teaching.
Students are online to the internet with their laptop computers during class.
Students are only able to hear the questions and answers.
Students are only able to see their own results.
Students are only conditionally registered until the request for deferment is approved.
Students are only delinguent after the term ends.
Students are only eligible for accommodation on the campus where they study.
Students are only eligible for only one academic scholarship.
Students are only eligible for the scholarship for their first two years of college.
Students are only eligible to attend the public school within the district where they reside.
Students are only eligible to register for classes after the application process has been completed.
Students are only marked present if they are participating in the activity.
Students are only minimally aware of the discounts offered.
Students are only reclassified at the beginning of each school year.
Students are only responsible for scheduling their transportation to Europe and back home.
Students are only responsible for the cost of books and teaching materials.
Students are only responsible for transportation and other minor fees.
Students are only students for a few years, which is a challenge to student influence.
Students are only with their project during the judging time.
Students are open-minded and willing to change their minds.
Students are optimistic about the possibilities for the head coaching position.
Students are otherwise free to choose whatever they wish to make up their concentration.
Students are our agenda.
Students are our community's economic base and future.
Students are our customers.
Students are our first priority .
Students are our first priority.
Students are our first responsibility.
Students are our focal point.
Students are our future engineers, professors and scientists.
Students are our future leaders.
Students are our greatest resource.
Students are our highest priority.
Students are our major focus.
Students are our most precious resource.
Students are our most underutilized resource.
Students are our most valued resource.
Students are our number one priority.
Students are our only lending business.
Students are our primary client.
Students are our primary concern and ultimate customers.
Students are our primary consumers.
Students are our primary focus and the ultimate beneficiaries of our services.
Students are our principal product.
Students are our specialty, and our goal is to promote healthy lifestyles.
Students are our thing.
Students are our top priority and most important asset.
Students are our top priority.
Students are outraged.
Students are outside because it's lunchtime.
Students are outside exploring, sensing, reflecting, creating, writing, drawing, and painting.
Students are overall happy with the quality of the education they are getting.
Students are overwhelmed.
Students are paleontologists whose task is to dig for fossils as clues to prehistoric life.
Students are part of a child-centered environment.
Students are part of a class that is accustomed to oral presentation in class settings.
Students are part of a class that is generally familiar with literary interpretation.
Students are part of a class that is generally familier with group work.
Students are part of a close-knit group that eases the transition from middle school to high school.
Students are part of a cohort and enroll in one unit of coursework per semester.
Students are part of a community which provides opportunities and challenges.
Students are part of a small weekly seminar group that meets with the academic advisor.
Students are part of a society that is global in character and culturally plural.
Students are part of a warm, total environment for individual education.
Students are part of classes.
Students are part of our team, too.
Students are part of the learning experience and have an increased enthusiasm toward learning.
Students are part of the same multi-grade house for their entire time in the academy.
Students are part of the shared governance process as well, in student-related matters.
Students are part of the student group.
Students are participants in courses that provide academic challenges.
Students are particularly easy prey.
Students are particularly keen to get started on our clusters of PC workstations.
Students are particularly pleased to see familiar faculty members at their graduation.
Students are particularly rude to professors who lack proficiency in English.
Students are particularly welcome.
Students are partners in designing and evaluating learning situations.
Students are partners in that process.
Students are partners in the assessment process along with parents, teachers, and administrators.
Students are partners in the teaching-learning experience.
Students are part-time and complete the program in two years.
Students are passive in most college classes.
Students are passive, obedient subordinates to the teacher's authority.
Students are passive, while teachers are active.
Students are passive.
Students are passives, while teachers are active.
Students are patient and forgiving with each other.
Students are people too.
Students are people whom teachers wish to see grow and develop intellectually.
Students are people, and they respond the same way.
Students are people, too.
Students are people.
Students are people.
Students are perfectly capable of memorizing formulas.
Students are persistent when working on challenging problems.
Students are personally responsible for all contents in the cars.
Students are personally responsible for all contents in their lockers.
Students are personally responsible for all housing and transportation arrangements.
Students are personally responsible for all tuition costs.
Students are personally responsible for any charges associated with their physical examinations.
Students are personally responsible for books and supplies.
Students are personally responsible for compliance.
Students are personally responsible for financial arrangements with the private teacher.
Students are personally responsible for fulfilling all curricular requirements in proper sequence.
Students are personally responsible for obtaining their own drafting equipment and drawing supplies.
Students are personally responsible for progress deadlines and final submission dates.
Students are personally responsible for their work, their actions, and their word.
Students are placed in groups of four.
Students are pleasantly surprised to find how patient and helpful their colleagues are.
Students are pleasantly surprised when they return to school.
Students are pleased that they have identified salient dimensions of unethical marketing practices.
Students are pleased with their online experience.
Students are pleased with their online experiences.
Students are pleased with themselves and anxious for others to see their work.
Students are polite and caring.
Students are poor readers and writers, often with poor attitudes to match.
Students are popularly and properly perceived as our raison d'etre .
Students are positively interdependent.
Students are predominant users of the university webpage voting utility.
Students are prepared and follow directions.
Students are prepared as general electronic technicians during the first year of the program.
Students are prepared for a variety of academic, business, and professional careers.
Students are prepared for a variety of accounting careers.
Students are prepared for a variety of motive-power trades.
Students are prepared for a wide range of post-graduation endeavors.
Students are prepared for administrative as well as clinical positions.
Students are prepared for advanced study and analysis of social, legal, and political communication.
Students are prepared for advanced study to take responsibility for the development of such systems.
Students are prepared for an ever increasing technology based society through exposure to computers.
Students are prepared for applications within the field of interest they choose.
Students are prepared for apprenticeship work in the trades or for post-secondary study.
Students are prepared for both graduate school and jobs in the environmental chemistry field.
Students are prepared for careers as dietician,chef, nutritionist and restaurant managers.
Students are prepared for careers as professional performers or as private teachers.
Students are prepared for careers as well as post-secondary studies after graduation.
Students are prepared for careers in academics, industry, or government service.
Students are prepared for careers in clinical and research settings.
Students are prepared for careers in conservation, conservation science, and art history.
Students are prepared for careers in fields such as law enforcement and corrections.
Students are prepared for careers in law, government, and the private sector.
Students are prepared for careers in teaching, instructional design, and instructional evaluation.
Students are prepared for careers in the emergency medical services field.
Students are prepared for careers in various forms of church or para-church organizations.
Students are prepared for certification.
Students are prepared for college and careers through the work experience.
Students are prepared for cutting-edge jobs in the information economy.
Students are prepared for employment as instrument technicians.
Students are prepared for employment in a variety of fields as well as for graduate studies.
Students are prepared for employment through career advice and work placement.
Students are prepared for entry into the workforce or for postsecondary education.
Students are prepared for entry level employment in the machine trade industry.
Students are prepared for entry-level employment opportunities as computer programmers.
Students are prepared for entry-level management positions in retail.
Students are prepared for entry-level or higher positions in industry and government.
Students are prepared for entry-level positions in multimedia sound and image production.
Students are prepared for entry-level positions in their careers.
Students are prepared for further study in teaching, law, government, and church service.
Students are prepared for graduate and professional programs as well as for the workplace.
Students are prepared for graduate study in a related field.
Students are prepared for graduate work, or employment in the private sector.
Students are prepared for internships and linked with entrepreneurial companies.
Students are prepared for interviews and are familiar with the recruiting process.
Students are prepared for jobs as aircraft mechanics and support personnel.
Students are prepared for leadership positions that integrate nursing and ministry.
Students are prepared for learning by mastering prerequisite learning behaviors.
Students are prepared for more advanced course work in theatre production.
Students are prepared for more sensitive and effective practice.
Students are prepared for numerous careers in a variety of allied health fields.
Students are prepared for positions at the creative and executive levels in the retail industry.
Students are prepared for positions in program planning, evaluation, and administration.
Students are prepared for positions of management in retail and apparel production firms.
Students are prepared for positions with government agencies, industry, and business.
Students are prepared for professional careers in broadcast news and allied fields.
Students are prepared for professional careers in public, industrial and governmental accounting.
Students are prepared for progression to Higher education or marine supervisory employment.
Students are prepared for Quartet visits through classroom background education and discussion.
Students are prepared for reentry into public schools with an expectation of success.
Students are prepared for research careers in both academic and nonacademic settings.
Students are prepared for research careers in either academic or industrial settings.
Students are prepared for retail challenges in the global marketplace.
Students are prepared for state board tests.
Students are prepared for state exams.
Students are prepared for success in college-level mathematics.
Students are prepared for success in leading universities throughout the world.
Students are prepared for success with a comprehensive learning experience.
Students are prepared for teaching through a program which blends theory with practice.
Students are prepared for the assumption of professional responsibility, leadership and management.
Students are prepared for the following courses.
Students are prepared for the project on the first day of school.
Students are prepared for the rigors of high school, college, and beyond.
Students are prepared for the trip, and follow-up activities reinforce what was learned.
Students are prepared for their field placement by practicing role plays and viewing videotapes.
Students are prepared for transfer to four-year institutions, normally at the junior level.
Students are prepared for work in law firms, corporations, banks and government.
Students are prepared for working effectively in both retail and hospital pharmacy environments.
Students are prepared in individual, group and family psychotherapeutic modalities.
Students are prepared to analyze, construct, manage, and consume public relations information.
Students are prepared to analyze, plan, manage, critique, and consume audio and video content.
Students are prepared to apply for entry level teaching positions.
Students are prepared to apply photo skills used in commercial and creative venues.
Students are prepared to assess hardware and software needs.
Students are prepared to assist people in their shelter-related problems through research.
Students are prepared to be certified teachers of programs for infants through primary school age.
Students are prepared to be effective and committed language instructors.
Students are prepared to be leaders in their professional and community lives in a global society.
Students are prepared to be leaders in their professions.
Students are prepared to be tailors, dressmakers, carpenters or house-painters.
Students are prepared to become certified and licensed practitioners.
Students are prepared to become contributing members of our society.
Students are prepared to become leaders and practitioners in public health.
Students are prepared to become stewards of their talents in a joy-filled Christian life.
Students are prepared to become the leaders of mathematics curricular reform in their schools.
Students are prepared to become the technology experts in their schools.
Students are prepared to become unlicensed health care workers.
Students are prepared to begin looking at an indicator of the wealth of their region.
Students are prepared to communicate well in a real Russian environment.
Students are prepared to compete in the larger local, state, national, and international arenas.
Students are prepared to compete successfully in the job market.
Students are prepared to comprehend issues in finance , operations , personnel and marketing .
Students are prepared to conduct research, establish goals, create messages and implement plans.
Students are prepared to continue their appreciation of music beyond the classroom experience.
Students are prepared to create software for a variety of industries.
Students are prepared to encounter a pagan world and confront confusion with the truth.
Students are prepared to enter medical school or continue studies at the graduate level.
Students are prepared to enter the job market or apply to graduate school.
Students are prepared to enter the job market or to apply to graduate school.
Students are prepared to function as beginning-level pharmacy technicians.
Students are prepared to function as nurse generalists.
Students are prepared to function in a problem based learning curriculum.
Students are prepared to function under the supervision of a licensed physician.
Students are prepared to gather, write, edit, and deliver broadcast news stories.
Students are prepared to go directly into the business world or to go into graduate study.
Students are prepared to go into either private or public high schools.
Students are prepared to go out and serve mankind.
Students are prepared to grapple with new ideas, unforeseen technologies and changing institutions.
Students are prepared to integrate into the wider community through their education.
Students are prepared to interact more intelligently with various media.
Students are prepared to lend a hand when natural disaster occur.
Students are prepared to live an contribute as citizens in a democratic society.
Students are prepared to manage the dynamic ebusiness environment.
Students are prepared to meet professional requirements and criteria.
Students are prepared to meet the exciting challenges of working in a technological environment.
Students are prepared to participate in every aspect of animal care and veterinary nursing.
Students are prepared to perform all areas of entry-level physical therapy practice.
Students are prepared to practice law.
Students are prepared to provide primary care services across the lifespan.
Students are prepared to provide professional development for child care personnel.
Students are prepared to pursue further study or to move directly into the job market.
Students are prepared to research, evaluate, prepare, edit, and design print news stories.
Students are prepared to return to regular or special classes in their own communities.
Students are prepared to seek employment in a widely varied electronics industry.
Students are prepared to set up, organize and run a chemistry laboratory and classroom.
Students are prepared to set up, organize and run a high school chemistry laboratory and classroom.
Students are prepared to sit for the appropriate credentialing exams.
Students are prepared to succeed as scholars in academe and as communicators in the marketplace.
Students are prepared to take a national certification exam.
Students are prepared to take managerial positions in a wide variety of organizations.
Students are prepared to take positions as specialists in sports nutrition.
Students are prepared to take the advanced placement biology examination.
Students are prepared to take the advanced placement examination in physics.
Students are prepared to take the advanced placement examination.
Students are prepared to teach at secondary or post-secondary levels.
Students are prepared to teach elementary education in bilingual settings.
Students are prepared to teach grades six through twelve.
Students are prepared to teach in local, regional, U.S. mainland schools.
Students are prepared to teach in parochial, private and public school settings.
Students are prepared to think critically, communicate effectively, and exercise sound judgement.
Students are prepared to use technology to meet the needs of businesses and individuals.
Students are prepared to work as health education teachers in secondary schools.
Students are prepared to work as liaisons between the consumer and business or government.
Students are prepared to work in a variety of clinical, community, and wellness settings.
Students are prepared to work in community counseling and mental health centers.
Students are prepared to work in government, non-profit organizations, and profit organizations.
Students are prepared to work safely with both hand tools and power equipment.
Students are prepared to work with diverse populations in many settings.
Students are prepared to work with students in inclusive settings.
Students Are Prepared.
Students are prepares as nurse educators to work in a variety of settings.
Students are pre-registered and all books are distributed during class.
Students are primarily African-American.
Students are primarily from middle class families.
Students are primarily in engineering, mathematics and computer science.
Students are primarily in Minnesota.
Students are primarily inservice.
Students are primarily middle school or high school grade level.
Students are primarily passive observers.
Students are primarily responsible for class discussions.
Students are prime targets.
Students are proactive and creative and working together in a way they never have before.
Students are proactive in understanding their requirements and seeking assistance.
Students are probably familiar with the term monologue from plays.
Students are productive employees.
Students are productive in terms of theses as well as research publications .
Students are products or inventory.
Students are products.
Students are professionals in health care, psychology, and human services.
Students are proficient in a skill before they pass to the next level.
Students are proficient in the use of legal terminology and computers.
Students are proficient in the use of technology .
Students are proficient in the use of technology.
Students are proficient in the use system skills needed to enter and retrieve data.
Students are proud and excited about their accomplishments.
Students are proud of community support for the new building and other projects.
Students are proud of their school and enthusiastic about attending.
Students are proud of what they are doing.
Students are proud that their own people now have some control over the land where they study.
Students are proud to embark on careers in teaching.
Students are proud to show their talents, and parents are proud of their child's achievements.
Students are provided a curriculum that teaches how to study, research, explore, think and learn.
Students are providedwith positive and rewarding volunteering experiences.
Students are publishers.
Students are punctual.
Students are put in sets according to ability and aptitude, which are reviewed regularly.
Students are qualified for entry-level auto body occupations after graduating.
Students are qualified to enter academic or vocational post secondary educational programs.
Students are qualified to participate in the program by the very fact that they are in the class.
Students are quick learners when hands-on, practical experience is offered.
Students are quick learners when they are offered hands-on, practical experience.
Students are quick to blame.
Students are quick to buy a great tasting product.
Students are quick to express their appreciation for the program s academic rigor.
Students are quick to identify a good teacher when they meet one.
Students are quick to pick up on the two levels of vocabulary used in speakerphone conversations.
Students are quick to recognize rationalizations for what they are.
Students are quick to understand that they are interpreting rather than simply describing a life.
Students are quite busy with extra curricular activities and events.
Students are quite capable of constructing knowledge with the guidance of the teacher.
Students are quite capable of developing their own rubrics.
Students are quite excited about their opportunities.
Students are quite helpful and forgiving when it comes to teachers using technology.
Students are quite vocal that they want the libraries open more often.
Students are qwck to pick up on a teacher's attitude toward class members.
Students are rank ordered and admitted as space is available.
Students are rational and malleable human beings.
Students are rational beings and quite capable of choosing to cooperate and be on-task.
Students are ready for the job market upon completion.
Students are ready for the world of work and career advancement upon completion of programs.
Students are ready to be represented by one of our own.
Students are ready to develop a function for anything they identify as meaningful action.
Students are ready to prepare the final project.
Students are ready to read and write in first grade.
Students are ready to return to the classroom.
Students are ready to see action.
Students are ready to set up an experiment in flight.
Students are ready to take a snow sample using a snow tube.
Students are ready to take an active role in the manufacturing process immediately upon graduation.
Students are real involved in our recycling effort.
Students are really eager to communicate.
Students are really excited about it.
Students are really into it.
Students are really ready for it.
Students are really what drives funding.
Students are receptive of other students.
Students are receptive to the idea.
Students are recommend to the program from their teachers and school principal.
Students are registered on first come, first serve basis.
Students are regular graduate students.
Students are regularly engaged in international projects.
Students are regularly involved in the planning and celebration of liturgy.
Students are regulary taken to neighborhood parks when the weather permits it.
Students are reluctant to be identified as individuals with exceptional needs.
Students are reluctant to complain about each other.
Students are reluctant to talk in class to the professor.
Students are remarkably bright.
Students are remarkably reluctant to ask questions in the library.
Students are reminded about biotic and abiotic factors and interdependence of species.
Students are reponsible for all the library material they check out.
Students are reponsible for paying any proctor fee charged.
Students are require d to meet with their advisors at minimum once a semester.
Students are require to attend one three-hour laboratory appointment weekly.
Students are require to take exams on the days scheduled.
Students are required to develop a creative travel brochure depicting the information gathered.
Students are required to furnish all their own hand tools for the training program.
Students are required to put the game pieces in the right position on the background.
Students are required to sign the compact, a copy of which is included in their portfolio.
Students are required to spend time in the clinical setting, time is based on student progress.
Students are required to work evenings, weekends, and holidays.
Students are requiredto do research in one of the biotechnology-related laboratories.
Students are requires to have a high school algebra background.
Students are residents or day students.
Students are resilient and adaptable, teachers say.
Students are resistant to taking active part in the class.
Students are respectful and courteous to others at all times.
Students are responible for all assignments on the syllabus.
Students are responsibile for obtaining their own employment situtations.
Students are responsibile for the security of their own bicycles.
Students are responsibile for their own uniforms and transportation.
Students are responsible also for making reasonable efforts to see their advisors.
Students are responsible also for the maintenance of a selection of tropical plants.
Students are responsible and accountable for their own actions.
Students are responsible and liable for the classes for which they are registered.
Students are responsible both for assigned readings and for classroom lectures.
Students are responsible directly for payments for telephone service.
Students are responsible directly to the cable company for payments for service.
Students are responsible entirely for repair and maintenance of their laptops.
Students are responsible for . . .
Students are responsible for a arranging and confirming their housing abroad.
Students are responsible for a complete financial accounting of expense monies.
Students are responsible for a daily inventory of module equipment and proper use of that equipment.
Students are responsible for a knowledge of the contents of both publications.
Students are responsible for a presentation and take a cumulative exam.
Students are responsible for a significant portion of the curriculum and organization.
Students are responsible for abiding strictly by the terms of any such awards.
Students are responsible for academic work they miss due to absences caused by inclement weather.
Students are responsible for accessing and managing the information they gather.
Students are responsible for accurately marking and scoring each other's tests.
Students are responsible for accurately marking and scoring their own tests.
Students are responsible for achieving the goals on their individual success plan.
Students are responsible for acknowledging problem areas and committing to plan for improvement.
Students are responsible for acquainting themselves with the regulations pertinent to their status.
Students are responsible for acquiring additional information in heat transfer textbooks.
Students are responsible for acquiring books and materials for class.
Students are responsible for acquiring notes if a lecture is missed.
Students are responsible for acquiring suitable materials.
Students are responsible for acquiring their own computer.
Students are responsible for acquiring their own passports prior to the trip.
Students are responsible for acting and all technical elements for three productions each year.
Students are responsible for acting in a professional manner with regard to faculty mentors.
Students are responsible for acting on mail placed in their mail box.
Students are responsible for actively participating in all aspects of class activity.
Students are responsible for activity on their computer accounts.
Students are responsible for adding and dropping courses to their schedules.
Students are responsible for additional costs incurred with textbooks, lab kits and other supplies.
Students are responsible for additional expenses related to externships and clerkships.
Students are responsible for additional supplies.
Students are responsible for address corrections.
Students are responsible for adherence to college policies regarding academic ethics and plagiarism.
Students are responsible for adhering to all updates and changes.
Students are responsible for adhering to the following regulations concerning adds and drops.
Students are responsible for adhering to the handbooks.
Students are responsible for adhering to the policies and procedures of their departments.
Students are responsible for adhering to the requirements set in the official calendar.
Students are responsible for adhering to the rules and regulations set forth in the Handbook.
Students are responsible for advising their program of any changes in their current mailing address.
Students are responsible for air and ground transporation, meals, and lodging.
Students are responsible for air fare, personal expenses, medical insurance and passport fees.
Students are responsible for air travel to Las Vegas.
Students are responsible for airfare and all other meals.
Students are responsible for airfare and other living expenses.
Students are responsible for airfare and personal expenses.
Students are responsible for airfare and spending money.
Students are responsible for airfare and texts.
Students are responsible for airfare to Belize.
Students are responsible for airfare, personal expenses, medical insurance and passport fees.
Students are responsible for all academic work missed during their absences, whatever the reasons.
Students are responsible for all activities occurring through their accounts.
Students are responsible for all adjustments in their schedule.
Students are responsible for all adjustments to their schedule.
Students are responsible for all adjustments to their schedules.
Students are responsible for all announced changes to the syllabus.
Students are responsible for all announced changes.
Students are responsible for all announcements and any supplements given within any lecture.
Students are responsible for all announcements and assignenments made in class.
Students are responsible for all announcements and assignments made in class.
Students are responsible for all announcements and materials presented in class.
Students are responsible for all announcements and supplements given within any lecture.
Students are responsible for all announcements made during class or on e-mail.
Students are responsible for all announcements made during their absence from class.
Students are responsible for all announcements made in class .
Students are responsible for all announcements made in class regardless of their presence.
Students are responsible for all announcements made in class, irrespective of their attendance.
Students are responsible for all announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for all announcements, assignments, and handouts from lectures.
Students are responsible for all announcements, assignments, etc. which are made in class.
Students are responsible for all announcements, lectures, exams, quizzes, and class discussions.
Students are responsible for all announcements, lectures, tests, and discussions.
Students are responsible for all areas of programming.
Students are responsible for all arrangements and expenses related to attending residency.
Students are responsible for all aspects of production and distribution.
Students are responsible for all aspects of project design, implementation and analyses.
Students are responsible for all aspects of respiratory care for their assigned patients.
Students are responsible for all aspects of the maintenance and repair of their own computers.
Students are responsible for all aspects of the project.
Students are responsible for all assigned material and all material covered in class.
Students are responsible for all assigned material and class lectures.
Students are responsible for all assigned materials plus everything covered in class.
Students are responsible for all assigned materials.
Students are responsible for all assigned readings and lecture material for each exam .
Students are responsible for all assigned readings and material covered in class lectures.
Students are responsible for all assigned readings, films, and videos.
Students are responsible for all assigned readings, handouts, and materials discussed in class.
Students are responsible for all assigned readings, lectures, and any other assigned material.
Students are responsible for all assigned readings.
Students are responsible for ALL assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all assigned text readings, lecture and laboratory materials.
Students are responsible for all assigned work, reading assignments, tests, and essays.
Students are responsible for all assignment changes thus announced.
Students are responsible for all assignment changes.
Students are responsible for all assignments and instructions made during class.
Students are responsible for all assignments and laboratory work if absent.
Students are responsible for all assignments and materials covered during the student absence.
Students are responsible for all assignments assigned by instructor.
Students are responsible for all assignments made in class.
Students are responsible for all assignments made in the text and all lecture materials.
Students are responsible for all assignments on due date, except by arrangement with instructor.
Students are responsible for all assignments, and announcements given in class.
Students are responsible for all assignments, announcements and materials presented during class.
Students are responsible for all assignments, even if they are absent.
Students are responsible for all assignments, notes, etc.
Students are responsible for all assignments.
Students are responsible for all background and related material offered in the text and lectures.
Students are responsible for all bank processing fees in home country and in Japan.
Students are responsible for all basic tools and supplies.
Students are responsible for all books they borrow.
Students are responsible for all changes announced in class.
Students are responsible for all changes that are announced.
Students are responsible for all charges associated with phone calls.
Students are responsible for all charges billed to their telephone number.
Students are responsible for all charges related to emergency care.
Students are responsible for all class lecture material for the day missed.
Students are responsible for all class material and announcements.
Students are responsible for all class material covered or assigned in lectures.
Students are responsible for all class material covered or assigned in the lectures.
Students are responsible for all class material that they miss.
Students are responsible for all class notes and handouts when absent.
Students are responsible for all collection costs and legal fees.
Students are responsible for all college owned furniture and equipment.
Students are responsible for all college property in their rooms.
Students are responsible for all computer layouts.
Students are responsible for all content and assignments for each class.
Students are responsible for all content and handouts from classes and other learning activities.
Students are responsible for all content missed due to absence or tardiness.
Students are responsible for all costs associated with their own health care.
Students are responsible for all costs associated with viewing the tapes.
Students are responsible for all costs incurred related to health problems.
Students are responsible for all costs incurred.
Students are responsible for all costs related to preparation of the dissertation.
Students are responsible for all costs related to preparation of the thesis.
Students are responsible for all costs related to services provided by off campus providers.
Students are responsible for all costs related to services provided by off-campus providers.
Students are responsible for all costs.
Students are responsible for all course charges except when an official withdrawal form in on file.
Students are responsible for all course content covered, even when they miss a class session.
Students are responsible for all course content material and assignments.
Students are responsible for all course content material, and assignments.
Students are responsible for all course content, material and assignments.
Students are responsible for all course expenses beyond their text and workbooks.
Students are responsible for all course information communicated in their absence.
Students are responsible for all course information missed during their absence.
Students are responsible for all course information sent through email .
Students are responsible for all course material covered in class during any absence.
Students are responsible for all course material presented in class.
Students are responsible for all course material previously covered in the chemistry sequence.
Students are responsible for all course prerequisites.
Students are responsible for all course work.
Students are responsible for all courses listed on registration forms.
Students are responsible for all discussions, assignments, announcements, etc.
Students are responsible for all equipment checked out under their name.
Students are responsible for all equipment used during the semester.
Students are responsible for all exercises, however only e-mail assigned areas.
Students are responsible for all expenses and all travel during vacations.
Students are responsible for all expenses associated with attendance at clinical experiences.
Students are responsible for all expenses incurred at the doctor's office or hospital.
Students are responsible for all expenses incurred in clinical and practicum placements.
Students are responsible for all facets of generating a yearbook.
Students are responsible for all fees pertaining to the above.
Students are responsible for all fees, books and other expenses.
Students are responsible for all fees.
Students are responsible for all film ,processing, and paper costs.
Students are responsible for all films assigned in and outside of class.
Students are responsible for all films listed in the syllabus.
Students are responsible for all financial costs for the reading packets.
Students are responsible for all fines and fees.
Students are responsible for all homework assignments.
Students are responsible for all hook-up to the cable jack.
Students are responsible for all in-class instructions regarding all assignments.
Students are responsible for all information and assignments missed while absent.
Students are responsible for all information communicated via e-mail.
Students are responsible for ALL information contained in the course web site.
Students are responsible for all information contained in the readings.
Students are responsible for all information covered in the class.
Students are responsible for all information discussed in class.
Students are responsible for all information disseminated via e-mail.
Students are responsible for all information given during the class instruction.
Students are responsible for all information given out in class.
Students are responsible for all information in the class, regardless of their personal attendance.
Students are responsible for all information presented as well as the information in the text.
Students are responsible for all information presented at every class meeting.
Students are responsible for all information presented in class or through assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all information presented in class whether oral or visual.
Students are responsible for all information presented in class.
Students are responsible for all information presented in classes they miss.
Students are responsible for all information provided in class.
Students are responsible for all information that is given in class.
Students are responsible for all information, handouts and schedule changes announced during class.
Students are responsible for all items on their tray.
Students are responsible for all items signed out in their names.
Students are responsible for all items that they sign out.
Students are responsible for all late fees, if assessed.
Students are responsible for all lecture and lab materials and all handouts.
Students are responsible for all lecture material and assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all lecture material and assignments missed during an absence.
Students are responsible for all lecture material, handouts and announcements given during class.
Students are responsible for all lecture material, handouts and assigned portions of the text.
Students are responsible for all lecture material, handouts, homework and assigned reading.
Students are responsible for all lecture materials and assigned reading materials, including cases.
Students are responsible for all lecture materials and assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all lecture materials and reading for missed classes.
Students are responsible for all lectures, clinical correlations, labs and small group sessions.
Students are responsible for all library books and materials they check out.
Students are responsible for all listed and announced dates, readings, assignments, and exams.
Students are responsible for all listed or announced due dates for assignments and exams.
Students are responsible for all living costs during their internship period.
Students are responsible for all living expenses.
Students are responsible for all loan fees and photocopy charges.
Students are responsible for all lodging and transportation to New York City.
Students are responsible for all make up work and assignments.
Students are responsible for all material and announcements given in lecture.
Students are responsible for all material and announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for all material and assignments missed because of absence or lateness.
Students are responsible for all material and class information if absent.
Students are responsible for all material assigned or discussed in class.
Students are responsible for all material assigned.
Students are responsible for all material borrowed on their library card.
Students are responsible for all material covered .
Students are responsible for all material covered and all announcements made.
Students are responsible for all material covered and announcements made during their absence.
Students are responsible for all material covered and announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for all material covered and distributed in class.
Students are responsible for all material covered both in the text and in the classroom.
Students are responsible for all material covered both in the text and the films.
Students are responsible for all material covered during an absence.
Students are responsible for all material covered during lecture and in the assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered during the semester.
Students are responsible for all material covered during their absence.
Students are responsible for all material covered even if a class is missed.
Students are responsible for all material covered in assigned text sections.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class and all assignments made.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class and all homework assignments.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class and any changes in the schedule.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class and in the assigned reading.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class and labs.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class and the readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class as well as assigned chapters.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class as well as in the required readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class lectures and in required readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class meetings and assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class regardless of their attendance.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class, even if they are absent.
Students are responsible for all material covered in class.
Students are responsible for all material covered in lecture, as well as the assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in lecture.
Students are responsible for all material covered in lectures and readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in lectures, discussion, and assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in lectures, the text and other assignments.
Students are responsible for all material covered in lectures, the text, and handouts.
Students are responsible for all material covered in required texts, articles, and lectures.
Students are responsible for all material covered in that session.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the course from either source.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the course on the exam and skills test.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the course, regardless of their attendance.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the lectures also.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the lectures, discussions, and readings.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the lectures.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the readings and class lectures.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the readings and in class.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the textbook, lecture and tutorials.
Students are responsible for all material covered in the texts and class discussion .
Students are responsible for all material covered in their absence.
Students are responsible for all material covered or assigned during class periods.
Students are responsible for all material covered, as well as announcements made in lecture.
Students are responsible for all material covered, even if they are absent.
Students are responsible for all material discussed either in class or in discussion sections.
Students are responsible for all material discussed in class, unless otherwise indicated.
Students are responsible for all material discussed in class.
Students are responsible for all material found in the required readings, labs, and class lectures.
Students are responsible for ALL material given or assigned in class.
Students are responsible for all material given out in class.
Students are responsible for all material in the assigned readings.
Students are responsible for all material in the lectures and the text chapters.
Students are responsible for all material in the text and all material presented in class.
Students are responsible for all material included in reading assignments, handouts, and lectures.
Students are responsible for all material listed on the syllabus .
Students are responsible for all material missed due to absence.
Students are responsible for all material missed due to absences.
Students are responsible for all material missed during an absence.
Students are responsible for all material missed in a class session.
Students are responsible for all material missed in the class session.
Students are responsible for all material missed.
Students are responsible for all material on that site.
Students are responsible for all material on the course syllabus.
Students are responsible for all material on the reading lists.
Students are responsible for all material posted from their accounts or sent from their telephones.
Students are responsible for all material presented and assigned.
Students are responsible for all material presented and discussed in class.
Students are responsible for all material presented by a guest lecturer.
Students are responsible for all material presented in class and in the reading assignments.
Students are responsible for all material presented in class and in the readings.
Students are responsible for all material presented in class as outlined in the lecture slides.
Students are responsible for all material presented in class as well as each chapter listed below.
Students are responsible for all material presented in class sessions.
Students are responsible for all material presented in class, in the book, or in the homework.
Students are responsible for all material presented in class.
Students are responsible for all material presented in lecture and in laboratory experiences.
Students are responsible for all material presented in lecture and labs.
Students are responsible for all material presented in the films.
Students are responsible for all material presented in the lectures and discussions.
Students are responsible for all material presented in the lectures, even if the student is absent.
Students are responsible for all material presented or assigned whether present or absent.
Students are responsible for all material presented.
Students are responsible for all material that is given out in class and lab.
Students are responsible for all material, exams and homework.
Students are responsible for all material.
Students are responsible for all materials and assignments given in class.
Students are responsible for all materials and information presented or discussed in class.
Students are responsible for all materials borrowed on their cards.
Students are responsible for all materials borrowed with their cards.
Students are responsible for all materials charged to their card.
Students are responsible for all materials checked out on their cards.
Students are responsible for all materials covered during their absence.
Students are responsible for all materials covered in class as well as materials in the textbook.
Students are responsible for all materials covered in the textbook chapters.
Students are responsible for all materials covered.
Students are responsible for all materials dealt with in class and for the readings assigned.
Students are responsible for all materials delivered in the course.
Students are responsible for all materials discussed in class.
Students are responsible for all materials discussed in lectures and classroom discussions.
Students are responsible for ALL materials discussed, distributed and referred to during lectures.
Students are responsible for all materials in reading assignments, handouts, and lectures.
Students are responsible for all materials missed due to absence.
Students are responsible for all materials presented in class and for any announcements made.
Students are responsible for all materials presented in class.
Students are responsible for all medical bills related to health care received off-campus.
Students are responsible for all missed assignments.
Students are responsible for all missed material.
Students are responsible for all missed work and assignments.
Students are responsible for all missed work due to an absence or field trip.
Students are responsible for all missed work regardless of the type of check out.
Students are responsible for ALL missing work.
Students are responsible for all muscles listed on the handout distributed in class.
Students are responsible for all music and materials.
Students are responsible for all necessary documentation.
Students are responsible for all new vocabulary as assigned and specified by the instructor.
Students are responsible for all notified changes.
Students are responsible for all of it.
Students are responsible for all of the assigned reading .
Students are responsible for all of the information assigned.
Students are responsible for all of the material covered in class.
Students are responsible for all of the material found in the required readings and class lectures.
Students are responsible for all of the primary and secondary readings on their three focused lists.
Students are responsible for all of the requirements of the catalog under which they are graduating.
Students are responsible for all of their own materials, unless otherwise noted.
Students are responsible for all official notices posted.
Students are responsible for all other equipment and supplies.
Students are responsible for all other expenses, such as room and board.
Students are responsible for all other fees, notably non-resident tuition and the education fee.
Students are responsible for all other fees.
Students are responsible for all other meals and entrance fees.
Students are responsible for all other meals.
Students are responsible for all outside reading.
Students are responsible for all outstanding university financial obligations when withdrawing.
Students are responsible for all PC upgrade costs.
Students are responsible for all personal expenses related to camp.
Students are responsible for all personal expenses.
Students are responsible for all prerequisite requirements before they schedule upper level courses.
Students are responsible for all prerequisites as listed in the university course description book.
Students are responsible for all previous assignments the day they return to class.
Students are responsible for all proctoring fees.
Students are responsible for all psychomotor skills representative of technical nursing education.
Students are responsible for all reading and lecture material at exam time.
Students are responsible for all reading assignments and for material presented in class.
Students are responsible for all reading material.
Students are responsible for all readings and assignments.
Students are responsible for all readings and attendance at lectures and films.
Students are responsible for all readings and viewing of scheduled films.
Students are responsible for all readings, and most material presented in class.
Students are responsible for all registration fees and all books.
Students are responsible for all regularly scheduled class sessions.
Students are responsible for all required insurance.
Students are responsible for all required readings and lecture materials.
Students are responsible for all required readings, and all required assignments.
Students are responsible for all required readings.
Students are responsible for all subject matter content assigned during the progress of the course.
Students are responsible for all text and lecture material on examinations.
Students are responsible for all that take place in class even when absent.
Students are responsible for all that takes place in class even when absent.
Students are responsible for all that transpires during the lectures.
Students are responsible for all that transpires in the lecture and laboratory.
Students are responsible for all the information contained herein.
Students are responsible for all the information presented here.
Students are responsible for all the interest which accrues on the loan.
Students are responsible for all the material covered during the lectures.
Students are responsible for all the material in it.
Students are responsible for all the material in the readings and discussed in lectures.
Students are responsible for all the material listed on the syllabus .
Students are responsible for all the material presented in class and the assigned reading.
Students are responsible for all the materials discussed in class.
Students are responsible for all the music in their folder.
Students are responsible for all the readings listed on the syllabus.
Students are responsible for all their own materials, unless otherwise noted.
Students are responsible for all their own medical expenses.
Students are responsible for all topics covered in the readings and lectures.
Students are responsible for all transportation needed in the practicum.
Students are responsible for all travel and lodging expenses.
Students are responsible for all travel and personal expenses.
Students are responsible for all travel, housing, medical insurance, books, and incidental expenses.
Students are responsible for all tuition and fees at the time of registration.
Students are responsible for all tuition and fees incurred by registering for courses.
Students are responsible for all tuition, cost of texts, and fees at the time due.
Students are responsible for all usage in their computer account.
Students are responsible for all withdrawal fees.
Students are responsible for all work and information covered in class even when absent.
Students are responsible for all work and lectures missed due to absences.
Students are responsible for all work covered and all announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for all work covered in class during their absence.
Students are responsible for all work covered in their absence.
Students are responsible for all work missed and all announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for all work missed during an absence.
Students are responsible for all work missed regardless of the reason for class absence.
Students are responsible for all work missed regardless of the reason.
Students are responsible for all work missed, regardless of the reason for the absence.
Students are responsible for all work missed.
Students are responsible for all work when absent.
Students are responsible for allmaterials delivered in class.
Students are responsible for an integrative paper.
Students are responsible for announcements made in class if they are absent.
Students are responsible for announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for any academic information and workmissed during their absence.
Students are responsible for any additional expenses, including room and board.
Students are responsible for any additional fees resulting from additional hours.
Students are responsible for any additional lodging charges incurred.
Students are responsible for any additional sightseeing expenses beyond the program.
Students are responsible for any additional work required to fill gaps in their knowledge.
Students are responsible for any amounts the agency denies payment on.
Students are responsible for any and all fees associated with the clearance checks.
Students are responsible for any and all information presented in class.
Students are responsible for any and all materials, assignments, etc. discussed in class.
Students are responsible for any and all readings.
Students are responsible for any and all supplies and books needed.
Students are responsible for any announcements made during class.
Students are responsible for any announcements made during missed classes.
Students are responsible for any announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for any announcements posted to the discussion list.
Students are responsible for any application fees.
Students are responsible for any assignments or changes in the schedule announced in class.
Students are responsible for any changes announced in class.
Students are responsible for any changes as posted.
Students are responsible for any changes if announced in class.
Students are responsible for any changes made to the syllabus during the semester.
Students are responsible for any changes required to correct their enrollment.
Students are responsible for any charges from other institutions.
Students are responsible for any charges incurred.
Students are responsible for any class material missed due to absence.
Students are responsible for any class work missed due to school activities.
Students are responsible for any class work missed including handouts.
Students are responsible for any co-payments or the cost of uninsured services.
Students are responsible for any cost incurred.
Students are responsible for any costs incurred in the criminal record search.
Students are responsible for any costs incurred.
Students are responsible for any costs which exceed the awarded benefit level.
Students are responsible for any course for which they have enrolled.
Students are responsible for any course supplies fees.
Students are responsible for any daily assignments missed because of absences.
Students are responsible for any damage caused by the loft.
Students are responsible for any damage or injury caused by the contruction of lofts.
Students are responsible for any damage that occurs in their room or apartment.
Students are responsible for any damage that results to university or private property.
Students are responsible for any damage to the rooms.
Students are responsible for any damage to their rooms.
Students are responsible for any damaged or lost books.
Students are responsible for any damages they cause.
Students are responsible for any deliberate damage done to the bus.
Students are responsible for any difference between the estimated and actual amounts.
Students are responsible for any equipment broken.
Students are responsible for any extra courier charge.
Students are responsible for any extra fees.
Students are responsible for any extraordinary repairs.
Students are responsible for any fee.
Students are responsible for any fees incurred as a result of personal counseling off-campus.
Students are responsible for any fees or charges for medical care.
Students are responsible for any fees, fines or other charges that they inappropriately incur.
Students are responsible for any homework, notes, or activities that are assigned.
Students are responsible for any instructions and information missed due to an absence.
Students are responsible for any laboratory or special fees.
Students are responsible for any library materials borrowed.
Students are responsible for any long-distance modem or internet service provider charges incurred.
Students are responsible for any material covered during any absence.
Students are responsible for any material covered during their absence from class.
Students are responsible for any material discussed and used on mid-term exam.
Students are responsible for any material listed on their instructor's home page.
Students are responsible for any material missed due to absence, regardless of the reason.
Students are responsible for any material missed due to absence.
Students are responsible for any material missed during absences.
Students are responsible for any material or announcements they miss due to absence.
Students are responsible for any material, instructions, etc., that they miss due to absences.
Students are responsible for any materials checked out on their IDs.
Students are responsible for any materials they publish, regardless of authorship.
Students are responsible for any missed assignments or handouts if absent.
Students are responsible for any missed material.
Students are responsible for any notes they miss in class.
Students are responsible for any notes, announcements, etc.
Students are responsible for any notes, assignments, handouts, instructions, etc.
Students are responsible for any number of examinations scheduled on a given day.
Students are responsible for any overdue fines or other fees assessed by the lending institution.
Students are responsible for any parking fees.
Students are responsible for any parking violations they incur.
Students are responsible for any reception costs and arrangements.
Students are responsible for any related course fees.
Students are responsible for any related fees.
Students are responsible for any remaining balance on their account.
Students are responsible for any required fees associated with the use of shareware.
Students are responsible for any required prerequisites for elective courses.
Students are responsible for any work covered during their absence.
Students are responsible for any work missed due to absence.
Students are responsible for any work missed through absences.
Students are responsible for any work missed.
Students are responsible for any work or assignments they miss due to absences.
Students are responsible for any work previously assigned in the class before they added.
Students are responsible for anything covered in class during their absence.
Students are responsible for applying annually for financial aid.
Students are responsible for applying for jobs.
Students are responsible for applying for their own visas.
Students are responsible for applying prior to each semester.
Students are responsible for applying to the program of their choice.
Students are responsible for appropriate behavior during lunch.
Students are responsible for appropriate behavior when using District technology resources.
Students are responsible for appropriate personal attire depending on the demands of the activity.
Students are responsible for appropriate pre-requisites or consent of the instructor.
Students are responsible for appropriate use of the video equipment.
Students are responsible for arrangement and payment of the CompTIA-specific exams.
Students are responsible for arrangements and cost of all health requirements.
Students are responsible for arranging a make-up exam as soon as possible.
Students are responsible for arranging and financing their own attendant care services.
Students are responsible for arranging and paying for their own accommodation.
Students are responsible for arranging and paying for their own transportation to and from camp.
Students are responsible for arranging employment.
Students are responsible for arranging financing and payment of their bills.
Students are responsible for arranging flights to and from Colombia.
Students are responsible for arranging for their own accommodation.
Students are responsible for arranging for their own accommodations.
Students are responsible for arranging limousine transportation services.
Students are responsible for arranging payment.
Students are responsible for arranging suitable locations for self-study coursework.
Students are responsible for arranging supervision and for providing their own cases.
Students are responsible for arranging the time to meet with the committee.
Students are responsible for arranging their child care without involving the college.
Students are responsible for arranging their lives around their priorities.
Students are responsible for arranging their own auto insurance.
Students are responsible for arranging their own electives.
Students are responsible for arranging their own housing accommodations.
Students are responsible for arranging their own housing during clinical experiences.
Students are responsible for arranging their own housing.
Students are responsible for arranging their own internship placement.
Students are responsible for arranging their own lodging, transportation and meals.
Students are responsible for arranging their own research apprenticeships.
Students are responsible for arranging their own rides to and from the course.
Students are responsible for arranging their own transportation to and from Spain.
Students are responsible for arranging their own transportation to designated or assigned sites.
Students are responsible for arranging their own transportation.
Students are responsible for arranging their own travel according to the published course dates.
Students are responsible for arranging their own travel to and from Israel.
Students are responsible for arranging their own visits.
Students are responsible for arranging their work schedules to meet employer needs.
Students are responsible for arranging to take the test before applying for state certification.
Students are responsible for arranging to view the required films on their own.
Students are responsible for arranging transportation to and from all field sites.
Students are responsible for ascertaining that all appropriate paperwork has been completed.
Students are responsible for ascertaining that their tuition level has been properly established.
Students are responsible for asking for make-up work.
Students are responsible for assembling the audience for the lecture.
Students are responsible for assessing their own progress.
Students are responsible for assessing their own skill levels.
Students are responsible for assigned material in the text as well as topics discussed in class.
Students are responsible for assigned readings and all material covered in class .
Students are responsible for assigned readings and all material covered in class.
Students are responsible for assigned readings and all material outlined in lecture slides.
Students are responsible for assigned readings and are required to attend screenings.
Students are responsible for assigned readings and writing assignments.
Students are responsible for assigned readings as well as lecture contents.
Students are responsible for assigned readings regardless if the material is discussed in class.
Students are responsible for assigned readings.
Students are responsible for assignments and material given in their absences.
Students are responsible for assignments and materials covered in class.
Students are responsible for assignments regardless of present or absent.
Students are responsible for assuring that they are officially registered.
Students are responsible for assuring that they fulfill all degree requirements.
Students are responsible for assuring the completeness of their applications.
Students are responsible for attaining course objectives and completing the required activities.
Students are responsible for attaining the accurate audition material from the website.
Students are responsible for attending all classes and for all assigned readings.
Students are responsible for attending all classes and obtaining the information presented in class.
Students are responsible for attending all classes and performances as required.
Students are responsible for attending all lectures and for their own lecture notes.
Students are responsible for attending all sessions.
Students are responsible for attending class and being present for quizzes and examinations.
Students are responsible for attending class and for the material presented in all classes.
Students are responsible for attending class and keeping current with assignments.
Students are responsible for attending class.
Students are responsible for attending classes regularly.
Students are responsible for attending final exams at the scheduled times.
Students are responsible for attending lectures and sections and doing the reading.
Students are responsible for attending such events.
Students are responsible for attending such films.
Students are responsible for attending the course on a regular basis.
Students are responsible for backing up all data on their computers.
Students are responsible for backing up all files to disks.
Students are responsible for backing up all working and final files.
Students are responsible for backing up any work done in and for class.
Students are responsible for backing up their own data at all times onto their own floppy disks.
Students are responsible for basic mathematics content.
Students are responsible for behaving in a safe and orderly fashion on the bus.
Students are responsible for behavior that occurs in their rooms or apartment.
Students are responsible for being aware of any announced changes.
Students are responsible for being aware of any changes.
Students are responsible for being aware of changes announced in class .
Students are responsible for being aware of changes in exam dates.
Students are responsible for being aware of program requirements.
Students are responsible for being aware of schedule changes.
Students are responsible for being aware of their academic status at all times.
Students are responsible for being in the correct venue at the appointed times.
Students are responsible for being in their assigned seats.
Students are responsible for being neat, clean and dressed appropriately.
Students are responsible for being on time and prepared for all class sessions.
Students are responsible for being on time to all classes.
Students are responsible for being prepared for class.
Students are responsible for being prepared for questions on the topic of the day.
Students are responsible for being prepared to take the courses for which they register.
Students are responsible for being present at all scheduled examinations.
Students are responsible for being ready at the appropriate time for the pictures.
Students are responsible for book costs unless other arrangements are established in the contract.
Students are responsible for booking their own travel.
Students are responsible for books and travel.
Students are responsible for books which are lost, stolen, or damaged beyond use.
Students are responsible for books which are lost, stolen, or damaged.
Students are responsible for books, airfare, and other living expenses.
Students are responsible for both all of the lecture and text material.
Students are responsible for both lectures and readings.
Students are responsible for both programmatic inquiry and a formal spatial proposal.
Students are responsible for both reading and lecture material.
Students are responsible for both the assigned readings and the lecture material.
Students are responsible for BOTH the assigned readings and the lecture material.
Students are responsible for both.
Students are responsible for bringing all recyclables to the central location.
Students are responsible for bringing all required materials to class.
Students are responsible for bringing all their own materials to class.
Students are responsible for bringing back the equipment on time so that others can use it.
Students are responsible for bringing back the interim receipt form with parent signature.
Students are responsible for bringing basic camping supplies and their own food.
Students are responsible for bringing copies of their resumes to all on-campus interviews.
Students are responsible for bringing progress reports home.
Students are responsible for bringing questions to the discussion sessions.
Students are responsible for bringing report cards home to parents.
Students are responsible for bringing reports home to parents.
Students are responsible for bringing their books to the session.
Students are responsible for bringing their own instruments.
Students are responsible for bringing their own linen and blankets.
Students are responsible for bringing their own linen and for housekeeping within the room.
Students are responsible for bringing their own meals to the Yeshiva.
Students are responsible for bringing their own phone.
Students are responsible for bringing their own telephone.
Students are responsible for bringing their own telephones.
Students are responsible for bringing to class all materials being used.
Students are responsible for bringing to class any questions about the assigned readings.
Students are responsible for budgeting their meal plan expenditures throughout the semester.
Students are responsible for building and maintaining their own webpages.
Students are responsible for bussing their own trays.
Students are responsible for buying and having film developed.
Students are responsible for buying such items as pillows and blankets.
Students are responsible for buying their own books.
Students are responsible for buying their own materials.
Students are responsible for buying their own textbooks, uniforms, and other incidental costs.
Students are responsible for calf feeding, milking nine milk shifts a week, and other duties.
Students are responsible for calls made on their codes when they loan the code to another student.
Students are responsible for care and protection of their notebook computer.
Students are responsible for care of assigned rooms and furnishings.
Students are responsible for care of public areas and furnishings.
Students are responsible for caring for themselves and for their own needs as much as possible.
Students are responsible for carrying their mailbox key and picking up their mail.
Students are responsible for changes announced during the semester.
Students are responsible for changes announced in class.
Students are responsible for changing their password when prompted by the network.
Students are responsible for changing their passwords.
Students are responsible for charges incurred.
Students are responsible for charges that are in effect at the time a transaction occurs.
Students are responsible for checking course dates with departments.
Students are responsible for checking email and responding to it in a timely manner, if needed.
Students are responsible for checking email regularly.
Students are responsible for checking frequently for changes and updates.
Students are responsible for checking if they are eligible for the further test.
Students are responsible for checking lab open hours and arranging schedules to use the lab.
Students are responsible for checking posted schedules for lesson times.
Students are responsible for checking solutions to verify the correctness of their assignment.
Students are responsible for checking solutions to verify the correctness of their assignments.
Students are responsible for checking the announcements regularly.
Students are responsible for checking the correctness of their assignment.
Students are responsible for checking the online schedule prior to each class.
Students are responsible for checking the specific requirements of their individual degree programs.
Students are responsible for checking the Web site to keep themselves current of the changes.
Students are responsible for checking the website regularly for updates and other information.
Students are responsible for checking their courses against the list before registering.
Students are responsible for checking their mailboxes regularly for such communication.
Students are responsible for checking their portfolios and completing their assignments.
Students are responsible for checking their schedules.
Students are responsible for checking URSA to be sure their official study lists are correct.
Students are responsible for checking WebCT before each class.
Students are responsible for checking with their senior college about the transfer of credits.
Students are responsible for choosing a project and a supervisor.
Students are responsible for choosing permits from their eligible zones.
Students are responsible for choosing their course sections.
Students are responsible for choosing their program of courses in the proper sequence.
Students are responsible for class announcements made via e-mail.
Students are responsible for class attendance and completion of assignments on time.
Students are responsible for class attendance and for all material covered in class.
Students are responsible for class attendance.
Students are responsible for class material missed when absent.
Students are responsible for class material regardless of absence.
Students are responsible for class work and personal correspondence.
Students are responsible for classes missed regardless of the circumstances.
Students are responsible for classroom materials.
Students are responsible for classwork even if there are legitimate reasons for their absence.
Students are responsible for cleaning and upkeep of their room.
Students are responsible for cleaning dishes and cookware.
Students are responsible for cleaning the uniform during the year.
Students are responsible for cleaning their house during the session.
Students are responsible for cleaning their own apartment.
Students are responsible for cleaning their own fly vials.
Students are responsible for cleaning their own mess.
Students are responsible for cleaning their own room or suite.
Students are responsible for cleaning their own rooms and taking care of their personal property.
Students are responsible for cleaning their own rooms, suites and apartments.
Students are responsible for cleaning their own rooms.
Students are responsible for cleaning their rooms and removing trash.
Students are responsible for cleaning their table area after finishing their lunch.
Students are responsible for cleaning their work area before leaving.
Students are responsible for cleaning up after their own pet.
Students are responsible for cleaning up after themselves and properly disposing of their trash.
Students are responsible for cleaning up after themselves.
Students are responsible for cleaning up construction debris as they work.
Students are responsible for cleaning up lunch trash and maintaining a clean microwave oven.
Students are responsible for cleaning up manure and hair from their assigned horse.
Students are responsible for cleaning up their work area before checking out.
Students are responsible for cleaning-up the area in which they eat.
Students are responsible for clearing absences with each instructor.
Students are responsible for clearing all holds prior to registration.
Students are responsible for clearing library records before the end of each semester.
Students are responsible for clearing their station and work area when they complete their work.
Students are responsible for clothes, personal items, and laundry.
Students are responsible for collect call charges.
Students are responsible for collecting assignments upon the completion of the course.
Students are responsible for coming in to measure their plants during the week on their own time.
Students are responsible for coming to class prepared to discuss the required readings.
Students are responsible for coming to class prepared.
Students are responsible for coming to class with their case notes.
Students are responsible for coming to the clinic to take their medications.
Students are responsible for communicating special needs due to disability.
Students are responsible for communicating their interests and concerns to their advisor.
Students are responsible for communicating with their service providers.
Students are responsible for competency in cooking and sewing skills.
Students are responsible for complete and legible information.
Students are responsible for completely logging-off from a computer when completing a WebCT session.
Students are responsible for completin g all of the assigned readings.
Students are responsible for completing a portfolio in all of the systems of technology.
Students are responsible for completing academic work that has been specified and negotiated.
Students are responsible for completing additional competencies, see department adviser.
Students are responsible for completing all assigned readings carefully.
Students are responsible for completing all assigned work, especially the vocabulary words.
Students are responsible for completing all assignments by the specified deadline.
Students are responsible for completing all assignments on time.
Students are responsible for completing all course requirements and for keeping up with assignments.
Students are responsible for completing all necessary prerequisites for any course.
Students are responsible for completing all of the work assigned for the class.
Students are responsible for completing all reading and written assignments prior to class.
Students are responsible for completing all requirements as stated.
Students are responsible for completing all the necessary documentation prior to employment.
Students are responsible for completing all the readings unless they are listed as optional.
Students are responsible for completing and handing in homework assignments on time.
Students are responsible for completing any paperwork necessary to drop the class.
Students are responsible for completing any prerequisite courses as well.
Students are responsible for completing assignments by due dates.
Students are responsible for completing assignments in classes missed during field trips.
Students are responsible for completing assignments on time.
Students are responsible for completing course requirements as stipulated in the course syllabus.
Students are responsible for completing each activity and submitting all work by the due date shown.
Students are responsible for completing further electrotherapy modules.
Students are responsible for completing prerequisite courses where required.
Students are responsible for completing readings prior to the date of the corresponding lecture.
Students are responsible for completing specific forms to request accommodations.
Students are responsible for completing the assigned readings before each class session.
Students are responsible for completing the assignments before class.
Students are responsible for completing the assignments by the date assigned.
Students are responsible for completing the forms.
Students are responsible for completing the proper paperwork.
Students are responsible for completing the spelling workbook, and taking the final test.
Students are responsible for completing the withdrawal process before the final drop deadline.
Students are responsible for completing unfinished class work on their own time.
Students are responsible for completion and submission of assignments on time.
Students are responsible for completion of all assigned reading and all material presented in class.
Students are responsible for completion of all assignments.
Students are responsible for completion of all readings on each topic prior to the class session.
Students are responsible for completion of all requirements deemed appropriate by the faculty.
Students are responsible for completion of any work assigned during an absence.
Students are responsible for completion of two projects throughout the course of the semester.
Students are responsible for complying with all applicable degree requirements for graduation.
Students are responsible for complying with relevant acceptable use policies.
Students are responsible for complying with the concepts of scholastic honesty.
Students are responsible for Complying with the reasonable request of a staff member.
Students are responsible for concert fees.
Students are responsible for configuring and maintaining their own equipment.
Students are responsible for configuring their computer systems to access the course materials.
Students are responsible for confirming date and time of final exam.
Students are responsible for confirming the time and place before the exam.
Students are responsible for consulting the course calendar for assignment due dates.
Students are responsible for consulting the directives of ecclesiastical superiors in such matters.
Students are responsible for consulting their college for changes in their curriculum.
Students are responsible for consulting with the instructor when absent.
Students are responsible for contacting a faculty member to serve as internship sponsor.
Students are responsible for contacting a faculty member to sponsor the internship.
Students are responsible for contacting alumni once a match has been made.
Students are responsible for contacting and making all arrangements with the tutor.
Students are responsible for contacting individual instructors to schedule lessons.
Students are responsible for contacting potential employers to discuss internship possibilities.
Students are responsible for contacting the employer and arranging an interview.
Students are responsible for contacting the employer directly for further instructions.
Students are responsible for contacting the group, organiztion, or company that wants a web page.
Students are responsible for contacting the instructor as soon as possible.
Students are responsible for contacting the prospective employers about their job opportunities.
Students are responsible for contacting the supervisor listed and obtaining their own job.
Students are responsible for contacting the tutor to begin the individual tutoring.
Students are responsible for contacting their advisors to make an advising appointment.
Students are responsible for contacting their funding agencies for application information.
Students are responsible for contacting their internship supervisors for information.
Students are responsible for contacting their teachers to make up class assignments.
Students are responsible for content covered during absences.
Students are responsible for content.
Students are responsible for copy editing and headlines.
Students are responsible for copying information from the board.
Students are responsible for copying it into their homework journal each morning.
Students are responsible for correctly filling in an answer sheet.
Students are responsible for cost of food and transportation.
Students are responsible for cost of own meal.
Students are responsible for costs associated with copying, postage, typing, etc.
Students are responsible for costs associated with individual travel, lodging, and meals.
Students are responsible for costs incurred with off campus referral services.
Students are responsible for costs of passport, visa, insurance and personal costs.
Students are responsible for costs of repairing personally-owned computers.
Students are responsible for costs relating to their transportation to Tucson.
Students are responsible for course changes that are announced in class.
Students are responsible for course fees, books, supplies, and materials.
Students are responsible for covering readings to insure adequate performance on exams.
Students are responsible for covering the cost of their own board.
Students are responsible for covering the costs of books, transportation and personal needs.
Students are responsible for covering the material and taking tests.
Students are responsible for creating sales and expenses for at least the first quarter.
Students are responsible for creating their own database and registering it with spatial datablade.
Students are responsible for credit transfer at their home institution.
Students are responsible for critiquing the readings and for preparing a substantial research paper.
Students are responsible for current semester, and all previous semester requirements at each level.
Students are responsible for daily housekeeping.
Students are responsible for damage resulting from the affixing of materials any place by any means.
Students are responsible for damage to the room and for the key.
Students are responsible for damaged or missing property.
Students are responsible for damages and cleanliness during the conference.
Students are responsible for damages, breakage, loss or delayed return of university property.
Students are responsible for data analysis and written presentation of research results.
Students are responsible for delivering the award check to school's financial aid office.
Students are responsible for delivering their post-secondary grades to the high school.
Students are responsible for delivery of the faculty notification forms.
Students are responsible for demanding that their learning experiences be integrative.
Students are responsible for designing an evaluation study in their chosen substantive area.
Students are responsible for designing degree plans that meet degree requirements.
Students are responsible for designing, conducting and writing-up two independent research projects.
Students are responsible for determining that they have satisfied all requirements for graduation.
Students are responsible for determining the sequence of operations necessary to produce a product.
Students are responsible for determining their departmental requirements .
Students are responsible for determining their own eligibility.
Students are responsible for determining when campus computer labs are available for their use.
Students are responsible for determining which option best suits their courses of study.
Students are responsible for developing an understanding of the course material.
Students are responsible for developing and maintaining the writing portfolio.
Students are responsible for developing clays and glazes and firing their work.
Students are responsible for developing their individual programs.
Students are responsible for developing their own special projects based on their interests.
Students are responsible for devising a schedule which meets all major and degree requirements.
Students are responsible for dinner.
Students are responsible for direct costs upon registration.
Students are responsible for directing at least some aspects of their learning.
Students are responsible for discarding their own garbage and general clean up of desk.
Students are responsible for distributing tickets to their guests.
Students are responsible for documentation of their allegations to the extent possible.
Students are responsible for documenting their attendance by signing the attendance sheet.
Students are responsible for documenting their presence by signing the attendance sheet.
Students are responsible for doing all assignments.
Students are responsible for doing homework even if they are absent.
Students are responsible for doing the assigned readings on a weekly basis.
Students are responsible for doing the homework.
Students are responsible for doing their own work even if they work together .
Students are responsible for downloading and installing the player on their own computer.
Students are responsible for downloading their assignments.
Students are responsible for drawing and painting supplies and paper.
Students are responsible for drawing on the expertise of their mentors.
Students are responsible for dropping a course before the cut-off dates for such a transaction.
Students are responsible for dropping classes on the given withdrawal date.
Students are responsible for dropping classes to avoid potential charges and failing grades.
Students are responsible for each book they are issued.
Students are responsible for each course in which they are enrolled.
Students are responsible for editing, producing, printing, and marketing the journal.
Students are responsible for e-mail sent from their account.
Students are responsible for e-mailing their instructor with questions or concerns.
Students are responsible for enrolling in programs that lead to initial teacher certification.
Students are responsible for enrolling in the courses needed for completion of their degrees.
Students are responsible for enrollment errors.
Students are responsible for ensuring compliance with stated prerequisites .
Students are responsible for ensuring that all experiments are completed at the scheduled time.
Students are responsible for ensuring that both invoices are paid.
Students are responsible for ensuring that payment arrangements are made before lessons begin.
Students are responsible for ensuring that the fees for their courses are met.
Students are responsible for ensuring that their course enrollments are correct.
Students are responsible for ensuring that their current email addresses are on the listserv.
Students are responsible for ensuring that their laptop is properly equipped and operational.
Students are responsible for ensuring that their registration is complete and accurate.
Students are responsible for ensuring that their tuition and fee bill is paid by the required date.
Students are responsible for ensuring that their work is kept in a secure place.
Students are responsible for ensuring that they are aware of changes.
Students are responsible for ensuring that they are on the class rolls.
Students are responsible for ensuring that they complete all exams and papers by the proper dates.
Students are responsible for ensuring that they complete all exams by the proper dates.
Students are responsible for ensuring that they have the prerequisites for cross-listed courses.
Students are responsible for ensuring that they meet all course prerequisites for any course.
Students are responsible for ensuring that they receive the lessons for which they have paid.
Students are responsible for ensuring their course of study falls within the program guidelines.
Students are responsible for ensuring their phone number rings in their room.
Students are responsible for ensuring they appear on professor's class rosters.
Students are responsible for ensuring they appear on professors' class rosters.
Students are responsible for ensuring they are properly registered for all courses they attend.
Students are responsible for entire chapters, unless otherwise specified.
Students are responsible for equipment and food.
Students are responsible for equipment they check out.
Students are responsible for erasing the reminder.
Students are responsible for establishing good work habits, using various forms as guides.
Students are responsible for evening and all weekend meals.
Students are responsible for every aspect of their piece.
Students are responsible for every detail of the entry for each of the assigned words.
Students are responsible for everything covered in class.
Students are responsible for everything discussed in class.
Students are responsible for everything discussed or announced in class.
Students are responsible for everything that is assigned and that goes on in class.
Students are responsible for everything that is covered in class.
Students are responsible for expediting payment promptly.
Students are responsible for expenses and transportation associated with field placement.
Students are responsible for expenses incurred through referral.
Students are responsible for expenses, including travel, incurred in clinical experiences.
Students are responsible for facilitating communication between the advisor and the organization.
Students are responsible for familiarizing themselves with all course requirements and assignments.
Students are responsible for familiarizing themselves with appropriate emergency exits.
Students are responsible for familiarizing themselves with relevant regulations.
Students are responsible for familiarizing themselves with text material.
Students are responsible for familiarizing themselves with the library procedures and regulations.
Students are responsible for familiarizing themselves with the terms and conditions of the contract.
Students are responsible for feeding and management of feeder pigs.
Students are responsible for feeding patients in Isolation.
Students are responsible for fees and textbooks.
Students are responsible for fees if they fail to withdraw.
Students are responsible for fees incurred at private offices, laboratories and pharmacies.
Students are responsible for fees, tuition and textbook costs.
Students are responsible for fees.
Students are responsible for filing claims to their primary insurance companies.
Students are responsible for filing required forms, associated fees, and grade transcripts.
Students are responsible for filing the correct application.
Students are responsible for filing their own health insurance claims.
Students are responsible for film, paper and chemicals.
Students are responsible for film, paper, and chemicals.
Students are responsible for finalizing clinical schedule with their preceptors.
Students are responsible for financing their own education.
Students are responsible for finding a child to work with at the computer for five sessions.
Students are responsible for finding a faculty member to sponsor readings and research.
Students are responsible for finding a lab and instructor willing to do the make-up.
Students are responsible for finding a sponsoring agency for the internship.
Students are responsible for finding alternative resources when necessary.
Students are responsible for finding and applying for internships.
Students are responsible for finding employment .
Students are responsible for finding information necessary to solve problems.
Students are responsible for finding interesting tidbits to share with other class members.
Students are responsible for finding out about missed assignments.
Students are responsible for finding out about missed classes from other students.
Students are responsible for finding out the dates for the exam and application period.
Students are responsible for finding out what they missed if they are absent.
Students are responsible for finding their own employment on campus.
Students are responsible for finding their own employment.
Students are responsible for finding their own faculty mentors.
Students are responsible for finding their own faculty sponsors.
Students are responsible for finding their own housing in Quebec.
Students are responsible for finding their own housing.
Students are responsible for finding their own internship .
Students are responsible for finding their own internship, which can be either paid or unpaid.
Students are responsible for finding their own job on campus.
Students are responsible for finding their own job.
Students are responsible for finding their own jobs.
Students are responsible for finding their own living arrangements in Tokyo.
Students are responsible for finding their own lodging.
Students are responsible for finding their own on-campus jobs.
Students are responsible for finding their own performers and rehearsing.
Students are responsible for finding their own place of internship.
Students are responsible for finding their own qualifying positions.
Students are responsible for finding their own work-study job.
Students are responsible for finding willing preceptors and appropriate employment.
Students are responsible for fines issued to their guests.
Students are responsible for fines or penalties.
Students are responsible for finishing their projects when taking lessons.
Students are responsible for five assignments.
Students are responsible for five speaking assignments.
Students are responsible for following all additional rules listed in the student handbook.
Students are responsible for following proper enrollment procedures and for meeting all deadlines.
Students are responsible for following the Computer Lab Policy sheet.
Students are responsible for following the directions of the instructor concerning all assignments.
Students are responsible for following the guidelines established for the course.
Students are responsible for following the instructions.
Students are responsible for following the policies.
Students are responsible for following the requirements set by each instructor.
Students are responsible for following the syllabus and change.
Students are responsible for food and personal maintenance costs during out trips.
Students are responsible for food and travel.
Students are responsible for food or food costs.
Students are responsible for food, hotel bills and transportation.
Students are responsible for forming their own groups for the required group project.
Students are responsible for forming their own groups.
Students are responsible for forming their own team.
Students are responsible for formulating a detailed plan of study under faculty guidance.
Students are responsible for friends and family members who drive on campus.
Students are responsible for fufilling clearly stated high expectationss .
Students are responsible for fulfilling all prerequisites and program requirements.
Students are responsible for fulfilling all requirements in an appropriate and timely fashion.
Students are responsible for fulfilling all three roles at least once during our weekly meetings.
Students are responsible for fulfilling any prerequisites for such courses.
Students are responsible for fulfilling clearly stated high expectations.
Students are responsible for fulfilling the published requirements.
Students are responsible for full participation in the class.
Students are responsible for full payment of tuition and housing expenses.
Students are responsible for full payment regardless of number of weeks attended.
Students are responsible for funding all their own transportation.
Students are responsible for furnishing their own display board.
Students are responsible for furnishing their own telephone to use in their room.
Students are responsible for general university requirements.
Students are responsible for getting ALL make-up work and turning it in on time.
Students are responsible for getting all required signatures.
Students are responsible for getting any missed materials.
Students are responsible for getting assignments when they are absent.
Students are responsible for getting lecture notes from a classmate if they miss class.
Students are responsible for getting missed information from other attending students.
Students are responsible for getting missed material from a classmate when absent from class.
Students are responsible for getting ratings to faculty.
Students are responsible for getting the information they missed.
Students are responsible for getting to and from the convention site in downtown Phoenix.
Students are responsible for getting to Calgary and the standard tuition fee for a summer course.
Students are responsible for giving specific direction to their readers regarding recording needs.
Students are responsible for giving specific directions to their typist regarding the assignments.
Students are responsible for good behavior on the Internet just as they are in a school building.
Students are responsible for having access to the textbook during class periods.
Students are responsible for having adequate supplies.
Students are responsible for having an operational calculator during exams.
Students are responsible for having an understanding of the chapter prior to class.
Students are responsible for having goggles for every laboratory.
Students are responsible for having independently read and understood the content of the textbook.
Students are responsible for having prepared all assignments by the date required.
Students are responsible for having proper insurance during all aspects of campus life.
Students are responsible for having read all of the assigned chapters.
Students are responsible for having read and being prepared to discuss text material prior to class.
Students are responsible for having read material the night before class.
Students are responsible for having scores sent to the appropriate state department of education.
Students are responsible for having the faculty members contacted about test accommodation needs.
Students are responsible for having the proper equipment.
Students are responsible for having the required number of tickets at all times.
Students are responsible for having their materials available for each class.
Students are responsible for having their own telephones.
Students are responsible for having their transcripts evaluated, as well as for associated costs.
Students are responsible for health care cost when services are rendered by a health care agency.
Students are responsible for health insurance and malpractice insurance while at a fieldwork site.
Students are responsible for helping a teacher twice a week for the entire semester.
Students are responsible for homework assigned and tests completed in their absence.
Students are responsible for homework due dates regardless of technical difficulties.
Students are responsible for homework, class involvement, presentations and group projects.
Students are responsible for hooking it up themselves, but can call the office with any questions.
Students are responsible for hotel cancellations.
Students are responsible for hotel fees and meals.
Students are responsible for housekeeping and maintenance of the laboratory, classroom, and clinic.
Students are responsible for housekeeping within the room.
Students are responsible for housing and travel costs to Pittsburgh.
Students are responsible for housing, board, books, travel and incidental costs.
Students are responsible for housing, school supplies and living expenses.
Students are responsible for identifying an internship opportunity of interest.
Students are responsible for identifying and applying for any such aid.
Students are responsible for identifying their internships.
Students are responsible for incidental expenses, such as textbooks, recreation, travel, etc.
Students are responsible for in-class exercises.
Students are responsible for indicating proper residence at the time of registration.
Students are responsible for individual bookings.
Students are responsible for individual travel reservations and expenses.
Students are responsible for individual withdrawals.
Students are responsible for information and assignments presented during an absence.
Students are responsible for information and material distributed in class.
Students are responsible for information and materials when absent.
Students are responsible for information and notices sent via e-mail.
Students are responsible for information announced during class meetings.
Students are responsible for information communicated via email.
Students are responsible for information contained in the annual Student Handbook.
Students are responsible for information covered during their absence.
Students are responsible for information covered in both lectures and reading assignments.
Students are responsible for information covered on the lab trips.
Students are responsible for information in both lectures and readings.
Students are responsible for information posted on the website.
Students are responsible for information presented during field trips.
Students are responsible for information presented in classes missed.
Students are responsible for information provided as well as the information in the texts.
Students are responsible for information that is distributed via the listserv.
Students are responsible for informing guests of parking regulations.
Students are responsible for informing the instructor about any delay prior to submission date.
Students are responsible for informing their guests about parking regulations.
Students are responsible for informing their instructor regarding scheduled exam dates.
Students are responsible for informing themselves of such policies and procedures.
Students are responsible for initiating a withdrawal from the course.
Students are responsible for initiating action to make up work missed due to unavoidable absence.
Students are responsible for initiating advising contact and preparing for advising sessions.
Students are responsible for initiating and maintaining the advisement process.
Students are responsible for initiating any action to withdraw or drop a course.
Students are responsible for initiating drop cards .
Students are responsible for initiating drop cards.
Students are responsible for initiating drops.
Students are responsible for initiating makeup work.
Students are responsible for initiating text-related discussions.
Students are responsible for initiating the extra-hour proposals.
Students are responsible for initiating the minor certification process.
Students are responsible for initiating the process.
Students are responsible for initiating the withdrawal procedure.
Students are responsible for installation and configuration of their browser and compiler software.
Students are responsible for installation of the card and configuation of their own machines.
Students are responsible for installing and configuring their computers.
Students are responsible for installing necessary software and configuring their machines.
Students are responsible for instructions provided in email as well as in class.
Students are responsible for insuring that exams are mailed to the library in a timely fashion.
Students are responsible for insuring the accuracy of their Web site contents .
Students are responsible for intense reading, research, and writing between class meetings.
Students are responsible for interest which is accumulated from the date of disbursement.
Students are responsible for interest while attending college.
Students are responsible for internet access and computer resources.
Students are responsible for Internet-access costs.
Students are responsible for keeping a copy of all submitted assignments.
Students are responsible for keeping a copy of all written assignments submitted to the faculty.
Students are responsible for keeping a copy of their paper.
Students are responsible for keeping a copy of their papers.
Students are responsible for keeping a log of books read.
Students are responsible for keeping abreast of any changes to the schedule.
Students are responsible for keeping abreast of class assignments.
Students are responsible for keeping all exam copies available until the end of the semester.
Students are responsible for keeping appointments and bringing work to the sessions.
Students are responsible for keeping backup copies of important files.
Students are responsible for keeping copies of all forms.
Students are responsible for keeping copies of all typed work turned in to the instructor.
Students are responsible for keeping copyrighted software of any kind from entering the school.
Students are responsible for keeping current on any changes in the syllabus announced in class.
Students are responsible for keeping current on any modifications of assignments made in class.
Students are responsible for keeping current with any changes.
Students are responsible for keeping current with local, national and international news events.
Students are responsible for keeping current with the assignments.
Students are responsible for keeping in touch.
Students are responsible for keeping informed of announced changes in the calendar.
Students are responsible for keeping informed of official policies and regulations.
Students are responsible for keeping lab orderly.
Students are responsible for keeping lockers neat and clean.
Students are responsible for keeping parents informed of their standing and progress.
Students are responsible for keeping soft and hard copies of their works.
Students are responsible for keeping such information current.
Students are responsible for keeping that office informed of any change of address.
Students are responsible for keeping the dojo clean.
Students are responsible for keeping the lab orderly.
Students are responsible for keeping the locker rooms clean and free of vandalism.
Students are responsible for keeping the lounge a clean, welcoming environment.
Students are responsible for keeping the school clean.
Students are responsible for keeping the water level high in the buckets.
Students are responsible for keeping their doors locked at all times.
Students are responsible for keeping their own records.
Students are responsible for keeping their research areas clean, secure, and neat at all times.
Students are responsible for keeping their room free of unsanitary conditions.
Students are responsible for keeping their rooms and apartments in a sanitary condition.
Students are responsible for keeping their rooms clean and in good order.
Students are responsible for keeping their rooms clean at all times.
Students are responsible for keeping themselves aware of the dates of topics and exams.
Students are responsible for keeping themselves aware of the most recent information.
Students are responsible for keeping themselves informed of any changes.
Students are responsible for keeping themselves informed regarding their degree plans.
Students are responsible for keeping track of any changes in the schedule.
Students are responsible for keeping track of drop deadlines.
Students are responsible for keeping track of medications, how much was ordered, and when.
Students are responsible for keeping track of reading assignments, exam dates, etc.
Students are responsible for keeping track of such changes.
Students are responsible for keeping track of their breakfast and lunch tickets.
Students are responsible for keeping track of their law school academic credits and requirements.
Students are responsible for keeping track of their work until the packet s due date.
Students are responsible for keeping up with all announced changes made to the following schedule.
Students are responsible for keeping up with all changes.
Students are responsible for keeping up with any changes.
Students are responsible for keeping up with assignments as given in class.
Students are responsible for keeping up with homework assignments.
Students are responsible for keeping up with test dates and information.
Students are responsible for keeping up with the assigned reading and exercises in the outline.
Students are responsible for keeping up with the class conference and the website.
Students are responsible for knoiwing how to work all the problems, starred amd unstarred.
Students are responsible for knowing about all announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for knowing all announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for knowing and adhering to any such revisions.
Students are responsible for knowing and adhering to the published dates and deadlines.
Students are responsible for knowing and complying with the rules and regulations of the law school.
Students are responsible for knowing and following all prerequisites.
Students are responsible for knowing and following university requirements.
Students are responsible for knowing and fulfilling all prerequisites prior to registration.
Students are responsible for knowing and fulfilling all university, college and major requirements.
Students are responsible for knowing and meeting all prerequisites and degree requirements.
Students are responsible for knowing and meeting all proficiency requirements.
Students are responsible for knowing and meeting degree requirements.
Students are responsible for knowing and meeting the complete regulations.
Students are responsible for knowing and observing the regulations and policies.
Students are responsible for knowing and recognizing monuments discussed in the lectures.
Students are responsible for knowing and understanding the contents of their chosen Catalog .
Students are responsible for knowing any material posted to the newsgroups by the instructor or TAs.
Students are responsible for knowing content covered in every class meeting.
Students are responsible for knowing course refund information.
Students are responsible for knowing current regulations regardless of matriculation date.
Students are responsible for knowing current university regulations.
Students are responsible for knowing degree requirements.
Students are responsible for knowing how to operate their computer system and software.
Students are responsible for knowing lab availability.
Students are responsible for knowing material in the assigned reading, problems, labs, and lectures.
Students are responsible for knowing medical school policies and procedures.
Students are responsible for knowing regulations.
Students are responsible for knowing residency status and for registering under the proper status.
Students are responsible for knowing the basic principles of academic honesty.
Students are responsible for knowing the borrowing policy for reserve items.
Students are responsible for knowing the College Catalog and the requirements stated therein.
Students are responsible for knowing the contents of the Code of Conduct .
Students are responsible for knowing the current examination schedules.
Students are responsible for knowing the deadline for payment of tuition and fees.
Students are responsible for knowing the exam dates and the assigned material.
Students are responsible for knowing the exam schedule for courses in which they are enrolled.
Students are responsible for knowing the fine policy for reserve items.
Students are responsible for knowing the laws regarding firearms.
Students are responsible for knowing the number of programs they have attended.
Students are responsible for knowing the policies and practices given therein.
Students are responsible for knowing the principles of academic honesty.
Students are responsible for knowing the requirements for their degree program.
Students are responsible for knowing the rules and regulations in the Calendar.
Students are responsible for knowing the withdrawal policy.
Students are responsible for knowing their academic standing.
Students are responsible for knowing their department's scheduling advisement rules.
Students are responsible for knowing their location and operation.
Students are responsible for knowing their own check-in time.
Students are responsible for knowing what constitutes academic dishonesty.
Students are responsible for knowing what fees they are being charged.
Students are responsible for knowing what is announced and assigned in class each day.
Students are responsible for knowing what the degree requirements are.
Students are responsible for knowing when all performances are scheduled.
Students are responsible for knowing when assignments are due.
Students are responsible for knowing when things are due.
Students are responsible for laboratory equipment.
Students are responsible for laboratory fees and purchasing supplies for projects.
Students are responsible for laundering their own linens.
Students are responsible for leadership of class discussion.
Students are responsible for leading discussions on topics of their choice.
Students are responsible for leading the discussions in the second half of the term.
Students are responsible for learning about program requirements and obtaining course approval.
Students are responsible for learning all materials presented in class and covered by the text.
Students are responsible for learning and abiding by the policies and regulations.
Students are responsible for learning and following appropriate safety procedures in the laboratory.
Students are responsible for learning how to make their schedule.
Students are responsible for learning material covered in missed sessions.
Students are responsible for learning of any changes in the syllabus that are announced in class.
Students are responsible for learning of any changes made during missed classes.
Students are responsible for learning the answer and sharing it with the class.
Students are responsible for learning the content of any course for which they are enrolled.
Students are responsible for learning the degree requirements of their program of study.
Students are responsible for learning the material in each of the following items and tables.
Students are responsible for learning to operate their own financial calculator.
Students are responsible for learning.
Students are responsible for leaving the work areas they have used in a clean condition.
Students are responsible for lecture and laboratory materials missed in their absence.
Students are responsible for lecture content that is posted on the web.
Students are responsible for lecture material and the assigned readings.
Students are responsible for lecture material as well as for the text.
Students are responsible for lecture material as well as readings.
Students are responsible for letting parents know about the items charged.
Students are responsible for liability insurance.
Students are responsible for library fines.
Students are responsible for limiting the amount of data stored in their e-mail area.
Students are responsible for living and transportation arrangements .
Students are responsible for living and traveling expenses.
Students are responsible for living expenses, including accommodations and meals.
Students are responsible for locating a job or jobs.
Students are responsible for locating a mentor participant and logging hours.
Students are responsible for locating a place of residence.
Students are responsible for locating a proctor for test taking.
Students are responsible for locating a specific list or document from a group of documents.
Students are responsible for locating a test administrator in their area.
Students are responsible for locating an acceptable proctor to administer the exam.
Students are responsible for locating and signing the roll.
Students are responsible for locating copies of the books they choose.
Students are responsible for locating practicum placements in their communities.
Students are responsible for locating practicum placements.
Students are responsible for locating their own externship site.
Students are responsible for locking the door to their own room.
Students are responsible for locking their bikes.
Students are responsible for locking their own suites.
Students are responsible for lodging and food, except breakfast and lunch during the class days.
Students are responsible for long distance tolls and for providing their own phones.
Students are responsible for loss of any personal property.
Students are responsible for lost and damaged books.
Students are responsible for lost or damaged books.
Students are responsible for mailing assignments to the instructor by the due date.
Students are responsible for mailing back returnable items.
Students are responsible for mailing the applications and application fees.
Students are responsible for mailing the form.
Students are responsible for mailing their own transcripts.
Students are responsible for maintaining a clean room.
Students are responsible for maintaining a journal of their experiences during the internship.
Students are responsible for maintaining a positive lunchroom atmosphere.
Students are responsible for maintaining an adequate supply of application materials in their file.
Students are responsible for maintaining an appropriate mailing address.
Students are responsible for maintaining and cleaning out their own space.
Students are responsible for maintaining and competently using their computer.
Students are responsible for maintaining and developing the campus and numerous display gardens.
Students are responsible for maintaining communication with their advisor regarding their program.
Students are responsible for maintaining copies of all their files.
Students are responsible for maintaining current immunization throughout the program.
Students are responsible for maintaining current mailing addresses on their student accounts.
Students are responsible for maintaining eligibility.
Students are responsible for maintaining organized records of graded assignments and examinations.
Students are responsible for maintaining the books.
Students are responsible for maintaining the cleanliness and order of their own rooms.
Students are responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of their individual rooms.
Students are responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of their rooms and the common area.
Students are responsible for maintaining the room and furnishings in good condition.
Students are responsible for maintaining the room in a neat and professional manner.
Students are responsible for maintaining their own computer equipment.
Students are responsible for maintaining their own computers and software required for each class.
Students are responsible for maintaining their own continuous registration.
Students are responsible for maintaining their own laptop computers.
Students are responsible for maintaining their own library cards.
Students are responsible for maintaining their pages.
Students are responsible for maintenance and replacement of any lost or damaged devices.
Students are responsible for maintenance fees for uniforms.
Students are responsible for maintenance of their horses' stall as directed.
Students are responsible for major reading and writing assignments, plus unit projects.
Students are responsible for make up work.
Students are responsible for making a written evaluation of the tutor.
Students are responsible for making adjustments to all announced changes.
Students are responsible for making airfare arrangements.
Students are responsible for making all necessary arrangements.
Students are responsible for making all up-front tuition payments themselves.
Students are responsible for making an appointment with a faculty advisor at least once per term .
Students are responsible for making and keeping appointments for tutoring.
Students are responsible for making any changes in their class schedule.
Students are responsible for making any necessary estimated tax payments.
Students are responsible for making application and paying required fees to take the examination.
Students are responsible for making appointments and following through with the vaccination series.
Students are responsible for making arrangement for any off-campus experience.
Students are responsible for making arrangements for their round-trip international flight to Paris.
Students are responsible for making arrangements to get from the airports to their hotel.
Students are responsible for making arrangements to make up all work missed.
Students are responsible for making arrangements with faculty readers who are gone for the summer.
Students are responsible for making arrangements with proctors.
Students are responsible for making backup arrangements in the event of software problems.
Students are responsible for making backup copies of all files in their web accounts.
Students are responsible for making backup copies of their computer files.
Students are responsible for making backup copies of their own desktop computer files.
Students are responsible for making certain that hours are turned in on time.
Students are responsible for making contact and arrangements with the employer.
Students are responsible for making copies of the form.
Students are responsible for making copies of their handouts.
Students are responsible for making extra copies of their work in case of lost copies.
Students are responsible for making final arrangements as needed.
Students are responsible for making first contact with agency and obtain relevant information.
Students are responsible for making instructors aware of their needs.
Students are responsible for making it to their rounds on time.
Students are responsible for making practicum transportation arrangements.
Students are responsible for making progress toward graduation at all times.
Students are responsible for making such applications.
Students are responsible for making sure all five papers are completed by the end of the semester.
Students are responsible for making sure all papers and trash are disposed of properly.
Students are responsible for making sure applications are turned in and completed by the deadline.
Students are responsible for making sure credit requirements are achieved.
Students are responsible for making sure that the information is correct.
Students are responsible for making sure that their attendance at shared practices is recorded.
Students are responsible for making sure their images are appearing on the gallery page.
Students are responsible for making sure their schedules are correct.
Students are responsible for making sure they have met prerequisites prior to enrolling in courses.
Students are responsible for making sure they receive such materials.
Students are responsible for making sure they satisfy all the requirements for their degree.
Students are responsible for making the initial request to their professors.
Students are responsible for making the necessary arrangements.
Students are responsible for making the necessary charter reservations with Olympus.
Students are responsible for making their own arrangements for accommodations and transportation.
Students are responsible for making their own arrangements with their employers for reimbursement.
Students are responsible for making their own arrangements.
Students are responsible for making their own beds, except at the beginning of the first term.
Students are responsible for making their own flight arrangements.
Students are responsible for making their own housing and transportation arrangements.
Students are responsible for making their own housing arrangements.
Students are responsible for making their own international travel arrangements.
Students are responsible for making their own makeup reservations after instructor approval.
Students are responsible for making their own make-up reservations after instructor approval.
Students are responsible for making their own reservations and travel plans.
Students are responsible for making their own reservations to their home country.
Students are responsible for making their own reservations.
Students are responsible for making their own ride and room arrangements for the trip.
Students are responsible for making their own travel and living arrangements.
Students are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to and from Dublin.
Students are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to and from Italy.
Students are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to and from Paris.
Students are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to and from their field placement.
Students are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to and from Venice.
Students are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to Tallahassee.
Students are responsible for making their own travel arrangements.
Students are responsible for making travel arrangements.
Students are responsible for making up all missed coursework.
Students are responsible for making up all uncompleted assignments, quizzes and tests.
Students are responsible for making up all work and examinations missed during their absence.
Students are responsible for making up all work missed due to absence.
Students are responsible for making up all work missed during absences.
Students are responsible for making up any missed class assignments.
Students are responsible for making up any missed work if the class has already met.
Students are responsible for making up any missed work promptly following an absence.
Students are responsible for making up any missed work.
Students are responsible for making up any work missed as assigned by the instructors.
Students are responsible for making up any work missed while absent.
Students are responsible for making up any work missed.
Students are responsible for making up for their absences.
Students are responsible for making up missed assignments.
Students are responsible for making up missed work if they are absent.
Students are responsible for making up missed work, quizzes, exams.
Students are responsible for making up within a reasonable time any missed homework.
Students are responsible for making up work due to absences.
Students are responsible for making up work in any missed class.
Students are responsible for making up work missed by excused absences.
Students are responsible for making up work missed due to absences.
Students are responsible for making up work missed.
Students are responsible for managing all aspects of dormitory room telephone service.
Students are responsible for managing and coordinating the use of the space.
Students are responsible for managing and monitoring student learning.
Students are responsible for managing their aid during the semester.
Students are responsible for managing their time.
Students are responsible for mastering a significant amount of scientific material.
Students are responsible for material contained in the text.
Students are responsible for material covered and announcements made in class.
Students are responsible for material covered and assignments .
Students are responsible for material covered and assignments when absent from class.
Students are responsible for material covered and assignments.
Students are responsible for material covered and readings assigned in class.
Students are responsible for material covered during their absences.
Students are responsible for material covered in any missed classes.
Students are responsible for material covered in both the lectures and readings.
Students are responsible for material covered in class and for all assigned reading.
Students are responsible for material covered in class during their absence.
Students are responsible for material covered in class.
Students are responsible for material covered in each class session.
Students are responsible for material covered in lectures and discussions.
Students are responsible for material covered in their absence.
Students are responsible for material discussed in all classes before an exam.
Students are responsible for material from all lectures.
Students are responsible for material in any missed classes.
Students are responsible for material in the textbooks and on the Web site.
Students are responsible for material made in announcements.
Students are responsible for material missed in any absence.
Students are responsible for material missed regardless of the reason for the absence.
Students are responsible for material missed, whatever the reason.
Students are responsible for material presented during their absence.
Students are responsible for material presented in class lectures as well as in the texts.
Students are responsible for material presented in class.
Students are responsible for material presented in lectures and in reading assignments.
Students are responsible for material they borrow Rewrite the sentence in the passive.
Students are responsible for material they borrow.
Students are responsible for materials and assignments made in their absence.
Students are responsible for materials and equipment.
Students are responsible for materials presented in such meetings or activities.
Students are responsible for meal money.
Students are responsible for meals and lodging.
Students are responsible for meals and other expenses.
Students are responsible for meals, souvenirs, and personal expenses during free times.
Students are responsible for medication costs.
Students are responsible for meeting academic requirements in their respective degree programs.
Students are responsible for meeting all deadlines and completing applications and forms accurately.
Students are responsible for meeting all deadlines and completing appropriate paperwork.
Students are responsible for meeting all degree requirements and financial obligations.
Students are responsible for meeting all degree requirements.
Students are responsible for meeting all housing contract deadlines.
Students are responsible for meeting all on-campus interviewing deadlines.
Students are responsible for meeting all prerequisites as listed in the Course Description book.
Students are responsible for meeting all prerequisites as listed in the Course Description Book.
Students are responsible for meeting all prerequisites before enrolling in a course.
Students are responsible for meeting all program requirements.
Students are responsible for meeting all requirements for graduation.
Students are responsible for meeting any course prerequisite.
Students are responsible for meeting application deadlines as noted in announcements.
Students are responsible for meeting class deadlines.
Students are responsible for meeting course prerequisites before enrolling in a specific course.
Students are responsible for meeting course prerequisites or soliciting prerequisite waivers.
Students are responsible for meeting course prerequisites prior to registering.
Students are responsible for meeting deadlines and requirements of the pact.
Students are responsible for meeting deadlines for tuition and fee payment.
Students are responsible for meeting prerequisites.
Students are responsible for meeting regularly with the adviser.
Students are responsible for meeting requirements necessary for certification.
Students are responsible for meeting stated deadlines.
Students are responsible for meeting teacher expectations.
Students are responsible for meeting the admission requirements of the host college.
Students are responsible for meeting the course assignments as outlined in the course calendar.
Students are responsible for meeting the dress code of the clinical agency.
Students are responsible for meeting the graduation requirements of their major curriculum.
Students are responsible for meeting the pre-requisites for all courses.
Students are responsible for meeting the prerequisites for all courses.
Students are responsible for meeting the requirements for entry into their chosen major.
Students are responsible for meeting the requirements for graduation.
Students are responsible for meeting the requirements of all courses in which they are enrolled.
Students are responsible for meeting the stated course prerequisites for which they register.
Students are responsible for meeting with their little sibling on an individual basis.
Students are responsible for missed assignments and lectures.
Students are responsible for missed class work and assignments.
Students are responsible for missed content.
Students are responsible for missed work for any absence.
Students are responsible for mitigating problems related to computer malfunctions.
Students are responsible for mixing their own glazes and firing their work.
Students are responsible for monitoring and contributing to class electronic communication.
Students are responsible for monitoring their own award to ensure compliance.
Students are responsible for monitoring their own progress and understanding all homework problems.
Students are responsible for monitoring their own progress throughout the course.
Students are responsible for monitoring their own progress throughout the semester.
Students are responsible for monitoring their progress toward graduation.
Students are responsible for monitoring their scores over the course of the semester.
Students are responsible for monitoring their testing time and completing their exams on time.
Students are responsible for most meals and all miscellaneous expenses.
Students are responsible for most of the discussion in class meetings.
Students are responsible for most of their travel expenses as well as graduate school tuition.
Students are responsible for moving personal refrigerators.
Students are responsible for moving vehicles from restricted lots on time.
Students are responsible for next assignments as though they had been present.
Students are responsible for notifying parent when detention is assigned.
Students are responsible for notifying the financial aid office at the time of their withdrawal.
Students are responsible for notifying the financial aid office of any tuition refund they receive.
Students are responsible for notifying the instructor of any change in credit or grading status.
Students are responsible for notifying the instructor of any change in credit status.
Students are responsible for notifying their degree analyst of their anticipated date of graduation.
Students are responsible for notifying their instructors in advance of their participation.
Students are responsible for notifying their instructors of absences caused by illness or injury.
Students are responsible for notifying their professors when class is missed due to illness.
Students are responsible for noting and fulfilling all prerequisites for each individual course.
Students are responsible for noting changes in their notebooks.
Students are responsible for observing the filing dates and for preparing the theses in proper form.
Students are responsible for obtaining a clear understanding of the system.
Students are responsible for obtaining a copy and reading the policy.
Students are responsible for obtaining a copy of the book for their use.
Students are responsible for obtaining a valid passport.
Students are responsible for obtaining access to all necessary materials.
Students are responsible for obtaining advisement.
Students are responsible for obtaining all information, announcement, and assignments.
Students are responsible for obtaining all missed information from other students.
Students are responsible for obtaining all necessary copyrights for their presentations.
Students are responsible for obtaining all notes and announcements from other class members.
Students are responsible for obtaining all signatures required.
Students are responsible for obtaining and following the guidelines.
Students are responsible for obtaining and maintaining Internet connections.
Students are responsible for obtaining and making up assignments.
Students are responsible for obtaining and reviewing the study material before class.
Students are responsible for obtaining any materials or information given out in their absence.
Students are responsible for obtaining any missed assignments or notes.
Students are responsible for obtaining any missed lecture notes from their classmates.
Students are responsible for obtaining any notes or materials presented during an absence.
Students are responsible for obtaining any required textbooks.
Students are responsible for obtaining approval to transfer credit.
Students are responsible for obtaining approved methods for written and fitness testing.
Students are responsible for obtaining assignments for absences of fewer than three days.
Students are responsible for obtaining assignments prior to class from other students in the class.
Students are responsible for obtaining assignments when absent.
Students are responsible for obtaining counselees with advisement and approval of instructor.
Students are responsible for obtaining credit approval in advance from their high school counselor.
Students are responsible for obtaining credit in advance from their high school counselor.
Students are responsible for obtaining from classmates material covered during an absence.
Students are responsible for obtaining information and assignments missed during absence.
Students are responsible for obtaining information and handouts from classes that they have missed.
Students are responsible for obtaining information regarding program changes.
Students are responsible for obtaining lecture notes and handouts they missed due to absence.
Students are responsible for obtaining material missed when absent from fellow students.
Students are responsible for obtaining materials for the class.
Students are responsible for obtaining missed class material.
Students are responsible for obtaining missed class materials when they are absent.
Students are responsible for obtaining missed class notes and information due to absences.
Students are responsible for obtaining missed material when absent from fellow students.
Students are responsible for obtaining notes for a missed lecture from one another.
Students are responsible for obtaining peer feedback to assess the success of their demonstrations.
Students are responsible for obtaining required texts and other course materials.
Students are responsible for obtaining specific degree requirements from the department or program.
Students are responsible for obtaining textbooks for each course.
Students are responsible for obtaining the books listed above.
Students are responsible for obtaining the documentation needed for course accreditation.
Students are responsible for obtaining the material missed during class absences.
Students are responsible for obtaining the most recent information.
Students are responsible for obtaining the required books.
Students are responsible for obtaining the sign-offs in the action plan.
Students are responsible for obtaining the syllabus for each course on site.
Students are responsible for obtaining the textbooks.
Students are responsible for obtaining their individual assignment.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own books.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own equipment upon completion of the program.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own housing, whether in Pullman or elsewhere.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own housing.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own internet access.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own Internet access.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own internships.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own notebook computers.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own passports and student visas for travel abroad.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own passports.
Students are responsible for obtaining their own textbooks.
Students are responsible for obtaining their visitor's parking permit.
Students are responsible for obtaining transcripts and course descriptions from the college.
Students are responsible for obtaining white shoes to wear with the band uniform.
Students are responsible for official withdrawal from the class through admission office.
Students are responsible for official withdraws from the class through admission office.
Students are responsible for officially dropping a class that they stop attending.
Students are responsible for officially dropping a class they no longer desire to attend.
Students are responsible for officially dropping the course through the office of the registrar.
Students are responsible for officially withdrawing from the course if they are unable to continue.
Students are responsible for one artistic expression piece, composing and performing in groups.
Students are responsible for only incidental personal expenses.
Students are responsible for optional comprehensive health insurance.
Students are responsible for optional major-medical coverage at their own expense.
Students are responsible for optional major-medical coverage.
Students are responsible for ordering study materials.
Students are responsible for ordering their own books.
Students are responsible for ordering, receiving, and knowing the expiration date of allergens.
Students are responsible for organizing and studying course material.
Students are responsible for other meals and personal expenses.
Students are responsible for other meals.
Students are responsible for other personal items like towels, blankets, etc.
Students are responsible for paper and drawing supplies.
Students are responsible for paper, basic etching tools and metal plates.
Students are responsible for parking infractions of their guests.
Students are responsible for participating in music activities.
Students are responsible for participating in the discussion.
Students are responsible for passing assignments in on-time and in appropriate form .
Students are responsible for passport, insurance and personal costs.
Students are responsible for patient recruitment.
Students are responsible for patterns, fabric, thread, interfacing, elastic, buttons, etc.
Students are responsible for paying all tuition and fees and purchasing texts.
Students are responsible for paying any ambulance fees.
Students are responsible for paying any course fees directly to the host school.
Students are responsible for paying any other debts.
Students are responsible for paying any proctor fees incurred.
Students are responsible for paying any shortages.
Students are responsible for paying for lost or damaged books.
Students are responsible for paying for lunch and dinner.
Students are responsible for paying for meals eaten off campus.
Students are responsible for paying for stone.
Students are responsible for paying for supplies used.
Students are responsible for paying for their long distance calls.
Students are responsible for paying for their own expenses, including lodging and meals.
Students are responsible for paying for their own food.
Students are responsible for paying for their own housing and food.
Students are responsible for paying for their own telephone bills.
Students are responsible for paying for their room and board costs on-site.
Students are responsible for paying for their room and board on site.
Students are responsible for paying for their seminary education.
Students are responsible for paying for their transportation .
Students are responsible for paying for their transportation.
Students are responsible for paying full amount due until waivers are approved.
Students are responsible for paying monthly cable charges.
Students are responsible for paying performance teachers.
Students are responsible for paying return airfare and all other living expenses while abroad.
Students are responsible for paying the correct amount of fees.
Students are responsible for paying the difference between the per diem and the actual charge.
Students are responsible for paying the hotel directly.
Students are responsible for paying the interest while they are in school.
Students are responsible for paying their airfare, housing, and living expenses.
Students are responsible for paying their bill regardless of the amount.
Students are responsible for paying their own on-campus housing.
Students are responsible for paying their own telephone bills.
Students are responsible for paying their own tour fee.
Students are responsible for paying their own transportation to and from Switzerland.
Students are responsible for paying their own tuition fees.
Students are responsible for paying their own tuition, fees and airfare to Atlanta.
Students are responsible for paying their phone bills once a month regardless of the amount due.
Students are responsible for paying their room and board costs on site.
Students are responsible for paying their transportation, housing, and food costs.
Students are responsible for paying with a negotiable check or valid credit card.
Students are responsible for payment and filing claims.
Students are responsible for payment and obtaining proper documentation.
Students are responsible for payment in the event of lost or damaged materials.
Students are responsible for payment of all assessed educational fees.
Students are responsible for payment of all care provided by community health care facilities.
Students are responsible for payment of all telephone charges.
Students are responsible for payment of all tuition, fees, and books.
Students are responsible for payment of charges by community providers.
Students are responsible for payment of electric bills.
Students are responsible for payment of emergency services by community providers.
Students are responsible for payment of full charges including the finance fee.
Students are responsible for payment of general fees, parking, and books.
Students are responsible for payment of housing and meal plan services that are provided.
Students are responsible for payment of refundable damage deposits.
Students are responsible for payment of telephone usage .
Students are responsible for payment of telephone usage.
Students are responsible for payment of their bills.
Students are responsible for payment of tuition and fees for courses for which they register.
Students are responsible for payment to the studio instructor.
Students are responsible for payment.
Students are responsible for performing their own work on the assigned projects.
Students are responsible for personal items and entertainment expenses.
Students are responsible for personal items.
Students are responsible for photocopying their own handouts.
Students are responsible for picking up a permit prior to a guest's arrival.
Students are responsible for picking up and mailing test materials.
Students are responsible for picking up checks.
Students are responsible for picking up serum and papers at time of last appointment.
Students are responsible for picking up tapes in a timely fashion.
Students are responsible for picking up their assignments after they are graded.
Students are responsible for placing all garbage in waste containers provided in the lunchroom.
Students are responsible for planning and acquiring all relevant services for programs.
Students are responsible for planning and presenting material for the last four common hours.
Students are responsible for planning their own manner of fulfilling the requirements.
Students are responsible for planning their schedules in consultation with their faculty advisers.
Students are responsible for postage.
Students are responsible for posted information regarding requirements and deadlines.
Students are responsible for preliminary idea sketches.
Students are responsible for preparing a presentation on one of the assignments on the syllabus.
Students are responsible for preparing the cases and readings listed for each class.
Students are responsible for preparing their abstracts.
Students are responsible for preparing their own class notes.
Students are responsible for prerequisite knowledge.
Students are responsible for presenting a lecture on a topic referenced from scientific journals.
Students are responsible for presenting questions about the readings in class.
Students are responsible for presenting their appeals.
Students are responsible for presenting their own original work.
Students are responsible for presenting their own work.
Students are responsible for presenting their work.
Students are responsible for presenting themselves in a professional and responsible manner.
Students are responsible for pricing, labeling and preparing plants for plant sales.
Students are responsible for printing the micrographs and photographs which they use.
Students are responsible for processing fees.
Students are responsible for processing schedule changes.
Students are responsible for producing it, performing it and promoting it.
Students are responsible for programming and management.
Students are responsible for prompt payment of all bills.
Students are responsible for proper care of books at all times.
Students are responsible for proper care of equipment and software.
Students are responsible for properly identifying a repeated course when they register for it.
Students are responsible for protecting their own work.
Students are responsible for providing accurate information.
Students are responsible for providing and installing their own network cards and patch cables.
Students are responsible for providing and maintaining their own telephones.
Students are responsible for providing appropriate documentation for such excuses.
Students are responsible for providing appropriate documentation of their disability.
Students are responsible for providing current mailing addresses to the college.
Students are responsible for providing documentation regarding their disability.
Students are responsible for providing for their own supplies for in-room use.
Students are responsible for providing satisfactory documentation for an excused absence.
Students are responsible for providing silverware, plates, cooking utensils and linens.
Students are responsible for providing splashproof goggles, lab coats and disposable gloves.
Students are responsible for providing splashproof goggles, lab coats, and disposable gloves.
Students are responsible for providing the charcoal.
Students are responsible for providing the effort necessary to succeed.
Students are responsible for providing the registrar's office with any change of address.
Students are responsible for providing their own accompanist.
Students are responsible for providing their own ammunition.
Students are responsible for providing their own audio tapes if tapes are to be kept by the student.
Students are responsible for providing their own bedding, towels, cooking, and eating utensils.
Students are responsible for providing their own bedding, towels, toiletries, and personal items.
Students are responsible for providing their own books, workbooks, and other essentials as needed.
Students are responsible for providing their own calculators.
Students are responsible for providing their own cards.
Students are responsible for providing their own hand tools.
Students are responsible for providing their own health insurance.
Students are responsible for providing their own housing.
Students are responsible for providing their own instrument.
Students are responsible for providing their own instruments during the camp.
Students are responsible for providing their own Internet access at home at their expense.
Students are responsible for providing their own linen and personal items.
Students are responsible for providing their own locks.
Students are responsible for providing their own meals.
Students are responsible for providing their own paper and diskettes for use in the lab.
Students are responsible for providing their own phone.
Students are responsible for providing their own safety glasses.
Students are responsible for providing their own telephone and cord for the telephone jack.
Students are responsible for providing their own telephone equipment.
Students are responsible for providing their own telephone instrument.
Students are responsible for providing their own telephone.
Students are responsible for providing their own tent.
Students are responsible for providing their own touch-tone phone.
Students are responsible for providing their own touch-tone telephone.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation and housing.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation and meals.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation for all clinical experiences.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to all clinical sites.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to and from clinical experiences.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to and from clinical sites.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to and from practices.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to and from the worksite.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to and from their field placement.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to clinical facilities.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to clinical.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to community agencies.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to off-campus sites.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to placement sites.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to placements.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to such experiences.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to the automotive facility.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to the clinical affiliates.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to the clinical agencies.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to the clinical facilities.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation to the college and health agencies.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation, lodging, and meals.
Students are responsible for providing their own transportation.
Students are responsible for providing their own uniforms.
Students are responsible for providing their score to the International Student Adviser.
Students are responsible for providing tools and art supplies.
Students are responsible for providing transportation to off-campus sites.
Students are responsible for providing transportation to the site.
Students are responsible for providing transportation to their experience sites.
Students are responsible for providing verification of the reason for missing an exam.
Students are responsible for providing video tapes.
Students are responsible for providing visit verification information to faculty members.
Students are responsible for puchasing all course texts used in the diploma program.
Students are responsible for purchase of equipment and studio supplies.
Students are responsible for purchasing all art supplies recommended for the class.
Students are responsible for purchasing all parts and tools.
Students are responsible for purchasing and installing all required course software.
Students are responsible for purchasing and keeping safe at least two ZIP disks.
Students are responsible for purchasing and preparing their own food.
Students are responsible for purchasing art supplies.
Students are responsible for purchasing books and other instructional materials for each class.
Students are responsible for purchasing course materials and textbooks separately.
Students are responsible for purchasing downhill lift tickets.
Students are responsible for purchasing equipment and supplies.
Students are responsible for purchasing flowers for arrangements.
Students are responsible for purchasing food with either housing arrangement.
Students are responsible for purchasing medical insurance prior to leaving Canada.
Students are responsible for purchasing novels to supplement the textbook.
Students are responsible for purchasing or renting their instrument.
Students are responsible for purchasing recommended art supplies.
Students are responsible for purchasing required textbooks.
Students are responsible for purchasing supplied needed for projects.
Students are responsible for purchasing supplies needed for projects.
Students are responsible for purchasing supplies needed for the projects.
Students are responsible for purchasing supplies.
Students are responsible for purchasing textbooks and related course material.
Students are responsible for purchasing the materials listed in the description of their instrument.
Students are responsible for purchasing the required texts and other equipment needed.
Students are responsible for purchasing the text book.
Students are responsible for purchasing the text.
Students are responsible for purchasing the textbook and for providing own lunch.
Students are responsible for purchasing the textbook.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own books and any other equipment or lab fees.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own books and supplies.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own ethernet card.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own instrument.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own meals.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own taping equipment and supplies.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own textbooks .
Students are responsible for purchasing their own textbooks.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own texts.
Students are responsible for purchasing their own uniforms and uniform shoes.
Students are responsible for purchasing tickets and providing transportation to concerts.
Students are responsible for reaction paper assignments even if class is missed.
Students are responsible for reading all information made available.
Students are responsible for reading all lab book text that explains or supports each lab exercise.
Students are responsible for reading all material.
Students are responsible for reading all materials in the chapters assigned.
Students are responsible for reading all official notices posted on the bulletin board.
Students are responsible for reading all the books listed.
Students are responsible for reading and following the information contained in the Handbook.
Students are responsible for reading and knowing the contents of the entire syllabus.
Students are responsible for reading and understanding all assigned material in the textbooks.
Students are responsible for reading and understanding all material in the textbook.
Students are responsible for reading and understanding the material in the textbook.
Students are responsible for reading assigned chapters of the book prior to lectures.
Students are responsible for reading assigned text or articles prior to the class session.
Students are responsible for reading assignments and class attendance.
Students are responsible for reading assignments in the text book.
Students are responsible for reading assignments prior to class.
Students are responsible for reading each chapter and preparing assignments from the text.
Students are responsible for reading each experiment prior to the lab period.
Students are responsible for reading introductory material on all authors assigned.
Students are responsible for reading materials prior to class.
Students are responsible for reading postings to the discussion list on a daily basis.
Students are responsible for reading selected current literature.
Students are responsible for reading the assigned parts of the chapter on their own.
Students are responsible for reading the assigned textbook material.
Students are responsible for reading the assignment before class.
Students are responsible for reading the chapters and related assigned materials prior to class.
Students are responsible for reading the course syllabus.
Students are responsible for reading the information prior to the date of lecture and discussion.
Students are responsible for reading the lab prior to the day that it is to be performed.
Students are responsible for reading the material before each class.
Students are responsible for reading the material carefully and to take notes on the reading.
Students are responsible for reading the materials listed below prior to each weekly class meeting .
Students are responsible for reading the notes and completing all class activities.
Students are responsible for reading the policy.
Students are responsible for reading the required sections of the text on their own.
Students are responsible for reading the syllabus.
Students are responsible for reading the text.
Students are responsible for reading the textbook thoroughly as assigned.
Students are responsible for reading the textbook.
Students are responsible for reading the whole text.
Students are responsible for reading their classmates' postings.
Students are responsible for reading, lectures, and all videotape material.
Students are responsible for readings assigned by the instructor.
Students are responsible for reasonable care of all common areas near their own living quarters.
Students are responsible for recognizing the human dignity of their fellow students.
Students are responsible for recording lesson plans, progress notes and all necessary reports.
Students are responsible for recruiting a faculty sponsor from the appropriate department.
Students are responsible for registering and paying all applicable fees.
Students are responsible for registering cars and other major property and paying assessed taxes.
Students are responsible for registering each semester on the designated registration days.
Students are responsible for registering properly.
Students are responsible for registering themselves on line.
Students are responsible for registering under the proper residence classification.
Students are responsible for registering under the proper residency classification.
Students are responsible for registering under the proper tuition status.
Students are responsible for registering, dropping, and withdrawing from classes.
Students are responsible for regular and prompt class attendance.
Students are responsible for regular cleaning of the bathrooms.
Students are responsible for re-installing any software required for system maintenance.
Students are responsible for related charges.
Students are responsible for remembering and keeping their PINs confidential.
Students are responsible for remembering their password.
Students are responsible for removing all residue when they check out.
Students are responsible for removing or saving files they wish to keep.
Students are responsible for renewing carrels.
Students are responsible for re-ordering allergy extracts from their private allergist.
Students are responsible for repairs to their own personal equipment.
Students are responsible for replacement or repair costs if equipment is damaged, lost or stolen.
Students are responsible for replacing any damaged, lost, or unreturned item at their own expense.
Students are responsible for replacing any items that are lost or damaged.
Students are responsible for replacing defective smoke detector batteries.
Students are responsible for reporting any illness or injury to the nurse.
Students are responsible for reporting on time each class period.
Students are responsible for representing themselves truthfully and accurately at all times.
Students are responsible for requesting a transcript to be sent to any institution.
Students are responsible for requesting appropriate clarification if needed.
Students are responsible for requesting letters of accommodations every semester.
Students are responsible for requesting makeup work when they are absent.
Students are responsible for requesting premium refunds by the deadline.
Students are responsible for requesting services on a timely basis.
Students are responsible for requesting specific accommodations with sufficient lead time.
Students are responsible for requesting that transcripts be sent to their home institution.
Students are responsible for required to register.
Students are responsible for research, planning and project completion.
Students are responsible for research, programming, and maintenance.
Students are responsible for researching and conducting tours of the sites.
Students are responsible for researching the literature and contacting the local experts.
Students are responsible for respecting the rights of their classmates.
Students are responsible for responding quickly and accurately to assure timely funding.
Students are responsible for retaining copies of all written work.
Students are responsible for retrieval of that information.
Students are responsible for retrieving their materials.
Students are responsible for return postage and for the prompt return of borrowed books.
Students are responsible for return postage.
Students are responsible for returning books on time.
Students are responsible for returning camcorder and all accessories intact.
Students are responsible for returning materials on or before the due date.
Students are responsible for returning materials to the center they attend.
Students are responsible for returning materials to the library.
Students are responsible for returning the library admit to the teacher at the end of the period.
Students are responsible for returning their books on time and undamaged.
Students are responsible for returning their loaned materials on time to the library.
Students are responsible for reviewing lab exercises the glossary before each lab.
Students are responsible for reviewing suggested websites from the syllabus.
Students are responsible for reviewing the announcements for pertinent information.
Students are responsible for reviewing their exact program with their adviser and other faculty.
Students are responsible for room and board during their assignment.
Students are responsible for room, board, travel and miscellaneous expenses.
Students are responsible for round-trip airfare and personal expenses.
Students are responsible for roundtrip fare to and from Amsterdam and some meals.
Students are responsible for running all equipment and carrying out any special lighting effects.
Students are responsible for running every aspect of the scientific process.
Students are responsible for running the school store and carry out all business functions.
Students are responsible for safeguarding their own computer accounts.
Students are responsible for safekeeping and insurance on their equipment.
Students are responsible for safekeeping, controlling, and presenting their bus passes.
Students are responsible for safety footwear, parking and locker fees, if applicable.
Students are responsible for satisfying all payment requirements.
Students are responsible for satisfying all prerequisites prior to registering for a course.
Students are responsible for satisfying both departmental and graduate school requirements.
Students are responsible for satisfying the prerequisites of all courses in the certificate program.
Students are responsible for satisfying the prerequisites of all courses in their programs.
Students are responsible for satisfying their particular degree requirements.
Students are responsible for schedule time conflicts and errors.
Students are responsible for scheduling a make-up as soon as possible following the excused absence.
Students are responsible for scheduling a make-up as soon as possible following the excusedabsence.
Students are responsible for scheduling a time to take the test with their telecom coordinator.
Students are responsible for scheduling in advance.
Students are responsible for scheduling make-ups with the instructor.
Students are responsible for scheduling missed classes.
Students are responsible for scheduling of make-up exams.
Students are responsible for scheduling regular meetings with an advisor.
Students are responsible for scheduling their audition, portfolio review, and interview.
Students are responsible for scheduling their exams at least five working days before the test date.
Students are responsible for scheduling their own advising appointments with the faculty.
Students are responsible for scheduling their own tests prior to the test date.
Students are responsible for scheduling their portfolio reviews.
Students are responsible for scripting and presenting a demonstration of their work each week.
Students are responsible for securing an official transcript upon completion of their work.
Students are responsible for securing and maintaining initial and re-certification.
Students are responsible for securing and managing all course materials and assignments.
Students are responsible for securing and paying for attendants.
Students are responsible for securing and paying their personal attendants.
Students are responsible for securing and preparing applications according to admission deadlines.
Students are responsible for securing approval at the cooperating institution when requested.
Students are responsible for securing attendant services appropriate to their own personal needs.
Students are responsible for securing employment through direct contact with departments on campus.
Students are responsible for securing hotel reservations.
Students are responsible for securing internship positions and learning contract.
Students are responsible for securing their own copy of the compiler.
Students are responsible for securing their own employment.
Students are responsible for securing their own funding.
Students are responsible for securing their own health insurance.
Students are responsible for securing their own housing.
Students are responsible for securing their own internship position.
Students are responsible for securing their own internship.
Students are responsible for securing their own internships.
Students are responsible for securing their own positions on campus.
Students are responsible for securing their own practicum position.
Students are responsible for securing their own transportation and housing at the clinical sites.
Students are responsible for securing their own transportation to and housing at the clinical sites.
Students are responsible for securing their own transportation to off-campus clinical sites.
Students are responsible for securing their own work experiences.
Students are responsible for securing their personal property.
Students are responsible for securing their work-study positions.
Students are responsible for seeing that all admission requirements have been met.
Students are responsible for seeing that all degree or certificate requirements have been met.
Students are responsible for seeing that all requirements for the degree are being met.
Students are responsible for seeing that the roll is corrected on the day they are tardy.
Students are responsible for seeing that they have met the requirements for graduation.
Students are responsible for seeking academic help in a timely fashion.
Students are responsible for seeking advice.
Students are responsible for seeking assistance and making their needs known.
Students are responsible for seeking clarification as needed.
Students are responsible for seeking references from faculty or staff.
Students are responsible for selecting an adviser in their major department.
Students are responsible for selecting an approved faculty member to supervise the project.
Students are responsible for selecting the area of inquiry prior to contacting the instructor.
Students are responsible for selecting the retailer with approval and direction of the instructor.
Students are responsible for selecting their courses.
Students are responsible for selecting their evaluation format for each competency.
Students are responsible for setting an appointment to clear for graduation during announced times.
Students are responsible for setting their own learning goals.
Students are responsible for setting up an experience in the community or on-campus.
Students are responsible for setting up the work site that is approved by their advisor.
Students are responsible for setting up their own elementary classroom internship.
Students are responsible for setting up their own software on their PCs.
Students are responsible for settling their fees before the due date.
Students are responsible for several presentations that are critiqued by their peers.
Students are responsible for shipping charges when ordering books to be mailed.
Students are responsible for shooting and developing slides.
Students are responsible for showing maturity and mutual respect in their relationships.
Students are responsible for signing a daily roster to verify attendance.
Students are responsible for signing an attendance roster at each class meeting.
Students are responsible for signing an attendance sheet at each class and lab meeting.
Students are responsible for signing an attendance sheet at each class meeting.
Students are responsible for signing in at each class session they attend.
Students are responsible for signing in at each class.
Students are responsible for signing in at the beginning of each lecture or laboratory session.
Students are responsible for signing in on the sheets provided at the seminars.
Students are responsible for signing in on the sign-up sheet at the start of each class session.
Students are responsible for signing in.
Students are responsible for signing the daily attendance sheet to insure accuracy and authenticity.
Students are responsible for signing the roll to ensure proper credit for attendance.
Students are responsible for signing the sign-in sheet when it is circulated.
Students are responsible for signing their own names on sign-up sheets.
Students are responsible for signing their time sheets.
Students are responsible for six new stories.
Students are responsible for skills and materials covered in all class sessions.
Students are responsible for solving classroom problems in community meetings.
Students are responsible for some meals.
Students are responsible for speaking with the typist if they feel there is a problem.
Students are responsible for stations that educate visitors about the environments.
Students are responsible for staying current with the reading assignments.
Students are responsible for staying involved in the physical activity of the day.
Students are responsible for storage of scooters.
Students are responsible for submitting a subsequent request and payment.
Students are responsible for submitting a subsequent request.
Students are responsible for submitting academic transcripts if required by the sponsor.
Students are responsible for submitting any insurance claims and making co-payments.
Students are responsible for submitting applications to the various levels in a timely manner.
Students are responsible for submitting forms on time.
Students are responsible for submitting their own work.
Students are responsible for subscriptions made under their name.
Students are responsible for subsequent housing and all meals.
Students are responsible for subsequent housing and all other meals.
Students are responsible for subsequent housing and meals.
Students are responsible for supplies and lab fees.
Students are responsible for supplying materials, except plaster and clay.
Students are responsible for supplying their lunches.
Students are responsible for supplying their own interpreter.
Students are responsible for supplying their own materials.
Students are responsible for supplying two rolls of film for the dives.
Students are responsible for surveying research literature and presenting reports.
Students are responsible for takin all scheduled exams.
Students are responsible for taking all assigned final examinations as listed.
Students are responsible for taking all exams at the scheduled time.
Students are responsible for taking all scheduled exams.
Students are responsible for taking any number of examinations scheduled on a given day.
Students are responsible for taking care of the animals.
Students are responsible for taking care of their registration.
Students are responsible for taking care of their rooms.
Students are responsible for taking care of what they sign out.
Students are responsible for taking examinations on the scheduled dates.
Students are responsible for taking rescheduled exams.
Students are responsible for taking tests and handing in homework on scheduled dates.
Students are responsible for taking the exams at the scheduled times.
Students are responsible for taking their trash outside to the dumpsters on a regular basis.
Students are responsible for talking with college instructors about accommodations.
Students are responsible for telephone and premium cable television services.
Students are responsible for telling the truth in their application for financial aid.
Students are responsible for testing fees.
Students are responsible for test-site fees.
Students are responsible for text, handouts, reserve readings, lectures and class discussion.
Students are responsible for textbooks and personal expenses.
Students are responsible for the academic integrity of their work.
Students are responsible for the accuracy of all addresses.
Students are responsible for the accuracy of all documents.
Students are responsible for the accuracy of their graduation applications.
Students are responsible for the accuracy of their schedules.
Students are responsible for the acquisition of their own materials.
Students are responsible for the actions of their guests.
Students are responsible for the actions of their visitors.
Students are responsible for the announcements in class.
Students are responsible for the appropriate tuition and fees.
Students are responsible for the area in which they sit.
Students are responsible for the assigned material and that discussed in class.
Students are responsible for the assigned material in the text and that discussed in class.
Students are responsible for the assigned readings as well as material covered in class.
Students are responsible for the assigned readings.
Students are responsible for the balance of the fees.
Students are responsible for the care and condition of borrowed items.
Students are responsible for the care and maintenance of their rooms.
Students are responsible for the care and prompt return of all materials which they check out.
Students are responsible for the care and safe return of all books or materials they borrow.
Students are responsible for the care and safe return of all borrowed books.
Students are responsible for the care and safety of personal property.
Students are responsible for the care of all textbooks.
Students are responsible for the care of loaned books.
Students are responsible for the care of textbooks and educational equipment they are issued.
Students are responsible for the care of their books.
Students are responsible for the care, maintenance and timely return of all text books.
Students are responsible for the choice of theme, layout, photography and text.
Students are responsible for the class content and required readings.
Students are responsible for the cleaners while in their possession.
Students are responsible for the cleaning of their own rooms.
Students are responsible for the cleaning of their room.
Students are responsible for the cleanliness and neatness of their room.
Students are responsible for the cleanliness of their own rooms.
Students are responsible for the cleanliness of their rooms.
Students are responsible for the collection and returning of all materials.
Students are responsible for the completeness and accuracy of their registration.
Students are responsible for the completion and accuracy of their registration.
Students are responsible for the completion of all reading assignments, class lectures and films.
Students are responsible for the completion of any assignments or reading during their absences.
Students are responsible for the completion of assigned readings and assignments.
Students are responsible for the completion of their application file.
Students are responsible for the condition and contents of the locker to which they are assigned.
Students are responsible for the condition of the rooms until the check-out paperwork is completed.
Students are responsible for the condition of their assigned microscopes and lab drawers.
Students are responsible for the condition of their lockers on the inside and outside.
Students are responsible for the condition of their rooms and bathrooms.
Students are responsible for the conduct and behavior of their guests.
Students are responsible for the conduct of their guests at all on-campus social events.
Students are responsible for the conduct of their guests.
Students are responsible for the conduct of their visitors whilst they are on the premises.
Students are responsible for the content and integrity of all academic work submitted.
Students are responsible for the content of all lectures and assigned reading materials.
Students are responsible for the content of ALL lectures and assigned reading materials.
Students are responsible for the content of all the above books.
Students are responsible for the content of both the textbook and the lectures.
Students are responsible for the content of each class period.
Students are responsible for the content of each class.
Students are responsible for the content of each film on an exam.
Students are responsible for the content of their group's Summaries.
Students are responsible for the content of their own home pages.
Students are responsible for the content of their papers.
Students are responsible for the content taught in each class session.
Students are responsible for the content, operation, and use of their e-mail accounts.
Students are responsible for the contents of official notices posted on the designated boards.
Students are responsible for the correct name, director and date of each film discussed.
Students are responsible for the cost of air fare.
Students are responsible for the cost of any required medications.
Students are responsible for the cost of board and lodging and transport to and from the field area.
Students are responsible for the cost of books, and if needed, room and meal expenses.
Students are responsible for the cost of books, materials, shipping, and handling.
Students are responsible for the cost of course literature and other study material.
Students are responsible for the cost of materials used in making personal projects.
Students are responsible for the cost of meals and incidental expenses.
Students are responsible for the cost of meals when a card is misplaced or lost.
Students are responsible for the cost of medicines, physician's fees, and hospital charges.
Students are responsible for the cost of outside services.
Students are responsible for the cost of passport, insurance and personal costs.
Students are responsible for the cost of photocopying reserve articles and materials.
Students are responsible for the cost of postage incurred.
Students are responsible for the cost of purchasing photo paper, film and developing.
Students are responsible for the cost of return airfares and vacation, travel and personal expenses.
Students are responsible for the cost of returning books.
Students are responsible for the cost of returning circulated materials.
Students are responsible for the cost of returning videotapes.
Students are responsible for the cost of the exam.
Students are responsible for the cost of the state examination.
Students are responsible for the cost of the testing and joining the registry.
Students are responsible for the cost of theatre tickets.
Students are responsible for the cost of their meals and securing living accommodations.
Students are responsible for the cost of their own food and accommodation.
Students are responsible for the cost of transportation to and from field education placement.
Students are responsible for the cost of utilities.
Students are responsible for the cost.
Students are responsible for the costs associated with obtaining documentation.
Students are responsible for the costs involved in shipping textbooks overseas.
Students are responsible for the costs of any outside referral services.
Students are responsible for the costs of laundry and use of telephone.
Students are responsible for the costs of texts and handling and shipping.
Students are responsible for the costs of their own equipment.
Students are responsible for the costs of transportation, books, supplies, and incidental expenses.
Students are responsible for the costs of washing, ironing, telephone and transport.
Students are responsible for the course textbooks.
Students are responsible for the course work for the time they are absent from class.
Students are responsible for the current version as it appears here.
Students are responsible for the daily cleaning and maintenance of their own rooms.
Students are responsible for the daily operation of the store.
Students are responsible for the damage caused by incorrect operating procedures.
Students are responsible for the date due stamped in their books.
Students are responsible for the egg during loading, dropping and unloading.
Students are responsible for the enforcement of the policy.
Students are responsible for the entire fee if they decide to leave early.
Students are responsible for the entire project, from idea development to final write-up.
Students are responsible for the equipment they use.
Students are responsible for the ethical and educational use of their own computer accounts.
Students are responsible for the examination fee.
Students are responsible for the examination free.
Students are responsible for the execution of a series of field and office projects.
Students are responsible for the expenses involved in placement.
Students are responsible for the expenses of weekend excursions or longer trips.
Students are responsible for the financial obligation for referral services.
Students are responsible for the following.
Students are responsible for the full amount of tuition.
Students are responsible for the full cost of any immunizations for which a fee is charged.
Students are responsible for the grade they earn.
Students are responsible for the guidelines in the UT Student Handbook.
Students are responsible for the honest completion and representation of their work.
Students are responsible for the idea, the name, the theme, stories and pictures.
Students are responsible for the information and material missed.
Students are responsible for the information before the challenge.
Students are responsible for the information from all the presentations.
Students are responsible for the information in the Timetable.
Students are responsible for the initiation, conduct, and termination of cardiopulmonary support.
Students are responsible for the installation.
Students are responsible for the intake interview and written summary required for each new client.
Students are responsible for the integrity of their own work.
Students are responsible for the interest during their enrollment in school.
Students are responsible for the interest on the loan from the time of disbursement.
Students are responsible for the interest on the loan from the time that the loan is disbursed.
Students are responsible for the Latin terms and law cases covered in the lectures.
Students are responsible for the lecture content.
Students are responsible for the library materials they borrow.
Students are responsible for the management of their course registration.
Students are responsible for the management, recruitment, finance, and administration of each club.
Students are responsible for the material covered during any absence.
Students are responsible for the material covered in class while they are absent.
Students are responsible for the material covered in class.
Students are responsible for the material covered.
Students are responsible for the material discussed and assignments due even for an excused absence.
Students are responsible for the material for the mid-term examination.
Students are responsible for the material in the book and from the class lectures.
Students are responsible for the material in the reading assignments and lectures.
Students are responsible for the material in the text and from the class lectures.
Students are responsible for the material missed due to an absence before the next class.
Students are responsible for the material normally covered in the core course work of that program.
Students are responsible for the materials that they borrow.
Students are responsible for the neatness of rooms they are using.
Students are responsible for the operation of vending machines located on the school campus.
Students are responsible for the payment of any fees which exceeds the amount of the scholarship.
Students are responsible for the payment of interest while in school.
Students are responsible for the payment of their bills.
Students are responsible for the payment of their fees.
Students are responsible for the payment or capitalization of any interest accrued while in school.
Students are responsible for the payment or deferral of any interest accrued while in school.
Students are responsible for the personal tools and supplies.
Students are responsible for the presented material.
Students are responsible for the production of programs for public information radio.
Students are responsible for the production of their theses.
Students are responsible for the prompt payment of all bills.
Students are responsible for the proper care of their rooms and furniture.
Students are responsible for the proper revision of their class schedules.
Students are responsible for the proper selection of courses.
Students are responsible for the purchase of all music scores.
Students are responsible for the purchase of extra or special materials.
Students are responsible for the purchase of materials for individual projects.
Students are responsible for the purchase of materials used in studio courses.
Students are responsible for the purchase of their own textbook.
Students are responsible for the purchase of their own textbooks and ordinary stationery supplies.
Students are responsible for the purchasing of extra or special materials for individual projects.
Students are responsible for the reading assignments in the textbooks, lectures, and handouts.
Students are responsible for the readingassignments for each date when arriving in class.
Students are responsible for the readings and for raising questions about unclear material.
Students are responsible for the readings assigned each week.
Students are responsible for the readings listed in each section on that exam.
Students are responsible for the regular cleaning of the bathrooms.
Students are responsible for the remainder of their meals.
Students are responsible for the remaining fees.
Students are responsible for the required reading listed in the syllabus below.
Students are responsible for the requirements at the time they enter the program.
Students are responsible for the research, design, and development of their entries or projects.
Students are responsible for the retail displays and inventory.
Students are responsible for the return of all library materials borrowed with their cards.
Students are responsible for the safe return of all borrowed items.
Students are responsible for the safety of all personal belongings.
Students are responsible for the safety of their own transportation.
Students are responsible for the security of their accounts.
Students are responsible for the security of their computer systems.
Students are responsible for the security of their instruments and equipment.
Students are responsible for the security, integrity and backup of their own diskettes.
Students are responsible for the software and equipment maintenance and setup.
Students are responsible for the submission and maintenance of their own health information.
Students are responsible for the submission of all application materials.
Students are responsible for the subsequent completion of all work missed during an absence.
Students are responsible for the telephone placed in their room.
Students are responsible for the textbook at their station during class.
Students are responsible for the textbooks and personal expenses.
Students are responsible for the timely completion of all reading assignments.
Students are responsible for the timely filing of petitions and all other forms.
Students are responsible for the timely return of materials borrowed from other libraries.
Students are responsible for the tuition costs during the second year of the program.
Students are responsible for the tuition on the credit hours they earn.
Students are responsible for the use and condition of the telephone equipment in their residence.
Students are responsible for the weapons in their possession.
Students are responsible for their actions as learners and as contributing citizens.
Students are responsible for their actions.
Students are responsible for their attendance record that is kept by the instructor.
Students are responsible for their behavior and the work they are assigned.
Students are responsible for their behavior.
Students are responsible for their books and fees. .
Students are responsible for their books and living expenses.
Students are responsible for their breakfast and lunch money each day.
Students are responsible for their care and cleanliness.
Students are responsible for their computer system, passwords, usage and security.
Students are responsible for their computers.
Students are responsible for their dinner and breakfast.
Students are responsible for their expenses incurred during clinical education.
Students are responsible for their expenses incurred while in the program.
Students are responsible for their findings.
Students are responsible for their guest, also.
Students are responsible for their guests at all times.
Students are responsible for their guests' behavior.
Students are responsible for their guests' violations.
Students are responsible for their guests.
Students are responsible for their homework, as well as their personal book projects.
Students are responsible for their housing and transportation during the weekend.
Students are responsible for their housing arrangements.
Students are responsible for their inhalers at all times.
Students are responsible for their learning activities during their cooperative education position.
Students are responsible for their learning outcomes and their performance on all assignments.
Students are responsible for their learning.
Students are responsible for their lecture attendance.
Students are responsible for their materials on an exam.
Students are responsible for their meal costs.
Students are responsible for their meal expenses.
Students are responsible for their meals.
Students are responsible for their metals and basic jewelry supplies.
Students are responsible for their money and valuables.
Students are responsible for their monthly cable payments.
Students are responsible for their own academic progress and welfare.
Students are responsible for their own academic progress.
Students are responsible for their own access to the Internet and computer resources.
Students are responsible for their own access to the internet.
Students are responsible for their own access to the Internet.
Students are responsible for their own accommodation, meals, and supplies.
Students are responsible for their own accommodation.
Students are responsible for their own actions and learning.
Students are responsible for their own actions as well as the actions of their guests.
Students are responsible for their own airfare and accommodations during the case analysis.
Students are responsible for their own airfare and visa fee.
Students are responsible for their own airfare.
Students are responsible for their own and for their teammates' understanding.
Students are responsible for their own and their guests behavior at all times.
Students are responsible for their own appropriate outdoor clothing and footwear and for binoculars.
Students are responsible for their own athletic shoes and shorts.
Students are responsible for their own athletic shoes.
Students are responsible for their own backups.
Students are responsible for their own baggage.
Students are responsible for their own behavior.
Students are responsible for their own belongings.
Students are responsible for their own board.
Students are responsible for their own books and property.
Students are responsible for their own books, personal travel, and expenses.
Students are responsible for their own breakfasts and dinners.
Students are responsible for their own clothing, assigned locker and lock.
Students are responsible for their own conduct.
Students are responsible for their own data disks.
Students are responsible for their own decisions and actions.
Students are responsible for their own degree progress and completion.
Students are responsible for their own dinner arrangements.
Students are responsible for their own diskette protection and backups.
Students are responsible for their own equipment.
Students are responsible for their own expenses.
Students are responsible for their own film and processing costs.
Students are responsible for their own financial self-support during the internship.
Students are responsible for their own financial support during the internship.
Students are responsible for their own flight and accommodation costs.
Students are responsible for their own headsets.
Students are responsible for their own health and accident insurance.
Students are responsible for their own health and safety.
Students are responsible for their own health care insurance.
Students are responsible for their own health insurance.
Students are responsible for their own housing and board expenses.
Students are responsible for their own housing and meals during break.
Students are responsible for their own housing and meals for the period between terms.
Students are responsible for their own housing and transportation.
Students are responsible for their own housing and travel expenses.
Students are responsible for their own housing and travel for clinical experiences.
Students are responsible for their own housing arrangements.
Students are responsible for their own housing bill.
Students are responsible for their own housing during the week of independent travel.
Students are responsible for their own housing, meals, uniforms and transportation.
Students are responsible for their own housing.
Students are responsible for their own instrument rental or purchase.
Students are responsible for their own insurance for injury and illness.
Students are responsible for their own insurance for lost or damaged belongings.
Students are responsible for their own insurance.
Students are responsible for their own internet access and computer resources.
Students are responsible for their own internet access.
Students are responsible for their own Internet access.
Students are responsible for their own Internet connections and PC usage.
Students are responsible for their own investigation of course objectives outside of class.
Students are responsible for their own laundry, and laundry rooms are available.
Students are responsible for their own laundry.
Students are responsible for their own learning and progress.
Students are responsible for their own learning and the teacher is simply a facilitator.
Students are responsible for their own learning with guidance from the teacher.
Students are responsible for their own learning, as well as that of other group members.
Students are responsible for their own learning, with faculty serving in a coaching, mentoring role.
Students are responsible for their own learning.
Students are responsible for their own lessons with private tutors.
Students are responsible for their own linens.
Students are responsible for their own lives.
Students are responsible for their own living and travel expenses.
Students are responsible for their own living expenses and travel to and from clinical rotations.
Students are responsible for their own lockers.
Students are responsible for their own locks.
Students are responsible for their own long distance telephone fees.
Students are responsible for their own lunch and dinner during the program.
Students are responsible for their own lunch and transportation to and from the river.
Students are responsible for their own lunch.
Students are responsible for their own lunches, dinners and all weekend meals.
Students are responsible for their own lunches.
Students are responsible for their own materials and food costs.
Students are responsible for their own meal costs.
Students are responsible for their own meals and linens.
Students are responsible for their own meals and lodging arrangements.
Students are responsible for their own meals and transportation to the site each day.
Students are responsible for their own meals during breaks.
Students are responsible for their own meals during the break period.
Students are responsible for their own meals during the program.
Students are responsible for their own meals during their stay.
Students are responsible for their own meals on the excursions.
Students are responsible for their own meals which they usually prepare in their apartments.
Students are responsible for their own meals, linens and cookware.
Students are responsible for their own meals, lodging and transportation.
Students are responsible for their own meals.
Students are responsible for their own medical care and health insurance while in the program.
Students are responsible for their own medical care if needed in the clinical setting.
Students are responsible for their own medical care, if needed , in the clinical facility.
Students are responsible for their own medical coverage in case of injury.
Students are responsible for their own medical coverage.
Students are responsible for their own medical insurance.
Students are responsible for their own mode of transportation to and from the field trip site.
Students are responsible for their own needed visas and other documents.
Students are responsible for their own paper and drawing supplies.
Students are responsible for their own personal expenses.
Students are responsible for their own personal items, such as soap, towels, and linens.
Students are responsible for their own personal property.
Students are responsible for their own personal valuables.
Students are responsible for their own photocopying.
Students are responsible for their own printouts, which they can send directly to the printer.
Students are responsible for their own professional behavior.
Students are responsible for their own registration.
Students are responsible for their own research and webpages.
Students are responsible for their own room and board.
Students are responsible for their own room charges.
Students are responsible for their own round-trip airfare.
Students are responsible for their own schedules.
Students are responsible for their own sleeping bag and pillow.
Students are responsible for their own spending money.
Students are responsible for their own stage set-up, lighting, stage crew and ushers.
Students are responsible for their own success or failure.
Students are responsible for their own supplies unless otherwise notified.
Students are responsible for their own supplies.
Students are responsible for their own tack and grooming.
Students are responsible for their own technical support.
Students are responsible for their own telephone, bed linens, pillows, spreads and blankets.
Students are responsible for their own transportation .
Students are responsible for their own transportation and accommodation needs.
Students are responsible for their own transportation and housing during clinical rotations.
Students are responsible for their own transportation and living expenses.
Students are responsible for their own transportation and necessary work equipment.
Students are responsible for their own transportation and other travel expenses.
Students are responsible for their own transportation and parking decals.
Students are responsible for their own transportation and telephone bills.
Students are responsible for their own transportation both to and from summer school.
Students are responsible for their own transportation costs between their home and Harrisburg.
Students are responsible for their own transportation costs to and from Scranton.
Students are responsible for their own transportation costs.
Students are responsible for their own transportation during internships.
Students are responsible for their own transportation home at the end of the program each day.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to affiliating clinical sites.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to agencies used for educational experience.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to all clinical practicums.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from all clinical facilities.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from campus.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from class.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from clinical agencies.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from clinical sites.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from lessons.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from Lynchburg.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from practicum agencies.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from school.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from site.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from the farm and meals.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from the field sites.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from the field.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from the local mentoring school.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from the program.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from their work sites.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from work sites.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from work.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to assigned practicum sites.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to clinical experiences.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to clinical facilities.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to labs, tours and clinic work.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to other sites.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to student teaching stations.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to the airport.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to the field trip sites.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to the job site.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to the school of choice.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to the work site.
Students are responsible for their own transportation to their assigned practicum site.
Students are responsible for their own transportation when returning to school.
Students are responsible for their own transportation which, in most cases, means maintaining a car.
Students are responsible for their own transportation while attending the program.
Students are responsible for their own transportation, housing, and meals while they are Externs.
Students are responsible for their own transportation, lodging, and meal expenses outside of class.
Students are responsible for their own transportation, lodging, and meals, etc.
Students are responsible for their own transportation, most of their meals, and personal expenses.
Students are responsible for their own transportation.
Students are responsible for their own transpotation to assigned practicum sites and tours.
Students are responsible for their own travel and accommodation arrangements.
Students are responsible for their own travel and accommodation.
Students are responsible for their own travel and accommodations arrangements and expenses.
Students are responsible for their own travel and accommodations.
Students are responsible for their own travel and housing expenses.
Students are responsible for their own travel and lodging.
Students are responsible for their own travel arrangements and costs.
Students are responsible for their own travel arrangements if they wish to travel in Europe.
Students are responsible for their own travel arrangements to and from Russia.
Students are responsible for their own travel arrangements to and fromRussia.
Students are responsible for their own travel arrangements to Ghost Ranch.
Students are responsible for their own travel arrangements.
Students are responsible for their own travel costs.
Students are responsible for their own travel expenses and housing arrangements.
Students are responsible for their own travel expenses.
Students are responsible for their own travel to and from Boston.
Students are responsible for their own travel, accommodation and insurance costs in Paris.
Students are responsible for their own travel, health insurance, and visa costs.
Students are responsible for their own travel, housing and meals.
Students are responsible for their own travel, insurance, housing and living expenses.
Students are responsible for their own travel, lodging, meals etc.
Students are responsible for their own travel.
Students are responsible for their own travelling and accommodation costs.
Students are responsible for their own trip expenses.
Students are responsible for their own tuition for the final two semesters of the program.
Students are responsible for their own tuition.
Students are responsible for their own uniforms and transportation.
Students are responsible for their own utilities.
Students are responsible for their own way.
Students are responsible for their own withdrawal.
Students are responsible for their own work and knowledge in using the available applications.
Students are responsible for their own work.
Students Are responsible for their own work.
Students are responsible for their pages.
Students are responsible for their paper, canvas, drawing and painting supplies.
Students are responsible for their personal computing equipment.
Students are responsible for their personal conduct.
Students are responsible for their personal items while in the computer labs.
Students are responsible for their personal possessions, including their money.
Students are responsible for their registration and any subsequent withdrawal from classes.
Students are responsible for their room and board costs during the summer.
Students are responsible for their room and board costs, airfare, books, and other living expenses.
Students are responsible for their room, board, travel and related expenses.
Students are responsible for their supplies and books.
Students are responsible for their textbooks and medical care.
Students are responsible for their time, and for cleaning up after themselves.
Students are responsible for their transportation and housing arrangements.
Students are responsible for their transportation to and from class.
Students are responsible for their transportation to and from other colleges.
Students are responsible for their transportation to and from Scranton.
Students are responsible for their transportation to and from the clinical facilities.
Students are responsible for their transportation to and from the site.
Students are responsible for their transportation to clinical settings.
Students are responsible for their transportation to Orlando or New York.
Students are responsible for their travel to and from Jacksonville, Florida.
Students are responsible for their travel to and from the program.
Students are responsible for their travel to Jacksonville, Florida and New York City, New York.
Students are responsible for their travel, hotel room and meal costs, as well as materials and fees.
Students are responsible for their tuition fees and other expenses.
Students are responsible for their tuition, books, and fees.
Students are responsible for their vouchers.
Students are responsible for thheir own trannnsportation to and from the local mentoring school.
Students are responsible for thir own meals.
Students are responsible for thoroughly reading books from the list below.
Students are responsible for throwing away used paper, newspapers, and other accumulated trash.
Students are responsible for ticket purchases.
Students are responsible for timely notification of unexpected problems to the instructor.
Students are responsible for tracking down other sources of funding pertinent to their situation.
Students are responsible for tracking their work.
Students are responsible for transportation and any admission fees.
Students are responsible for transportation and entrance fee to the Garden.
Students are responsible for transportation and housing.
Students are responsible for transportation and lodging while in the mountains.
Students are responsible for transportation and the cost of bowling.
Students are responsible for transportation costs and living expenses while abroad.
Students are responsible for transportation from airport to course location.
Students are responsible for transportation of the chemicals to the competition sites.
Students are responsible for transportation related to clinical experience.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from clinical affiliates.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from clinical sites.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from facilities used for clinical experiences.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from field placement sites.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from internship sites.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from job shadowing experiences.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from Maui, Hawaii.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from rehearsals and performances.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from Sicily.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from the clinical sites.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from the college and clinical agencies.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from the internship site.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from the internship sites.
Students are responsible for transportation to and from the site visit places.
Students are responsible for transportation to classes and to agencies used for clinical experience.
Students are responsible for transportation to clinical settings.
Students are responsible for transportation to clinical sites.
Students are responsible for transportation to facilities, parking and meals.
Students are responsible for transportation to Kentucky, breakfasts, dinners, and weekend meals.
Students are responsible for transportation to Kentucky, dinners, and weekend meals.
Students are responsible for transportation to site of field trips.
Students are responsible for transportation to the assigned field practicum.
Students are responsible for transportation to the facility to which they are assigned.
Students are responsible for transportation to the internship city and for their living expenses.
Students are responsible for transportation, meals and housing expenses during clinical rotations.
Students are responsible for transportation, meals and housing expenses during field work.
Students are responsible for transportation.
Students are responsible for travel and accommodations.
Students are responsible for travel and living expense while abroad.
Students are responsible for travel and living expenses.
Students are responsible for travel and lodging expenses.
Students are responsible for travel and lodging.
Students are responsible for travel arrangements and accommodating.
Students are responsible for travel arrangements to and from the departure city.
Students are responsible for travel arrangements.
Students are responsible for travel cost and arrangements to the program site.
Students are responsible for travel costs to the program site.
Students are responsible for travel costs.
Students are responsible for travel expanses.
Students are responsible for travel expenses.
Students are responsible for travel to and from England.
Students are responsible for travel to and from the program.
Students are responsible for travel to and from their fieldwork experiences.
Students are responsible for travel, accommodation and tuition expenses.
Students are responsible for travel, lodging, and meal costs.
Students are responsible for travel, lodging, health insurance and incidental fees.
Students are responsible for travel, medical insurance, and subsistence costs.
Students are responsible for travel, room and board.
Students are responsible for travel, room, and board.
Students are responsible for travel, tuition, daily transportation, food and housing costs.
Students are responsible for travelling to and from Vancouver.
Students are responsible for tuition and fees during the first and second years of the program.
Students are responsible for tuition once they register for classes.
Students are responsible for tuition, books, and fees. .
Students are responsible for tuition, fees, books and supplies.
Students are responsible for tuition, fees, travel costs, and living expenses.
Students are responsible for turning in all assignments and taking exams on time.
Students are responsible for turning in all homework assignments when due.
Students are responsible for turning in assignments on time.
Students are responsible for turning in homework in time.
Students are responsible for turning in one assignment for each module.
Students are responsible for turning in the printed page of their construction.
Students are responsible for turning in the ratings at midsemester and end of the semester.
Students are responsible for turning in their homework on time.
Students are responsible for turning in their own copy of the answers.
Students are responsible for turning papers in on time.
Students are responsible for tutoring twice a week for the entire semester.
Students are responsible for twenty clinical hours per semester in the training room.
Students are responsible for typesetting and duplicating costs.
Students are responsible for understanding all of the information in the Student Handbook .
Students are responsible for understanding all of the material presented in class and in the text.
Students are responsible for understanding all of the problems in the right column.
Students are responsible for understanding and abiding by the information included in the Handbook.
Students are responsible for understanding and adhering to the Honor Code.
Students are responsible for understanding and being able to utilize course material.
Students are responsible for understanding and remembering vast amounts of reading material.
Students are responsible for understanding assignments, lectures, and readings.
Students are responsible for understanding degree requirements.
Students are responsible for understanding the conditions and repayment terms of their loans.
Students are responsible for understanding the content of all three documents.
Students are responsible for understanding the definition of plagiarism.
Students are responsible for understanding the policies and procedures of the internship program.
Students are responsible for understanding the various policies regarding financial aid eligibility.
Students are responsible for understanding the various types of insurance investments.
Students are responsible for understanding their professors' policies with regard to the Honor Code.
Students are responsible for understanding what plagiarism is in each of their classes.
Students are responsible for uniforms, schools supplies, and one name tag.
Students are responsible for units in the vocabulary text.
Students are responsible for university fees throughout their enrollment in the program.
Students are responsible for updating and keeping the information current.
Students are responsible for updating their applications as new information becomes available.
Students are responsible for updating their immunizations as needed.
Students are responsible for upgrades required for curriculum completion.
Students are responsible for upkeep and maintenance of dorm rooms at all times.
Students are responsible for usage of their accounts, online submissions, and web page content.
Students are responsible for use of the telephone in their assigned room.
Students are responsible for using system resources wisely.
Students are responsible for utilities expense in off-campus apartments.
Students are responsible for utilities' expenses in off-campus apartments.
Students are responsible for vaccination expenses.
Students are responsible for various activities and fund-raisers geared toward the annual trip.
Students are responsible for verifying the authorizations are in effect for each term of enrollment.
Students are responsible for verifying their enrollment status.
Students are responsible for verifying transferability of credits to any other institution.
Students are responsible for verifying whether they have been dropped from a course.
Students are responsible for viewing all videos and reading all assigned materials.
Students are responsible for viewing the lessons.
Students are responsible for viewing the posted entry form.
Students are responsible for visiting the facilities and reaching an agreement with the lessor.
Students are responsible for weekly case conference presentations.
Students are responsible for weekly readings, classroom exercises and homework assignments.
Students are responsible for what and how much they learn.
Students are responsible for what is assigned during class.
Students are responsible for what occurs in their room.
Students are responsible for what takes place in their residence hall room.
Students are responsible for whatever is found in their lockers.
Students are responsible for withdrawal dates.
Students are responsible for withdrawals.
Students are responsible for withdrawing from a course.
Students are responsible for withdrawing from their courses.
Students are responsible for work missed because of late registration or for any other reason.
Students are responsible for work missed.
Students are responsible for working independently between the class meetings.
Students are responsible for working specific office hours.
Students are responsible for writing down the assignments.
Students are responsible for writing poster text.
Students are responsible for writing the articles, printing, and distributing the newspaper.
Students are responsible for writing, organizing, and setting up the entire paper.
Students are responsible in the comprehensive exam for the material in the waived courses.
Students are responsible of bringing a disk or slide to facilitate their presentation.
Students are responsible on getting lectures and assignments missed from other students.
Students are responsible on quizzes for any material listed on or before the date of the quiz.
Students are responsible only for international insurance and travel to an d from the project.
Students are responsible only for the cost of long distance calls, and bills are sent monthly.
Students are responsible themselves for travelling to and between the different institutions.
Students are responsible to act with caution and assume the risks of laboratories and field trips.
Students are responsible to apply directly to any departments in which they are interested to work.
Students are responsible to approach the teacher for make up work when absent.
Students are responsible to arrange with the instructor to re-schedule the examination.
Students are responsible to arrive during the residence office hours.
Students are responsible to arrive to class on time, and be ready to begin.
Students are responsible to assist in the orderly maintenance and running of the house.
Students are responsible to attend all classes and to keep up with the reading and homework.
Students are responsible to attend all scheduled clinical days.
Students are responsible to attend class, take notes, and be prompt and prepared for class.
Students are responsible to backup all their data.
Students are responsible to be aware of forthcoming reading assignments given in syllabus.
Students are responsible to be knowledgeable of all policies and requirements.
Students are responsible to be prepared to discuss the content of each case during the due session.
Students are responsible to be present in class when test or quizzes or quizzes are administered.
Students are responsible to be sure that all transfers are done in a timely manner.
Students are responsible to bring report cards home except at the end of the school year.
Students are responsible to buy their own books, supplies, and parking.
Students are responsible to carry room keys at all times.
Students are responsible to check the answers to problems with the key at the back of the book.
Students are responsible to check-in for themselves.
Students are responsible to clean up after themselves and keep the bus clean.
Students are responsible to clean up after themselves and spend free time either inside or outside.
Students are responsible to complete all assignments and exams as scheduled.
Students are responsible to complete all readings.
Students are responsible to complete assignments well and on time.
Students are responsible to complete prerequisite courses where applicable.
Students are responsible to contact their faculty to arrange a makeup.
Students are responsible to cover their own living expenses.
Students are responsible to demonstrate the code of ethics in and out of class.
Students are responsible to determine their correct enrollment status for tuition charges.
Students are responsible to dispose of all waste materials.
Students are responsible to ensure accuracy of information.
Students are responsible to ensure that all field requirements are met.
Students are responsible to file claims to their insurance companies.
Students are responsible to file for claims reimbursement.
Students are responsible to follow all clinic policies.
Students are responsible to follow submission deadlines as noted in the graduate calendar.
Students are responsible to form groups among themselves.
Students are responsible to have an email account and provide an address to the instructor.
Students are responsible to have an email account.
Students are responsible to inspect the property and negotiate lease terms with any landlord.
Students are responsible to install software on the computer they are assigned.
Students are responsible to keep everything inside their lockers.
Students are responsible to keep records of all the performance set-up details.
Students are responsible to keep their locker clean.
Students are responsible to know the contents of the handbook.
Students are responsible to know theory content.
Students are responsible to learn during the span of the class.
Students are responsible to lock the door to their own room.
Students are responsible to maintain a personal file for future use.
Students are responsible to make backups of all their work.
Students are responsible to make up all assignments missed during any absence.
Students are responsible to make up all missing assignments.
Students are responsible to make up any class work or homework that was missed because of absence.
Students are responsible to make up any missed course work.
Students are responsible to meet ALL pre-requisites.
Students are responsible to meet with the faculty member in ample time to meet the deadline.
Students are responsible to notify professors prior to class absence due to illness.
Students are responsible to notify the webmaster of dead links.
Students are responsible to obtain and abide by the college rules, regulations and policies.
Students are responsible to obtain and pay for round-trip air travel from Portland to Seville.
Students are responsible to obtain class notes from another student when an absence is necessitated.
Students are responsible to obtain their own housing upon arrival into Paris.
Students are responsible to pay all additional fees.
Students are responsible to pay fees.
Students are responsible to pick up the form and obtain the weekly report from the teacher.
Students are responsible to pick up the text of the assignment from the web page.
Students are responsible to prepare the exercises and ask questions about difficult materials.
Students are responsible to present their own work.
Students are responsible to provide their own bedding and towels, utensils and dishes, etc.
Students are responsible to provide their own bedding and towels.
Students are responsible to provide their own headphones.
Students are responsible to provide their own transportation to clinical agencies.
Students are responsible to purchase an approved kit.
Students are responsible to purchase their own textbooks.
Students are responsible to replace lost papers, even if the fault lay with the instructor.
Students are responsible to report attendance at each concert, to the chapel monitor.
Students are responsible to secure their employment.
Students are responsible to secure their housing during intensives.
Students are responsible to seek paid internships.
Students are responsible to seek permission from appropriate people to use any piece of equipment.
Students are responsible to set-up space and time.
Students are responsible to show up outside of regular class time to retake or make up tests.
Students are responsible to source-separate their own trash for recycling purposes.
Students are responsible to study the assigned reading material themselves.
Students are responsible to submit their claims to the insurance provider.
Students are responsible to supply a complete address of the transcript's destination.
Students are responsible to supply the text to be recorded.
Students are responsible to supply their own materials.
Students are responsible to take care of their own accounts.
Students are responsible to the individual instructor for class participation and attendance.
Students are responsible to their work supervisors for hours and performance.
Students are responsible to turn in all assignments on time and in good condition.
Students are responsible to use their fourteen unexcused absences for such reasons.
Students are responsible, however, for replacement cost in the case of theft, negligence, or damage.
Students are responsible, when required by class instructors to always attend classes.
Students are responsible, where required, to hand in material for grading on time .
Students are responsible.
Students are responsiblefor entire chapter, unless otherwise specified.
Students are responsiblefor the subscription charges.
Students are respoonsible for keeping their graded gradesheet in case they have any questions.
Students are resposible for making their own arrangements for accommodations and meals.
Students are rewarded for copying their teacher.
Students are ringonsible for cleaning and their self discipline in the dormitories.
Students are risk takers.
Students are rsponsible for uniforms, basic school supplies, and one name tag.
Students are rude and abusive to custodians.
Students are safe.
Students are safer at schools than they are in their own communities.
Students are safer when walking in groups.
Students are satisfied with the change, while the surrounding community has remained unaffected.
Students are satisfied with the elective experience, and they find it valuable.
Students are satisfied with the instruction.
Students are satisfied with the level of support provided and quality of feedback received.
Students are satisfied with the quality of the teaching of their faculty.
Students are scared of slipping or being unable to begin a generation of affluence.
Students are scared to use restrooms during school hours.
Students are search, interview, and use other strategies to obtain pertinent information.
Students are seen on a first come, first serve basis.
Students are seen on a walk-in basis only, No appointment is necessary.
Students are self disciplined.
Students are self- motivated and have set high goals for themselves.
Students are self-directed, committed and motivated.
Students are self-grouping for volume buys.
Students are self-insured for malpractice and worker's compensation.
Students are self-motivated and excited about learning.
Students are self-nominated or teacher nominated into most of the programs.
Students are self-responsible for keeping track of missed days and informing the program instructor.
Students are sense-makers.
Students are sensitive to strengths and needs of others.
Students are sensitive to teachers expectations.
Students are sensitive to the images they see portrayed in textbooks and other classroom materials.
Students are separately accountable to both civil law and college policy.
Students are serious here.
Students are shocked and then perplexed.
Students are short of time.
Students are short on time and are often quite good maximizers of self-interest.
Students are silent, musicians are mute.
Students are simultaneously eligible to apply for scholarships, employment and other loan funds.
Students are skeptical about the value of alternative activities in reducing alcohol consumption.
Students are skeptical.
Students are skill tested every eight weeks.
Students are skilled in basic hardware and a wide range of software applications.
Students are slow as a rule.
Students are smart in different ways.
Students are smart, and they can figure things out if given the right encouragement.
