All rules have exceptions.
All rules have loopholes.
All rules have three parts.
All rules have two associated counters, a packet count and a byte count.
All rules pertaining to motorcycle eliminator in the division apply.
All rules potentially have loopholes .
All rules react on information in the header.
All rules regarding check and mate are the same as in standard chess.
All rules regarding safety glasses are important.
All rules remain full thrust style unless otherwise noted here.
All rules stay the same as in usual chess .
All rules work because they are the result of centuries of experimentation.
Any rule can be change without prior notice.
Any rules apply only to Calgary and Edmonton law firms.
Any rules are better than no rules.
Any rules are to be prominently displayed.
Any rules shown in non-italic type are identical for all leagues.
Every rule consists of two fields, a selector field and an action field.
Every rule discussed here applies to hybrid seed as well as to nonhybrid seed.
Every rule has a good reason for being in the game.
Every rule has a name.
Every rule has a number that is equal to an index in the array of type string.
Every rule has a number.
Every rule has an exception and every opportunity a pitfall.
Every rule has an exception.
Every rule has exceptions, of course, but here are some general principles for most essays.
Every rule has exceptions.
Every rule has three parts, a condition, a separator and an action.
Every rule is broken routinely and effectively.
Many rules also can have side effects.
Many rules apply to personal names.
Many rules are even unwritten.
Many rules are for a parent's benefit.
Many rules are simply an effort to help things run smoothly in a community of people.
Many rules concerning food are taboos on eating certain types of meat.
Many rules exist for the sole purpose of discouraging new competition.
Many rules exist to assure safety, health, a pleasant experience, and high probability of later use.
Many rules fail when subject to multiple warnings and erratic enforcement.
Many rules govern the care and use of animals.
Many rules offer dramatically worse deals.
Many rules proceed through the milestones described above.
Most rules affect government.
Most rules affect small government.
Most rules apply decisions.
Most rules apply to areas.
Most rules apply to conditions.
Most rules apply to ideal conditions.
Most rules apply to people.
Most rules are in the game to confuse the players, which is the point of the game.
Most rules are just common sense guidelines regarding noise and parking.
Most rules are one point.
Most rules are still in paperform though, so please expect to pay for the mail.
Most rules are the same as regulation soccer, except there's no offside.
Most rules change over time.
Most rules contribute to problems.
Most rules depend on basic parameters.
Most rules depend on parameters.
Most rules drive behavior.
Most rules govern behavior.
Most rules govern consequences.
Most rules govern conversions.
Most rules govern distribution.
Most rules govern motion.
Most rules govern outcomes.
Most rules govern reproduction.
Most rules govern selections.
Most rules have a transparent background.
Most rules have benefits.
Most rules have examples.
Most rules have exceptions.
Most rules have impact.
Most rules have just one action at the end of the rule, following all the components.
Most rules have minor impact.
Most rules help students.
Most rules influence effectiveness.
Most rules make differences.
Most rules make little differences.
Most rules prevent the men from attacking the women during the match.
Most rules provide guidance.
Most rules reflect benefits.
Most rules require energy.
Most rules require knowledge.
Most rules require use.
Most rules save life.
Most rules take effects.
Some rules actually interfere with society's ability to meet important goals.
Some rules affect markets.
Some rules also appear on ebay sites for the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada and Australia.
Some rules also declare the winner after one fall.
Some rules apply statewide, others to specific jurisdictions.
Some rules apply to all games.
Some rules apply to channels.
Some rules apply to commercial facilities.
Some rules apply to compounds.
Some rules apply to devices.
Some rules apply to distribution.
Some rules apply to facilities.
Some rules apply to game hunters.
Some rules apply to goods.
Some rules apply to health information.
Some rules apply to heat.
Some rules apply to hunters.
Some rules apply to incidents.
Some rules apply to information.
Some rules apply to mammals.
Some rules apply to medical devices.
Some rules apply to members.
Some rules apply to net meter facilities.
Some rules apply to owners.
Some rules apply to pet owners.
Some rules apply to products.
Some rules apply to radios.
Some rules apply to ranges.
Some rules apply to responsible pet owners.
Some rules apply to the form of a password.
Some rules apply, ask for details.
Some rules apply, see inside for details.
Some rules apply.
Some rules are already in place to address water-quality issues.
Some rules are already in place.
Some rules are already online.
Some rules are also available in HTML format.
Some rules are different.
Some rules are exceptional things.
Some rules are extremely important to the integrity and medicolegal standing of the medical record.
Some rules are good, and some are pretty dumb.
Some rules are in order here.
Some rules are more favorable to the casinos while others favor the player more.
Some rules are more flexible than others.
Some rules are more important than others.
Some rules are necessary.
Some rules are unchanged.
Some rules are very simple but easy to overlook or forget.
Some rules blanket all dormitories.
Some rules can be checked automatically, the others are rules for manual inspection.
Some rules change games.
Some rules change landscapes.
Some rules change life.
Some rules change regulatory landscapes.
Some rules determine patterns.
Some rules determine status.
Some rules elect only centrists, some elect moderates, and others are just erratic.
Some rules evolve over centuries.
Some rules evolve over few centuries.
Some rules evolve over last centuries.
Some rules evolve over last few centuries.
Some rules govern aspects.
Some rules govern conservation.
Some rules govern construction.
Some rules govern division.
Some rules govern games.
Some rules govern growth.
Some rules govern hosts.
Some rules govern the status and distribution of women in science.
Some rules governing U.S. visas and immigration status are quite complicated.
Some rules governing U.S. visas and immigration status are quite detailed.
Some rules have to be established about branches that probably contain the new bug.
Some rules have to be observed.
Some rules involve tests.
Some rules lead to actions.
Some rules limit opportunity.
Some rules limit protection.
Some rules naturally incline one toward particular kinds of settings.
Some rules play an announcement sound.
Some rules predict elevation.
Some rules provide descriptions.
Some rules reduce cost.
Some rules reduce transaction cost.
Some rules relate to ages.
Some rules relate to patients.
Some rules require marriages.
Some rules require operations.
Some rules require students.
Some rules require visitors.
Some rules resist partially, before whatever persons upon the servant left.
Some rules result in reductions.
Some rules take places.
Some rules transfer to other search engines.
Some rules vary depending on the type of plan.
Ruled surface are surfaces that can be generated by moving a line in space.
A ruler is a person
Ruler appears in picture for scaling purpose.
Ruler has no internal boundaries, and there are less than half of the holes occupied at the start.
Ruler has total control.
Ruler is a toggle switch.
Ruler isa measuring device.
Ruler see above .
Ruler works by measuring the level of antioxidant additives in the oil.
Rulers act to better themselves.
Rulers also come in a variety of lengths .
Rulers also come in a variety of lengths.
Rulers are a foot long.
Rulers are always crazy.
Rulers are born, they live and die, demonstrating mutability and frailty as they do so.
Rulers are different in drawing and text modes.
Rulers are for measuring things.
Rulers are Jupiter and Sagittarius.
Rulers are located in cabinets.
Rulers are located in desks.
Rulers are located in drawers.
Rulers are located in offices.
Rulers are long and skinny and if they're really long, then they're a yardstick.
Rulers are necessary, both to punish the evil and to reward the good.
Rulers are people.
Rulers are quick and easy to use but have poor resolution.
Rulers are responsible for nurturing obedience and morality in society as a whole.
Rulers are slaves of their means.
Rulers are special people which can summon monsters.
Rulers are straights.
Rulers are The Moon and Cancer.
Rulers are to be treated with respect.
Rulers are used for measures.
Rulers are used for measuring.
Rulers can rule only insofar as they have the tacit or active support of the ruled.
Rulers come in many different forms.
Rulers Find heads of state worldwide.
Rulers get rich while everyone else starves.
Rulers go down in history largely on the basis of what others say.
Rulers have (part) sections.
Rulers have effects.
Rulers have power.
Rulers implement a correspondence between units and numbers.
Rulers institute isolationism policies and conservatism.
Rulers is the core of Regulus.
Rulers Locate current and past leaders of most countries around the world.
Rulers make it easy to cut and measure exact length and width of paper pieces.
Rulers Making Sounds With Rulers Use a ruler to investigate how size affects sound.
Rulers measure length .
Rulers measure length.
Rulers move when scrolling in preview window.
Rulers provides a list of the current heads of state and other leaders from around the world.
Rulers rule and rule autonomously.
Rulers always find excuses to stay on in power.
Rulers always justify their actions with high words and lofty claims.
All rulers are designed to be used to measure from one mark on the scale to another.
All rulers are responsible for collecting taxes and providing troops for the crown.
Many rulers list the inches on one side but also list centimeters and millimeters on the other side.
Most Rulers are partial to cats.
Most rulers have effects.
Most rulers have power.
Some rulers are bigger than others but they are all marked off in inches.
Some rulers have characteristics.
Some rulers make it confusing as to which are centimeters and which are millimeters.
Some rulers speak of their own dynastic deity.
A rulership is a position
Rulership is inevitably anti-social.
Rules committee is powerful.
Rules girls are realists.
Rules girls can be feminists.
Ruling classes degenerate by reason of their lazy indulgence in obvious gratifications.
Rum cake is another popular choice as is the Zabaglione with fruit sauce.
Rum punch is popular but often over-sweet.
Rum flows freely.
Rum gains a slight yellow to brown color as it ages in oak barrels.
Rum helps hide the taste of bitter herbs.
Rum hides better within the jello than vodka, though either works pretty well.
Rum is a bizarre place of contrasts.
Rum is a cards
Rum is a liquor made from sugar cane juice, fermented and distilled.
Rum is about as cheap as purified water.
Rum is alcoholic beverages.
Rum is also year-based.
Rum is cheap.
Rum is cool.
Rum is drunk night and day, and the proceedings generally are disgraceful.
Rum is hard liquor.
Rum is hot.
Rum is just too easy.
Rum is liquor.
Rum is made by crushing sugar cane between heavy rollers.
Rum is made from fermented molasses or sugar cane juice.
Rum is made from sugar cane using yeast fermentation.
Rum is probably the other most popular alcohol sold for the Super Bowl.
Rum is very good.
Rum sure is a lot sweeter with the sugar.
Most rums are unaged, colorless and bottled immediately after distilling.
Some rums are very powerful.
Rumen ciliate protozoology.
Rumen inert fat sources include calcium salts of fatty acids and hydrogenated fats.
Rumen inert fats for lactating dairy cows.
Rumble Fish is a minor treasure in the making.
Rumble mode seems to be the most fun to play.
A rumble seat is a seat
Rumble seat lifts up to reveal coin slot.
Rumble strips are a cheap way to save lives.
Rumble strips are a more likely first step, according to the lawmakers.
Rumble strips are noisy.
Rumble strips are raised lines placed horizontally on a road.
Rumble strips are small indentations or narrow raised strips on the highway or shoulder.
Rumble strips improve highway safety in other ways as well.
A rumble is noise
Rumble adds alot to the experiance.
Rumble isa noise.
Rumble turns to grind The rattle started innocuously enough, but then they always do.
Rumbles are produced during mild arousal and some appear to be infrasonic.
Rumens are very easy to upset.
Most ruminal bacteria can use ammonia nitrogen as a source of nitrogen.
Ruminal detoxification can become over-saturated, resulting in gossypol toxicity.
Ruminant anesthesia poses problems.
Ruminant animals appear to be more susceptible to poisoning than horses.
Ruminant animals are able to utilize a portion of both types of protein.
Ruminant animals are much more tolerant to vomitoxin.
Ruminant animals can use the nitrogen in nitrates to produce protein.
Ruminant animals chew food.
Ruminant animals have a lot of room in their rumens.
Ruminant animals have stomachs.
Most ruminant animals chew food.
Ruminant eosinophils have many small very round orange granules.
Ruminant herbivores ingest materials.
Ruminant herbivores ingest plant materials.
Ruminant nutrition is the third course our students take in animal nutrition.
Ruminant physiology allows efficient use of coarse vegetation in semi-arid and arid regions.
A ruminant is a hoofed mammal
Ruminant has no amino acid requirement.
Ruminant means to chew the cud.
Ruminants adjust their intake in response to their energy requirements.
Ruminants also produce methane gas.
Ruminants are able to detoxify or transform mycotoxins to other metabolites, mostly less harmful.
Ruminants are animals that chew cuds, including cows, sheep, goats, deer and elk.
Ruminants are animals that chew their cuds, including cattle, sheep, goats, deer and elk.
Ruminants are animals.
Ruminants are another group that tends to have sacculated colons.
Ruminants are especially good at breaking down and utilizing forages.
Ruminants are foregut fermenters, that consume lower quantities of higher quality vegetation.
Ruminants are herbivores.
Ruminants are mammals that can break down cellulose.
Ruminants are much more tolerant of vomitoxin than are many monogastric species such as swine.
Ruminants are nevertheless susceptible to the deleterious effects of molds and mycotoxins in feed.
Ruminants are particularly dependent upon gluconeogenesis.
Ruminants are particularly susceptible.
Ruminants are placental mammals.
Ruminants are quadrupeds.
Ruminants are terrestrial organisms.
Ruminants can always better utilize low quality feed.
Ruminants can develop a life-threatening bloat.
Ruminants can usually survive on relatively poor ground unsuitable for other species.
Ruminants can utilize dietary starch, but very little of it is absorbed as glucose.
Ruminants chew their food more than once.
Ruminants contract the disease primarily through ingestion of soilborne anthrax spores.
Ruminants convert roughage into usable foodstuff.
Ruminants eat and digest plant-based food.
Ruminants eat quickly and swallow their food at first without much chewing.
Ruminants generally eat quickly, swallow their meal into a large stomach chamber called the rumen.
Ruminants generally have their thiamin needs met by the thiamin production of the rumen microflora.
Ruminants have a fore-stomach with four chambers.
Ruminants have a four-chambered stomach.
Ruminants have an ability to convert some nitrate to usable products.
Ruminants have an even number of toes on each foot and a stomach with either three or four chambers.
Ruminants have different capacities to convert nitrate into nitrite and finally to ammonia.
Ruminants have multi chambered stomachs, capable of digesting rough vegetation.
Ruminants have special stomachs that can digest grasses to make nutritious foods and other products.
Ruminants lack upper incisors and generally upper canines as well.
Ruminants produce prodigious quantities of saliva.
Ruminants provide the bulk of the industrial world's protein.
Ruminants regurgitate food and rechew it to help with the digestive process.
Ruminants regurgitate their food and chew cud.
Ruminants require fiber or roughage to ensure proper function of the rumen.
Ruminants use bacteria in rumen to digest fibrous cellulose.
Ruminants weep most readily.
All ruminants are susceptible.
All ruminants require fibre in their diet, as do horses.
Rumination disorder is treated with behavioral techniques such as mild aversive training.
Rumination can be very upsetting to the individual as well.
Rumination can therefore evoke emotional responses.
Rumination enables cows to chew grass more completely, which improves digestion.
Rumination enhances the breakdown and fermentation of fiber.
Rumination is chew.
Rumination is consideration
Rumination is the regurgitation, remastication, resalivation, and reswallowing of food.
Rumination is vomit.
Rumination occurs in both males and females.
Ruminations is a collection of humorous stories and reflections about college life.
Rumination often remits spontaneously.
Rumor is gossip
Rumor is gossip.
Rumor is information.
Rumors abound about a discovery.
Rumors abound about new hardware offerings and updates to the existing lineup.
Rumors abound about other channels and stations moving with the tide.
Rumors abound about UFOs and aliens.
Rumors abound about what it takes to play there.
Rumors abound about wolf sightings or wolves howling at night north of Cross Village.
Rumors abound after many accidents.
Rumors abound and there is no doubt that mergers and acquisitions are going to happen.
Rumors abound as to whether the molds, which are almost indestructible, still exist.
Rumors abound in that ancient abacus culture that now favors handheld-calculators and cell phones.
Rumors abound of an unfaithful wife, but no one knows for sure.
Rumors abound of devil-worshipping and all manner of strange happenings.
Rumors abound of family disagreements being the cause or the result of the name change.
Rumors abound of imminent reprisal attacks.
Rumors abound of in-fighting within the women's movement and across generational lines.
Rumors abound of some rather un-religious romps.
Rumors abound on campus.
Rumors abound on exactly who floated the airbrush bit of the story.
Rumors abound on the internet and in the technical news media.
Rumors abound right now about a cult murder in Phoenix supposedly linked to a bulletin board.
Rumors abound that the team hopes to someday link the probes and open a single giant conduit.
Rumors abound that thousands have fled the region, unable to survive.
Rumors abound where an information vacuum exists.
Rumors abound, and soon the tr'AAmnhe name becomes synonymous with treason.
Rumors abound, but the mystery remains.
Rumors abound, of course.
Rumors also has strobe lights to make the dance floor hype.
Rumors also report upgrades in processor to the current powerbooks.
Rumors also say that the defendant is asking for a half a billion dollars in damages.
Rumors also say that the man has received breast implants.
Rumors are a' flying.
Rumors are a major kind of internal and external communication delivered via the grapevine.
Rumors are a tough thing to report on.
Rumors are abound that the organizers took home a number of the donated prizes for themselves.
Rumors are always true.
Rumors are an alternative vehicle for information.
Rumors are as much a part of racing as engines, tires and asphalt.
Rumors are dangerous.
Rumors are disreputable and highly inappropriate for scholars to make.
Rumors are divisive, destructive and are difficult to respond to.
Rumors are even O.K., as long as they are identified as such.
Rumors are everywhere.
Rumors are fun.
Rumors are in the air about an acquisition, merger, or layoff.
Rumors are interesting things that seem to happen.
Rumors are just rumors.
Rumors are like playing whisper down the lane.
Rumors are malignant tumors.
Rumors are more destructive than any facts.
Rumors are natural.
Rumors are often false or misleading.
Rumors are often speculative worst-case scenarios.
Rumors are ok, but confirmation is sweet.
Rumors are out that they are both excellent.
Rumors are rampant about a possible settlement in the Minnesota tobacco trial.
Rumors are rampant around the school that a faculty member is having an affair with the secretary.
Rumors are rampant.
Rumors are ridiculous.
Rumors are rife about more quakes to come.
Rumors are rife of over-generous state handouts, thieving and shoplifting binges.
Rumors are rife regarding the possibility of protests by extremist groups.
Rumors are rife that a deal is imminent.
Rumors are rumors.
Rumors are self-destructive.
Rumors are sure to start.
Rumors are that customer service can be bad.
Rumors are that it's gone gold.
Rumors are that someone or company is waiting to buy it when the price comes down.
Rumors are that the Misfits have split up.
Rumors are that they are in discussions to merge with a major bank.
Rumors are the death in health care.
Rumors are the dwindling echoes of facts, Xeroxes of Xeroxes of Xeroxes.
Rumors are the original founders are setting up shop in the Bay Area.
Rumors are the poison of any organization.
Rumors are the sauce of a dry life.
Rumors are the unfortunate offspring of disasters.
Rumors are then simply harder to believe.
Rumors are usually far worse than the published fact.
Rumors are very dangerous things to fool with.
Rumors are, as a rule, far worse than reality.
Rumors become facts and travel at the speed of light.
Rumors become public knowledge.
Rumors become widely known and are believed to be true, but often they are inaccurate or false.
Rumors begin around the circuit or club.
Rumors begin to spread through the village that they are having an affair.
Rumors begin, and opinion becomes confused with fact.
Rumors breed on the Internet like rabbits.
Rumors can be a barrier to the effective treatment of victims.
Rumors can be distracting, people start sending out resumes and interviewing.
Rumors can be rampant following a tragedy.
Rumors can be serious or fun.
Rumors can be silly or vicious.
Rumors can become widespread during a prolonged refuge stay and they are usually very disruptive.
Rumors can hurt everyone involved.
Rumors can take a snow ball effect and worsen some situations.
Rumors change quickly, just like the years.
Rumors change the course of history day after day.
Rumors circulate about their return.
Rumors circulate about vampires.
Rumors circulate and children are told to keep their distance.
Rumors circulate that peacekeepers rape women and beat men who cross the border.
Rumors continue about a rebirth of the characters they created.
Rumors continue to circulate on the floor.
Rumors continue to fly.
Rumors continue to swirl about the killings, and now it has become the stuff of legend.
Rumors continue to swirl that one of the contestants gets so sick they have to leave the outback.
Rumors create buzz.
Rumors develop around inadequately explained changes.
Rumors die hard, though.
Rumors eventually surface that the scholar is now in Amsterdam.
Rumors exists about fluorocarbon being too toxic to be produced in the United States.
Rumors expand on hot air like a balloon.
Rumors feed a climate of tension that sometimes borders on terror.
Rumors flare like small fires in rain.
Rumors fly about constantly.
Rumors fly about dragging the lake for a gun.
Rumors fly about pre-teens going into hock with retailers.
Rumors fly and people worry.
Rumors fly and productivity decreases.
Rumors fly around.
Rumors fly of gas and oil hoarding.
Rumors fly on recent speculations.
Rumors fly on the wind that the troubles are coming from the south, from the nasty wastelands there.
Rumors fly, but the canoes stay safe in heavily padded trailers or temperature-controlled labs.
Rumors fly, inside information leaks and opinions are in no small supply.
Rumors get started, nobody knows what's going on.
Rumors go around that they are being transferred to the Russian front.
Rumors has it that an illegal betting shop has opened up in the shady suburbs.
Rumors has two bars on each side of the club.
Rumors have a way of blowing over eventually.
Rumors have a way of spreading more rapidly than ever, thanks to the Internet.
Rumors have a way of tearing people apart, be they neighbors, lovers or business partners.
Rumors have guests sitting in four person cockpits, which replicate the inside of a space shuttle.
Rumors have no easily tracible basis in inside information and often begin as speculation.
Rumors have Sacto looking at centers and shooting guards.
Rumors have the band dabbling in drugs, the occult and devil worshiping.
Rumors indicate the total launch cost was one billion dollars.
Rumors involving new books and movies fly frequently.
Rumors is a fast paced comedy of errors and deceit.
Rumors is a private club and open seven days a week.
Rumors is among the most popular plays.
Rumors is consistently the top downtown singles bar, with dancing and tent-covered patio outside.
Rumors is now darker.
Rumors is that a new leader have stepped in.
Rumors is usually worse than fact.
Rumors is very distastful and can hurt everyone involved but the old people say it travels back.
Rumors kill teachers' dreams.
Rumors make existing businesses uneasy and keep new ones from moving in.
Rumors make things worse.
Rumors move equities.
Rumors move quickly through a small town, too.
Rumors never stay quite the same from one telling to the next.
Rumors now consume city hall.
Rumors persist in the offseason that the Series was fixed.
Rumors persist of a death butterfly swarm that has fed on a particularly malevolent red dragon .
Rumors persist of people dying in custody of suicide, hunger strikes or beatings.
Rumors persist of such authority being granted through dreams.
Rumors persist over the Big East and expansion.
Rumors persist that devils have taken over the north country.
Rumors persist that it has.
Rumors persist that part of the reason it shut the center was in response to unionizing efforts.
Rumors persist that pirates used to sink long boats laden with treasure to later recover.
Rumors persist that significant Canadian tonnage is weather damaged.
Rumors persist that the accident was a result of sabotage.
Rumors persist that the project was taken over by one of the government's black agencies.
Rumors persist that tigers roam mountainous areas in West Java.
Rumors place it in South America or Africa.
Rumors pop The leading provider of macintosh rumors, and secret info.
Rumors refuse to die.
Rumors regarding getting bumps on the head because of very tall mountains are entirely false.
Rumors rise to the top.
Rumors roil as to reasons.
Rumors run rampant that children are being sold for body parts.
Rumors run rampant.
Rumors run rife.
Rumors run through the company like wildfire, and everyone is feeling frightened and hopeless.
Rumors run wild and quickly over here.
Rumors say another is struggling.
Rumors say it still contains stale crackers and leaky water jugs.
Rumors say it still exists, possible at a Virginia fraternity.
Rumors say it's very good.
Rumors say otherwise.
Rumors say so.
Rumors say some of the buyers are Prohibition-era liquor smugglers.
Rumors say that it has resurfaced in Russia.
Rumors say that the lands are occupied by small groups of hill giants.
Rumors say that there are vast cities under our very feet, filled with all manner of nasties.
Rumors say that there is a peg belay on the rocks at the left.
Rumors say that there is an ever cooler looking logo in making.
Rumors say yes, but no one has ever seen lyrics.
Rumors scatter the other ex-members around the industry.
Rumors seem to have replaced facts, and the public, as well as Realtors, are understandably upset.
Rumors seem to include overt hints of Arctic seawater.
Rumors spread again.
Rumors spread and victims and perpetrators get the wrong message.
Rumors spread for days.
Rumors spread just as quickly as the media hype, giving the country quite a scare.
Rumors spread like a grass fire on the plain.
Rumors spread like wildfire.
Rumors spread of a possible bombing of New York City.
Rumors spread of impending acts of terrorism and of mass suicide.
Rumors spread of poison, a rival in the imperial harem and a conspiracy by a foreign power.
Rumors spread quickly, often passing from student to student and then from parent to parent.
Rumors spread, but little information from the secret meetings filtered down to the on-air staff.
Rumors Start by outlining the plan for the day.
Rumors start quickly and spread like an epidemic.
Rumors suggest that memorabilia that include wooden stakes, crosses, and holy water are on sale.
Rumors swirl about the Florida governor's political future.
Rumors swirl around conversions.
Rumors swirl around troubled console.
Rumors swirl when an athlete wins by a huge margin or drops out without explanation.
Rumors take wings.
Rumors tell of analysts and investment bankers being offered stock options in companies they track.
Rumors travel like spreading brush fires.
Rumors vary on what went wrong.
Rumors always hurt.
Rumors frequently abound about transition problems.
Rumors frequently escalate existing tensions.
Rumors often play a part in the triggering mechanism.
Rumors often spread like wildfire through offices.
Rumors often spread of powerful treasures carefully hidden away.
Rumors often surface long before an actual charge is made.
Rumors usually don t reach such proportions.
All rumors are just that.
Every rumor is printed.
Every rumor starts with a clean slate.
Many rumors circulate about engineering licensing and the exams.
Many rumors circulate from time to time about the cause of chronic bad breath, or halitosis.
Many rumors regularly makes the rounds of the Internet.
Many rumors spread about the delay, none scurrilous enough to be worth reprinting here.
More rumors are sure to surface.
Most rumors relate to UFOs and captured aliens.
Some rumors are true.
Some rumors arise that some catch walleye there.
Some rumors floating around the globe have a different perspective on the appearance of the comets.
Some rumors suggest it is done to weed out the population.
A rumormonger is a communicator
Rumormongers sense a loss of control over their environments or other people.
A rumour is gossip
Rumours abound about politicians and officials.
Rumours abound around the circumstances of the mercurial leader's death.
Rumours abound concerning the sudden stop in all website updates.
Rumours abound in the banking industry of further mergers.
Rumours abound that a leap into the cosmetics and furnishings markets is imminent.
Rumours abound that the army is starting some of the fires.
Rumours abound, but no real details or dates are yet available.
Rumours abound, since there was no official word.
Rumours already go in every direction, also implying the participation of foreign countries.
Rumours also suggest that some UK involvement with the game show 'Guts' is soon to occur.
Rumours are abound that there is a lot of money floating around the club.
Rumours are afoot that the place is going to be refurbished.
Rumours are hearsay.
Rumours are rife that supplies of antibiotics have run out.
Rumours are rife.
Rumours are strange creatures.
Rumours are that the new vehicle sales people did pretty well.
Rumours are usually quite interesting to people and add enjoyment and entertainment to conversation.
Rumours are very powerful things, unfortunately.
Rumours become more important in a recessionary economy.
Rumours begin to surface that various concentration camps are haunted.
Rumours can be good if good things are spread.
Rumours can come true.
Rumours circulate here, secret corners where machines are wildly generous, dealers who bear a curse.
Rumours circulate well outside Birmingham within the allotment network.
Rumours circulate widely about Britain being a training base for Islamic terrorist activity.
Rumours circulating in the area wrongly suggest that the development is to house paedophiles.
Rumours coexist with facts.
Rumours Find out all the scandal within the industry.
Rumours get through, though, somehow, and horribly preposterous rumours.
Rumours have it that copies can be found floating about in the Far East.
Rumours have it that it's been the one for which the lemmings once worked so hard.
Rumours indicate that the deal settled a patent violation.
Rumours is wonderful.
Rumours play an important role in decision making.
Rumours regarding the nature of the murders spread like wildfire through the town.
Rumours seem to suggest that it was aimed at a senior government man.
Rumours spread even quicker than the virus.
Rumours spread like toxic dust on a light breeze.
Rumours spread like wildfire in Monrovia as they are the main source of news.
Rumours still abound about a live album.
Rumours still persist.
Rumours suggest the possibility of ice.
Rumours always contain a trace of the truth.
Rumours often circulate that some ecstasy tablets are laced with heroin.
Rumours often function as expressions of unconscious fear and anxiety.
Much rumour surrounds the picture.
Some rumours say that, as a result, the hedge grew towards the heavens.
Rump patch is light brown to rust in color.
A rump roast is a joint
Rump roasts are well marbled.
Run charts are most useful with struggling students.
Run charts are useful in discovering patterns that occur over time.
Run code run.
Run lights are on.
Run lights indicate when pumps and burner are in operation.
Run outs are part of the game.
Run outs range from being easily distinguishable to practically impossible to see.
Some run shoes have heels.
Some run shoes have pad heels.
Run time is points.
Run time is runs.
Run times are excesive and everyone thinks it's just a volume problem.
Run times are long.
Run times are longer with a higher duty cycle.
Run times are shorter and final concentrations are higher.
Run times can increase significantly when the mainframe is busy.
Run times depend on the starting values given to the problem and the problem to be solved.
Run times vary in to one second per time step.
Run water falls as rain.
Most run water falls as rain.
Some run water helps ice.
Some run water provides oxygen.
A run is a score
Run rows for optimum drainage without excessive erosion.
Run searches only.
Runs  exhaustion.
Runs  shortness of breath.
Runs  sweat.
Runs accounts payable integrity reports and others as required.
Runs are a little on the short side, but the resort is almost deserted mid-week.
Runs are a part of the game.
Runs are at a premium.
Runs are characterized by moderate current and a smooth surface.
Runs are clean, orderly, free of bad odors, have adequate ventilation and temperature control.
Runs are damage.
Runs are deeper than riffles with a moderate current and are found between riffles and pools.
Runs are down throughout baseball, and so are home runs and walks.
Runs are down.
Runs are every week and open to non members.
Runs are fast-flowing waters with a smooth surface and a bottom of bedrock or rock and sand.
Runs are in full swing.
Runs are liberty.
Runs are motivated by the goal of scareds.
Runs are runs between the wicket.
Runs are scores.
Runs are seasonal and can last only a few weeks in each river.
Runs are sequences.
Runs are short but steep.
Runs are shorter.
Runs are suddenly hard to come by.
Runs are the slower section of water that are usually below the riffles.
Runs are time periods.
Runs are trips.
Runs are unearned if they score on passed balls.
Runs are up, home runs are up and, of course, ERAs and ratios are staggeringly up.
Runs are usually short and often headline film and TV stars.
Runs are what fisherman refers to as classic dry fly water.
Runs can be a few metres wide, or on big rivers, scores of metres wide.
Runs can be a few thousand, a few hundred, or just a few.
Runs can be as short as twenty feet or as long as hundreds of feet.
Runs can be several hundred feet long.
Runs can be three or more cards of the same suit in sequence.
Runs can come quickly, too, especially if the ball is new and there are gaps in the field.
Runs cause tireds.
Runs charge off reports for all offices.
Runs consist of mostly light cattle due to dry conditions with quality average to plain.
Runs copy through spell checker and grammar software to insure mistake free final product.
Runs end with rests.
Runs end with stops.
Runs errands both on the campus and away from the campus.
Runs errands for staff or patients as authorized.
Runs errands for the jurors regarding their personal needs.
Runs errands such as delivering experimental animals or cleaned equipment to proper location.
Runs errands when necessary.
Runs features highlighting the religious issues athletes sometimes face.
Runs floor hard, has good hands, can finish.
Runs happen for a number of reasons.
Runs have some bare spots on steeper slopes and pitches where there is more skier traffic.
Runs hoop with control.
Runs involve test cases executing in operational modes, driven by test procedures.
Runs is red.
Runs is runs even against a lesser opposition.
Runs perfectly smooth on any mac.
Runs pulse in a test mode.
Runs range between six and fifteen km, but are typically about eight or nine km long.
Runs range from bunny hill to expert and is a challenge for any skill level.
Runs range from easy to extreme.
Runs ranging from scenic float trips to raging steep creeks are too numerous to begin to mention.
Runs rebatch in no-execute mode.
Runs report analysis.
Runs reports from anywhere and at anytime.
Runs reports from database at least quarterly.
Runs rgetty in an x window.
Runs routes well, and can be split out.
Runs scripts out of a file.
Runs snake down from the crown in every direction.
Runs stand-alone or with code debuggers.
Runs start with stretchs.
Runs support groups for CEOs.
Runs support groups throughout Scotland.
Runs take place on public roads and pathways with little or no traffic control.
Runs track as well.
Runs track, puts shot.
Runs vary from beginner to intermediate.
Runs vary from one to four years.
Runs xhost locally to add the remote host to the host access list in the X server.
Runs usually take the line off the reel and into the backing.
All runs are commissionable based on distributor's gross quarterly payments.
All runs are concrete and chain link or cement wall, no dirt, no gravel and no wood.
All runs are final.
All runs are open to anyone of any ability.
All runs are open to the public and free of charge.
All runs are restartable or seedable from automatic checkpoint files.
All runs are serial.
All runs are single pilot.
All runs are with street tires and through the mufflers.
Every run has to have a pre-established purpose.
Every run includes control samples to check both sequencing reactions and gel running performance.
Every run includes control samples to check both sequencing reactions and gel running performances.
Every run is unique, and the thrill and satisfaction of skiing remains unparalleled.
Many runs have historical meaning, which in the mountains means mining.
Many runs have running water near.
More runs wins.
Most runs are for structural related incidents and vehicle accidents.
Most runs are in Lima, but a few are outside of town.
Most runs are in the forest and are suitable for most skiers.
Most runs are relatively short, but hey, it's only a weekend.
Most runs are steep and Deep.
Most runs result in gobs of wheel spin.
Most runs win.
Some runs are entirely canyons.
Some runs are even on the endangered or threatened list.
Some runs are imperfect, with issues wanting.
Some runs are incomplete.
Some runs are lit top to bottom, and the terrain park is lighted as well.
Some runs can be quite steep and the snow can end abruptly.
Some runs have parking fees.
Some runs have the benefit of snow canons.
Some runs have too little time, some runs have too much time.
Some runs overland.
Some runs use mutation.
A runabout is a car
Runabout consists of three parts.
Runabout is currently available.
Runabouts are boats.
Runabouts are motorboats.
Runabouts rent by the half or full day.
Many runabouts use the vee-bottom design.
Runaround processing is currently within two weeks of the date filed.
Some runaway consumption leads to waves.
Runaway deficit spending most adversely affects the farmers.
Runaway emotions make it difficult to think clearly.
Runaway growth brings prosperity at a price.
Runaway inflation is countered by market-integrated volunteerism.
Runaway inflation remains a headache.
Runaway kids are on the rise.
Runaway lawsuits provoke lawmakers to push for reform.
Runaway projects result from many such decision points.
Runaway skis can be lethal whether on the trial of from falling from an aerial list.
Runaway slaves are no longer free once they reach a free state.
Runaway slaves look for signs that point the way to safe houses.
Runaway spending causes deficits.
Runaway spending is finally under control.
Runaway sprawl causes traffic congestion, air pollution and long commutes.
Runaway star destroys the rings of Saturn, shatters the moon and threatens to annihilate the Earth.
Runaway stars are massive stars traveling rapidly through interstellar space.
Runaway train Stop the train.
A runaway is a victory
Runaways are bands.
Runaways are victories.
Runaways carry luggage or pillow cases tied to a stick.
Runaways come from every social class, race and religion.
Runaways come from every social class, race, and religion.
Runaways comprise the largest category of missing children.
Runaways have no place to live.
Runaways require doubling, and that is best accomplished with a snaffle.
Runaways always follow the star north.
More runaways occur at night due to cover of darkness.
Most runaways come home of their own accord.
A rundle is a bracing
Rundle is also available to conduct workshops on the subject for health care provider groups.
Rundle is the front end manager in the store.
Rundle mentions Furious and Away .
Rundles are part of ladders.
A rundown is a summary
Rundown automatically adds item times up.
Rundown is a program for creating rundowns for television programming, spcifically news.
Rundown is flaked fish boiled with coconut milk, onion, and seasoning.
Rundown offers FAQ and publications and resource info.
Rundowns are films.
Rune readings are sometimes obscure.
Rune stones are nothing more than a monument.
Rune stones are numerous in central Sweden.
Rune words add powers beyond belief to items.
A rune is a graphic symbol
Runes affect different weapons in different ways.
Runes are a frequent discussion topic.
Runes are a frequent topic.
Runes are a magical alphabet.
Runes are a method of divination derived from the Teutonic peoples of Northern Europe.
Runes are a system of creative energies.
Runes are a tool for personal growth, transformation, and personal in-depth study.
Runes are also entities in and of themselves.
Runes are an ancient divination used by medieval soothsayers.
Runes are an ancient form of nordic divination.
Runes are an ancient Germanic alphabet, used for writing, divination and magick.
Runes are an early form of writing and their magic is the magic of literacy.
Runes are an oracle from which one seeks advice.
Runes are ancient Germanic symbols representing various concepts or forces in the universe.
Runes are another new type of item, a great new concept that more than expands socketable items.
Runes are both an ancient alphabet and magical pictographs representing the forces of nature.
Runes are characters.
Runes are closest to the chaotic state.
Runes are excellent for dream analysis, spells, talismans, as well as general divination.
Runes are excellent tools for divination, readings and advice.
Runes are from the Western Celtic oracular tradition.
Runes are invisible most of the time.
Runes are kind of like land mines.
Runes are lasting enchantments placed on objects or people.
Runes are life affirmative, light affirmative, and a practical application of the tools of creation.
Runes are magical tools for both divination and spell casting.
Runes are more a part of daily life than some flight of fantasy.
Runes are similar to gems but give different types of bonuses, like skill enhancements.
Runes are simply too useful.
Runes are sort of a combination between phonetic alphabet and hieroglyphs.
Runes are symbols that are believe to hold magical power.
Runes are symbols.
Runes are the tools of the workshop of creation.
Runes are tools from the workshop of creation.
Runes are tools.
Runes are video games.
Runes are, of course, the cryptic writings of the fierce Celtic nomads of Europe.
Runes can lead to hurtfullness.
Runes eventually open the channels between the conscious and the unconscious.
Runes get a number of charges based on the power level they are cast at.
Runes have some very nice properties when socketed.
Runes lend themselves readily to numerology.
Runes represent energies from the realms of creation.
Runes take much longer to cast than other spells, measured in hours, days and even years.
Some runes have a reversed form.
Some runes run right to left like Hebrew and Arabic, though the majority read left to right.
Rung isa device.
Rungs are circular in cross section, while cleats are rectangular in cross section.
Rungs have (part) sections.
Rungs unfold automatically, safety catch at base locks rungs securely.
Every rung has a set of standoffs for better toe hold on the ladder.
Runga marriages occur when the men are in their twenties and the women are in their late teens.
Runic symbols are so ancient that it is next to impossible to establish their exact date of origin.
Runic symbols begin appearing on everyone's bodies.
All Runnable objects have to have a run method.
A runner bean is a green bean
Runner Beans are happy in any fertile, well drained soil.
Runner Beans can shoot several inches in a few days.
Runner beans Pinch out the tips of any climbing shoots when they reach the top of their supports.
Runner Beans require support from garden canes, strings or netting.
A runner is a criminal
Runner advances to third.
Runner can deliver the message to only one receipient at a time.
Runner can run only once.
Runner can start with no hand tag.
Runner gets up quickly, takes an aggressive lead and steals second base, sliding into the bag.
Runner gets up, takes an aggressive secondary lead and dives back into the bag.
Runner goes far out of the base line to avoid a fielder trying to field a fair batted ball.
Runner hit by the ball continues on to score and batter ends up on second.
Runner is compatible with most computer systems.
Runner is on first base takes a normal leadoff.
Runner is one of six legislators on that committee.
Runner is out if properly appealed.
Runner is out.
Runner is Out.
Runner isa criminal.
Runner isa crook.
Runner notes that under current law, methamphetamine possession is a misdemeanor.
Runner points to the node that is to be deleted.
Runner rolls two dice.
Runner starts with the ball.
Runner takes a lead off of first about half way to second almost in the grass.
Runner wears the bib number.
Runner works well in pasture situations or as a dryland hay.
Runners access the system for any number of reasons.
Runners advance one base.
Runners also count votes when necessary.
Runners also face a barrage of abuse from drivers.
Runners appear to be exploding forward.
Runners appear to be prey.
Runners approach the two mile mark.
Runners are a cambered, downhill ski design for reduced friction and speed.
Runners are a diverse group.
Runners are a very important part of any iceboat.
Runners are all about striving for the best.
Runners are also horizontal stems growing from the parent plant, but they grow above ground.
Runners are always male, while water events are exclusively performed by females.
Runners are always styling.
Runners are always very concerned about eating right.
Runners are an especially nutrition-savvy bunch.
Runners are at a huge advantage when they have competed in two or three 'big city' marathons.
Runners are athletes.
Runners are available on a limited basis.
Runners are available to receive directions from the dispatcher and execute the runs.
Runners are best for unicycling.
Runners are by nature overachievers.
Runners are capable of running.
Runners are cool.
Runners are couriers.
Runners are devices.
Runners are different.
Runners are focused on getting the job done, i.e., finishing the race.
Runners are grown mainly in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Texas and Oklahoma.
Runners are humans.
Runners are in it together.
Runners are jacks.
Runners are just naturally competitive.
Runners are just slow-moving obstacles.
Runners are kind of unusual too so they can be a great source of fun.
Runners are lazier than cyclists.
Runners are liable to be put out if they advance illegally on a caught fly ball or line drive.
Runners are like that.
Runners are located in parks.
Runners are located in tracks.
Runners are messengers.
Runners are more likely to enter running competitions and fun runs.
Runners are now on a dead-end road a little more than a mile long.
Runners are of all abilities.
Runners are on a mission.
Runners are on first and second with no outs.
Runners are only eligible for one award.
Runners are out if the disc reaches the base they are running towards before they do.
Runners are part of sleds.
Runners are people.
Runners are poplar.
Runners are responsible for providing their own transportation.
Runners are responsible for stopping their beds.
Runners are rugs.
Runners are savvy shoppers.
Runners are smilers.
Runners are specialized stems called stolons.
Runners are stems that grow out over the ground from another stem.
Runners are stems that grow out over the surface of the dirt from the existing stem.
Runners are to stay to the left and follow the sidewalks.
Runners are travelers.
Runners are very fussy about what goes on their feet.
Runners are welcome at any or all of the runs.
Runners are welcome on the half loop.
Runners arrive at destinations.
Runners await the start by relaxing to conserve energy.
Runners begin to learn correct body position, leg technique, forward lean and opposite arm reach.
Runners begin to pick up lists of people who have voted, every half-hour .
Runners begin with the basic black number on a white background.
Runners can also get it.
Runners can also use mileage as a marker.
Runners can at any time find their PR from search criteria the runner determines.
Runners can attend a pre-race pasta feed for a nominal feee.
Runners can be a source of hazard and often mar the beauty of the wedding.
Runners can be likely targets.
Runners can be tricky to condition for show.
Runners can check with hotel concierges for routes in the downtown area.
Runners can choose their fourth race, either in Virginia or Vermont.
Runners can easily come by and grab a handful of ice.
Runners can even find off-road training routes with some steep hill climbs, and plenty of mud.
Runners can expect any type of weather conditions, even snow.
Runners can finish up and enjoy what the race provides.
Runners can get good deals on everything from shorts and jog bras to heart rate monitors and books.
Runners can get good deals on everything from shorts and jog bras, to heart rate monitors and books.
Runners can improve their times on a large track because the turns are wider.
Runners can join the Boston marathon, held early in spring.
Runners can keep running as long as it's comfortable.
Runners can learn their times minutes after finishing.
Runners can listen to music without missing traffic noises or sounds of the outdoors.
Runners can lose up to a liter of fluids per hour depending on weather conditions.
Runners can obtain many psychological and physical benefits from a regular running regimen.
Runners can only be on list once each year.
Runners can print, fill-out and mail the entry form.
Runners can produce new roots and upright stems, as they do in strawberry and lawn grasses.
Runners can register on the day of the race.
Runners can rendezvous with their family and friends at the link-up area.
Runners can run as slow as they like and there is no compulsion to stick to the course.
Runners can sign up through the day of the run.
Runners can sign-up individually or as a team.
Runners can sprint a foot a day.
Runners can talk about running for hours.
Runners can train anywhere and in any type of weather.
Runners can use defensive players as shields.
Runners can use pagers that clip to their belts.
Runners can use the chip to archive their performances over a number of years.
Runners can work to prevent shin splints, as well.
Runners carry food, water, flashlights and extra clothes.
Runners cavort in the spray at the finish.
Runners certify that they are medically fit to run.
Runners challenge the mountain to a race.
Runners come around behind green and run down and up the right side of the fairway.
Runners come freely.
Runners come from a variety of different backgrounds.
Runners come from all over the metroplex to train and run races held at the lake.
Runners come in all shapes and sizes.
Runners come in all shapes, sizes and ability levels and so do running shoes.
Runners comment as they pass or get passed.
Runners compete for cash and prizes.
Runners compete for cash prizes, walkers are noncompetitive.
Runners compete individually earning individual points as well as a earning team points.
Runners crash on top of each other as they help each other walk through the cool down stage.
Runners create problems for match-up type zones.
Runners describe the pain as dull, sharp or burning where the tendon attaches to the heel.
Runners develop from the mother plants, take root, and produce new plants.
Runners die up there.
Runners do have the option of going around the obstacles.
Runners do report an expanded sense of well-being after a run.
Runners ear donations for each mile they run.
Runners eat carbohydrates.
Runners encounter long, rolling hills.
Runners enjoy the cushioned path and welcome the shade from the trees in the summer heat.
Runners enjoy the encouragement, too.
Runners enter weight rooms.
Runners excel in the first two, often to the detriment of the last two.
Runners experience a feeling of euphoria caused by increased endorphin secretion.
Runners experience tail wind.
Runners experience wind.
Runners extend from the base of adults, then grow up into a new individual.
Runners extend the limits of physical tolerance.
Runners face a tough challenge with the equivalent of three marathons run over three days.
Runners face north at the start and are facing south when they finish.
Runners fail on three of four steal attempts.
Runners feel benefits.
Runners find it easier to work additional physical pain into their routines as opposed to rest.
Runners finish second at UVa.
Runners follow a trail marked with sawdust or flour, previously laid by the Hares.
Runners form on top of the ground.
Runners gain in position only by beating other ranked runners.
Runners gather in the staging area to collect t-shirts and goodie bags.
Runners generally eat healthier than the rest of the population.
Runners get best performance.
Runners get cheers of encouragement from throwers and jumpers as they run by.
Runners get free admission into the fair.
Runners get into more pants.
Runners get performance.
Runners get perks in the form of gifts and meals.
Runners get their speed by using their legs to go airborne during each step.
Runners get tired.
Runners get to soak in a hot tub when they're done.
Runners go down into the valley at mile seven and up at mile nine.
Runners go from house to house in a costume and mask to try and fool people about who they are.
Runners grow horizontally.
Runners have (part) arms.
Runners have (part) body substances.
Runners have (part) cell membranes.
Runners have (part) cells.
Runners have (part) corpi.
Runners have (part) cytoplasm.
Runners have (part) heads.
Runners have (part) human bodies.
Runners have (part) legs.
Runners have (part) material bodies.
Runners have (part) necks.
Runners have (part) nuclei.
Runners have (part) personality.
Runners have (part) plasma membranes.
Runners have (part) sections.
Runners have (part) vacuoles.
Runners have a choice between running four or seven miles.
Runners have a choice of working on asphalt or grass.
Runners have a lace open-weave worked in with the pattern to produce a lovely airy touch.
Runners have a reputation for being exceptional eaters .
Runners have a secret bond.
Runners have a term for it.
Runners have a wide variety of surfaces to run on in and around Sacramento.
Runners have an uncanny ability to recognise danger.
Runners have appearances.
Runners have different reasons for running.
Runners have higher bone density than average in their spines.
Runners have option of sliding into second and third bases.
Runners have problems with blisters usually at points where the shoe presses the foot too tightly.
Runners have that freedom.
Runners have the choice of doing the marathon as part of a team or on their own.
Runners have the full twelve hours to complete their race.
Runners have to breathe.
Runners have to run very fast in practice and weightlifters have to lift very heavy weights.
Runners have ways.
Runners hold a sacred staff they carried as they ran.
Runners inevitably become part of a unique sub-culture.
Runners injure the kneecap and inflame tendons.
Runners invariably swarm the first few tables of each station.
Runners is another type of asexual reproduction.
Runners join groups at their level of experience.
Runners just do it - they run for the finish line even if someone else had reached it first.
Runners keep talking about sacrificing themselves and undergoing pain in order to gain.
Runners know all too well the physical and mental challenges of their sport.
Runners know how important it is to maintain normal motion to avoid injuries and fatigue.
Runners know marathons.
Runners know the discomfort excessive moisture creates.
Runners later turn brown to black.
Runners leave at the same time then filter into pace packs.
Runners light a torch with the flame, then they run about one kilometer.
Runners like to go to a race feeling like they look good.
Runners like to read about running.
Runners line up at the bottom of the stairs.
Runners line up at the door.
Runners live in the now.
Runners live life to the fullest.
Runners log their mileage for free, online.
Runners look at the head, the legs and feet, and the front side.
Runners look at the times down here and figure they've got a shot at a thousand dollars.
Runners look young for their age so be sure to provide proof of age.
Runners lose a lot in sweat.
Runners lose less in their legs than others.
Runners love it for the setting and the welcome reception they get.
Runners love the softness of a brand new pair.
Runners love to talk about their personal bests.
Runners make lousy bowlers.
Runners make one loop, skaters make two loops, and cyclists make three loops.
Runners make sure voters get to the polls.
Runners move across a surface by a series of long strides.
Runners move along the paths crossing the tiles.
Runners move up either shifting into an empty space or by jumping and capturing.
Runners paint their fingernails.
Runners participate at their own risk.
Runners participate in km time trials.
Runners participate in trials.
Runners participate solely at their own risk.
Runners participate with crutches, in wheelchairs, on prostheses, and without aids.
Runners participate with crutches, people in wheelchairs, on prostheses and without aids.
Runners pass batons to one another in relay races .
Runners pass batons to one another in relay races.
Runners pass off a Japanese-style sash at the exchange area.
Runners pass through the stop twice during the race.
Runners pick their own line and speed for the next few miles.
Runners practice and practice the smooth transition of the baton.
Runners prefer to dress for excess.
Runners proceed up old cart path barely visible in center of photo.
Runners qualify by running races and earning marks.
Runners raise money for cancer research.
Runners recommend dressing in layers and wearing a windbreaker.
Runners require a high iron intake no iron, no oxygen.
Runners require light and heat.
Runners respond to food.
Runners return to the halfway point changed.
Runners run around to the controls and try to remember what cards are at each control.
Runners run at thier own risk.
Runners run down course, around a pylon, and back to start.
Runners run faster and tire less easily.
Runners run for different reasons but all runners gain the same benefits from the sport.
Runners run loops around a golf course on a paved road with minimum or no traffic.
Runners run more, jumpers jump more, and throwers keep at it a little longer than before.
Runners say the entertainment determines the flavor of a race.
Runners seeking to improve performance are more likely to reach their goals carrying less body fat.
Runners seem to enjoy the marathon races that benefit many worthwhile charities.
Runners share a common bond which transcends economic, cultural and educational backgrounds.
Runners share the street with motorized traffic here but get great views of the Mississippi River.
Runners share their pre-Marathon breakfast strategies.
Runners show promise as lines for fields with severe Sclerotinia blight infestations.
Runners splash and slide through messy slush or move to indoor tracks.
Runners spread the virus through feather dander, feather dust and droppings.
Runners sprint toward the finish line at the half-marathon.
Runners sprout stems that turn into new canes.
Runners start and finish at the starting line.
Runners start at home plate.
Runners start earlier than the clumpers.
Runners start in the field before crossing a covered wooden bridge into the greenway trails.
Runners stay at a road side park and enjoy a meal, shower, and catch a few hours of sleep.
Runners stay to the right on pathway.
Runners strive to improve their person bests, gaining speed and endurance.
Runners take breaths.
Runners take one-mile sections at a time.
Runners taking part in all three races can judge their progress.
Runners talk about 'getting into a zone'.
Runners tend to develop tendon inflammation around their knees, legs and feet.
Runners tend to feel invincible.
Runners tend to get more knee injuries while walkers' shins and feet seem to have more problems.
Runners tend to run all the time so they're just inviting injury.
Runners tend to slow down because they're coming into a turn.
Runners thrive on their own statistics.
Runners -to various sites and local stores to purchase necessary items.
Runners train themselves to move their bodies economically.
Runners transport disks and other items between contestants and judges.
Runners travel from miles around to compete, some from as far away as Canada.
Runners traverse a force plate centered in the middle of the runway.
Runners try to carve out market share for themselves.
Runners try to make it home safely.
Runners typically enjoy an enhanced level of self-esteem.
Runners typically take different strides for each quarter of the race.
Runners up are Canada, China, the United States, and Brazil.
Runners up get a tasty salt lick.
Runners up have a chance to win Olympus digital cameras.
Runners use a respiration sensor to maximize their work outs.
Runners use adrenaline.
Runners use anaerobic glycolysis.
Runners use eyes.
Runners use glycolysis.
Runners use it to form soles on running shoes.
Runners use spikes.
Runners use the outside lane of the track, and walkers use the inside lane.
Runners walk along a pathway from the Start Area up to the start point.
Runners weigh in before the race, then twice during the race.
Runners work best on straight cuts, do well on gentle curves too.
Runners work to their own levels of fitness and strength.
Runners yield to walkers.
Runners frequently develop muscle imbalances that lead to pain.
Runners frequently develop tightness in muscle groups.
Runners frequently develop tightness in the posterior muscle groups.
Runners often choose other charities, too.
Runners often develop stomach cramps by consuming sports drinks that are highly concentrated.
Runners often experience tendinitis in the kneecap, and tears in the meniscus.
Runners often obsess over weather reports, tracking the coolest time of day in which to run.
Runners often tighten up the neck and shoulder area in the late stages of a hard effort.
Runners usually get patellofemoral pain in both knees.
Runners usually race across fields or golf courses and often through woods and over hills.
All runners advance one base on an error.
All runners advance one base.
All runners agree to quit the course if asked to do so by an authorized race official.
All runners are at risk for injury, but women distance runners have some special concerns.
All runners are eligible for random prizes.
All runners are eligible.
All runners are hyper aware of their weight and body size.
All runners are projection welded to band per AWS specifications.
All runners are welcome.
All runners automatically advance the same number of bases as the batter .
All runners automatically advance the same number of bases as the batter.
All runners can tag up and advance on a caught foul ball.
All runners continue with their normal physical training schedule.
All runners have an equal opportunity to score, qualify and win.
All runners have the option of running with the two jingle bells they receive at registration.
All runners hold.
All runners participate in two qualification races.
All runners receive a shirt, race pack, and are treated to refreshments after the race.
All runners receive a T-shirt.
All runners receive glo-light necklaces for the start of the race.
All runners receive jingle bells to run with.
All runners run the half marathon distance.
All runners welcome novice through elite.
All runners welcome.
Any runner watching the crowd is a sure loser.
Every runner can benefit by reading up on the sport.
Every runner expects that.
Every runner faces the problem sooner or later.
Every runner has their superstitious rituals before the match.
Every runner is cheered on like a champion.
Every runner is different, and there is no right or wrong way to train.
Every runner is required to wear a running card.
Every runner is surrounded by a grandstand of witnesses, cheering and applauding the efforts of all.
Every runner is taught to try and draw the obstruction call in a rundown.
Every runner needs a running log, some use it more meticulously than others.
Every runner receives a complimentary ticket to a pasta party the night before the race.
Every runner receives a medal and commemorative T-shirt.
Every runner receives a short sleeve race T-shirt.
Every runner there is a target.
Every runner wants one last awesome race.
Many runners also like to have spikes for rough terrain.
Many runners are afraid to run barefoot, because their feet hurt from running with shoes on.
Many runners are compulsive about how they run.
Many runners are guilty of training too fast on recovery runs and rest day runs.
Many runners are unhappy with the residual stiffness of the big toe joint.
Many runners balk at doing workouts so perilously akin to all-out racing.
Many runners believe lighter shoes are more energy efficient than heavier shoes.
Many runners can single out one race as the most significant race in their life.
Many runners do two racing seasons a year.
Many runners drink water prior to, and during the run.
Many runners end up needing to see a physiotherapist at some stage in their running careers.
Many runners fail to recognize the twist itself is the result of overtraining.
Many runners find running mile repeats on a track boring.
Many runners find stitches to be breathing related, occurring with heavy breathing.
Many runners find that their racing speed also increases.
Many runners get into serious trouble even on moderately warm days without knowing it.
Many runners go out too fast from the start and lose ground as the race goes on.
Many runners have a difficult time parting with their shoes.
Many runners have difficulty dealing with the frustration that often love to do.
Many runners improve their times by fine tuning their form.
Many runners incorporate strides toward the end of their workouts.
Many runners react by re-evaluating their training, diet, and lifestyle.
Many runners report an increased sex drive as they get more fit.
Many runners run every day of the week.
Many runners run in the morning, before they eat breakfast.
Many runners seem to get a little squeamish when the topic of weight training comes up.
Many runners stay at the beginner level of training for their first few marathons.
More runners means more money.
Most runners adhere to their training schedule with a religious fervor.
Most runners are aware that knees absorb much of the shock of pounding the pavement.
Most runners are friendly when approached and happy to add new members to their organizations.
Most runners are probably familiar with post-event massage.
Most runners are pronators, landing on the outside part of the heel.
Most runners are scared to give up the carbs.
Most Runners are used to make peanut butter .
Most Runners are used to make peanut butter.
Most runners arrive at a race already dressed to compete.
Most runners arrive at destinations.
Most runners avoid running during the heat of the day.
Most runners begin by running around the block or down the street.
Most runners begin loading up on carbs a week before the race.
Most runners block out three or four days to compete in a big marathon.
Most runners can find at least one, and probably more, in their bag of tricks.
Most runners can t race many marathons.
Most runners choose goals that are event-oriented.
Most runners coming back from a long layoff are happy just to be running healthily again.
Most runners complain that they lose power and slow down at the end of races.
Most runners do agree that they get many psychological benefits from running during pregnancy.
Most runners eat carbohydrates.
Most runners experience some initial soreness in the lower leg or shin area.
Most runners feel benefits.
Most runners get best performance.
Most runners get into ruts of using mileage and pace as their only goals.
Most runners get performance.
Most runners have a hard time evaluating their own training.
Most runners have a motivational tip or two.
Most runners have adequate lower body strength, but weak upper bodies.
Most runners have appearances.
Most runners have ways.
Most runners know marathons.
Most runners know well enough to protect themselves from acute exposure.
Most runners lean backwards and dig their heels into the ground as they descend.
Most runners lose large amounts of salt in their sweat.
Most runners make a weekend of it.
Most runners naturally breathe through both.
Most runners overtrain.
Most runners participate in km time trials.
Most runners participate in trials.
Most runners prefer socks that are thin and lightweight and ankle high.
Most runners probably feel that way, though.
Most runners recognize pain in the lower leg near the heel as Achilles tendonitis.
Most runners require more support from their shoes.
Most runners respond to food.
Most runners run to get better and continually challenge themselves.
Most runners simply head out their front door and run over the same route.
Most runners stay and talk until well after they have finished eating.
Most runners take breaths.
Most runners think that they are highly fit.
Most runners train and race on the roads, thus the name for the sport of road running.
Most runners try to eat loads of carbohydrates a day or so prior to the competition.
Most runners use adrenaline.
Most runners use anaerobic glycolysis.
Most runners use eyes.
Most runners use glycolysis.
Most runners use spikes.
Most runners wear a club or school uniform or some other form of identifying clothing.
Most runners wear socks in the winter.
Most runners welcome cool overcast conditions, even a light rain.
Some runner runs right into a branch.
Some runners actually find out.
Some runners also send in times from other events.
Some runners are better prepared for the distance than others.
Some runners are particularly prone to dry feet, which invariably leads to painful cracking feet.
Some runners are pronators, which means their foot to rolls inward too much.
Some runners are simply more genetically gifted than others are, as well.
Some runners are supinators, which means their foot to rolls outward too much.
Some runners are the same way.
Some runners are thrifty, environmentally conscious and reuse safety pins.
Some runners brag and try to act tough and unafraid.
Some runners carry pepper sprays in case of dog attacks.
Some runners chew on a piece during the event.
Some runners claim they have never seen an animal during the run.
Some runners crash through the barrier, while others creep across it.
Some runners do strength exercises immediately after their run.
Some runners dream of making it to the state meet.
Some runners drink alcohol.
Some runners duck the world championships, preferring to run the big-money races.
Some runners enjoy cross-training by cycling or swimming to keep their legs loose.
Some runners escape death.
Some runners fall in fronts.
Some runners fear they'll sacrifice endurance if they take rest days.
Some runners find it useful afterward for recovery.
Some runners find treadmill running boring and tedious.
Some runners get good results from a lot of carbohydrate drink on the day before.
Some runners get relief by using a compressive bandage or brace to the leg when running.
Some runners get tasks.
Some runners give up, while others rise above fatigue and finish.
Some runners go to chiropractors for care.
Some runners have ability.
Some runners have arches.
Some runners help servers.
Some runners hold back and finish strongly.
Some runners keep record of their diet, weight, how they felt, and so forth.
Some runners like to break up their longer mileage workout days into two runs.
Some runners listen to the tick of a watch.
Some runners lose weight.
Some runners make home runs, others end up on a base and start there for the next round.
Some runners make predation.
Some runners make the mistake of only running on one side of the road.
Some runners mask problems by taking aspirin.
Some runners prefer to wear cycling-type shorts that fit tightly to avoid chafing between the legs.
Some runners prove to be sensitive to monosodium glutamate or gluten.
Some runners really enjoy training with a partner and that's fine.
Some runners seem to prefer hot weather, while others seek the cold.
Some runners suffer from fatigue.
Some runners survive seasons.
Some runners take roots.
Some runners tend to like one over another, a matter of personal preference.
Some runners think it's a bore.
Some runners use ability.
Some runners wear a waterproof heart-rate monitor to measure their beats per minute.
Most running organizations discourage jogging at night.
A running shoe is a shoe
Running shoes are adequate for the field trip.
Running shoes are bad because they have such a wide foot platform for stability.
Running shoes are best.
Running shoes are highly recommended.
Running shoes are no better.
Running shoes are often the most comfortable.
Running shoes are shoes.
Running shoes are unacceptable due to no lateral support.
Most running shoes have too much heel elevation for walking.
Most running shoes use either a combination last or a slip last .
Some running shoes have lace holes directly in the upper of the shoe.
Some running shoes work well for walking.
Most running shorts remember warm until impossible, as coat grow nobody.
Most running stores have shoe experts.
Running time is time periods.
Running  breaths.
Running  car crashs.
Running  dehydration.
Running  pants.
Running  sweat.
Running  sweating.
Running  trips.
Running are administration.
Running are capable of wind.
Running are events.
Running are human behavior.
Running are operations.
Running are physical events.
Running are running.
Running are sports.
Running are used for competition.
Running are used for escapings.
Running are used for exercises.
Running are used for fun.
Running are used for pleasure.
Running are used for speed.
Running are used for sports.
Running are vigorous activities.
Running cause a desire to rests.
Running cause accidents.
Running cause callus.
Running cause cramp.
Running cause exhaustion.
Running cause fallings.
Running cause good health.
Running cause heart attacks.
Running cause injuries.
Running cause leg cramp.
Running cause muscle cramp.
Running cause pain.
Running cause shortness of breath.
Running cause sore foots.
Running cause stitchs.
Running cause sweat.
Running cause sweating.
Running cause weight loss.
Runny eggs require additional cooking.
Runny eyes are a signal that bunny needs to visit the vet.
Runny eyes can make cheeks sticky and matted.
Runny noses are a serious problem and there is no quick cure.
Runny noses are another bane of cold sufferers.
Runny noses serve purposes.
Runny noses serve useful purposes.
Most runny noses serve purposes.
Most runny noses serve useful purposes.
Runny pitch is no good to chew.
Runny stools are also an indication of over training.
Runoff elections are costly.
Runoff elections are the right approach, but two-round runoffs are beset with problems.
Runoff elections have serious weaknesses and are extremely expensive.
Runoff water brings pollutants it encounters along the way to the reservoir.
Runoff water can carry pesticides in the water itself or by adsorption to eroding soil particles.
Runoff water can transport chemicals and remove uniform amounts of soil from a wide area.
Runoff water flows over the surface of the ground.
Some runoff water flows into lakes.
Some runoff water is trapped for periods of time, for example in lakes.
Runoff alters habitats.
Runoff alters vegetation habitats.
Runoff causes contamination.
Runoff causes erosion.
Runoff comes from rain.
Runoff contains compounds.
Runoff contributes to erosion.
Runoff depends upon intensity.
Runoff depends upon rainfall intensity.
Runoff is elections.
Runoff is flow
Runoff is surplus.
Runoff isa motion.
Runoff moves water from terrestrial systems into the oceans.
Runoff results from rainfall.
Runoffs are common in southern states but are rare in Vermont.
Runoffs are over.
Runoffs tend to have a lower voter turnout, though there are, of course, exceptions.
All runoff is routed through grassed filter areas to assimilate and filter manure.
Any runoff collected is removed and applied to fields.
More runoff enters the estuary during wet weather periods, delivering pollutants and fresh water.
Most runoff causes contamination.
Most runoff causes erosion.
Most runoff comes from individual consumers.
Most runoff comes from rain.
Most runoff contains compounds.
Most runoff depends upon intensity.
Most runoff depends upon rainfall intensity.
Most runoff is harvested for cultivation.
Most runoff occurs as a result of severe rainfall events.
Some runoff affects primary production.
Some runoff affects production.
Some runoff becomes concern.
Some runoff brings accumulation.
Some runoff causes pollution.
Some runoff causes problems.
Some runoff causes water pollution.
Some runoff contains fertilizer.
Some runoff contains pollutants.
Some runoff creates cavities.
Some runoff has energy.
Some runoff has sufficient energy.
Some runoff increases turbidities.
Some runoff leads to erosion.
Some runoff moves across land surfaces.
Some runoff moves across surfaces.
Some runoff occurs during drought.
Some runoff occurs during summer.
Some runoff says in statements.
Runs tests examine the sign of price changes, or yields, during a specified sample period.
A runt is a person
Runts are typically the result of collision fragments.
Runts can also be the result of bad wiring or electrical interference.
Runtime casting is about as evil as pointer arithmetic.
Runtime class is set.
Runtime configuration is the only option for configuration because of the multitude of parameters.
Most runtime debuggers are able to print reports of dynamic memory use.
Runtime decompression is extremely rapid, faster than competing products.
Runtime distribution is royalty free.
Runtime exceptions can occur anywhere in a program and in a typical program can be very numerous.
Runtime exceptions represent problems that are detected by the runtime system.
Runtime licenses are available subject to the payment of per-unit royalty fees.
Runtime optimization becomes possible.
Runtime pricing is based on number of users.
Runtime pricing is determined by CPU volume.
Runway incursions appear to be increasing across the country.
Runway incursions are a real threat to every user's safety.
Runway incursions are the number one aviation safety problem in the United States.
Runway incursions can have serious consequences.
Runway incursions continue to affect all aspects of aviation.
Runway incursions occur when objects or people obstruct a runway in use.
Every runway incursion has the potential of becoming a major accident.
Every runway incursion is a human error.
Runway lights dusk to dawn.
Runway lighting is limited to runway edge lights and PAPIs.
Runway safety is an enormously complex issue.
Runway shows occur twice a year and circulate from Milan , London , Paris and then to New York .
A runway is a chute
Runway is in fine condition and the pilots come from various places.
Runway is smooth, and braking very effective.
Runway isa platform.
Runways are available for private and commercial aircraft.
Runways are busy places, even when there are no planes around.
Runways are in great condition, with good space for run-ups.
Runways are located in cities.
Runways are located in fashion shows.
Runways are narrow as well.
Runways are paved surfaces.
Runways are platforms.
Runways are suitable for most light aircraft.
Runways are synonymous with airlines.
Runways are the main business of any airport.
Runways are used for beauty contests.
Runways are well maintained and in excellent condition.
Runways cover areas.
Runways have (part) sections.
Runways have to be plowed or treated.
Runways lead to hide places.
Runways lead to places.
Runways rails that allow movement in the X direction.
Most runways lead to hide places.
Most runways lead to places.
Some runways lead to sources.
Some runways lead to water sources.
A rupee is an unit
Rupee closes lower against dollar.
Rupee closes up against dollar.
Rupee ends steady against dollar.
Rupee ends unchanged against dollar.
Rupee is convertible on current account.
Rupee is likely to hover in a narrow groove amid fresh optimism.
Rupee remain static against dollar.
Rupee stages smart recovery.
Rupees are the type of currency.
Every rupee counts because every child counts.
A rupiah is an unit
Rupiahs come in paper and coins.
All rupp snowmobiles fix hard next wide, after account guarantee everything.
All rupp snowmobiles guarantee hard next wide, after account arise whoever.
Rupture of membranes can happen several hours before labor begins, or any time during labor.
A rupture is separation
Rupture can happen a year or more after surgery and is an emergency.
Rupture can occur as a result of an injury, from no apparent cause, or during mammography.
Rupture can occur with a scarred uterus or an intact uterus.
Rupture extends perpendicular to the strike of the deep seismic zone.
Rupture induces rapture.
Rupture is a device failure the implant is no longer performing as intended.
Rupture is often a catastrophic, terminal event in the natural history of a berry aneurysm.
Rupture is the breaking of molecular bonds as a result of stress, fatique of the medium.
Rupture is uncommon.
Rupture occurs at the stigma line , an area of the follicle which has no blood vessels.
Rupture occurs during the later days in the menstrual cycle when the cysts are the largest.
Rupture occurs when weak blood-vessel walls break.
Rupture points without alarm signs.
Rupture results in an excruciating headache, often accompanied by nausea and vomiting.
Rupture results in death from internal bleeding in most cases.
Rupture results in subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Rupture results when the fetus exceeds the size of the cavity.
Rupture seems to be favoured by treatment with corticosteroids.
Rupture starts at the hypocenter and propagates updip and to the north.
Ruptures are breakage.
Ruptures are illnesses.
Ruptures are injuries.
Ruptures are often catastrophic causing considerable damage as well as loss of service.
Ruptures are separation.
Ruptures are very painful events that cause massive internal bleeding.
Ruptures are worth mending.
Ruptures come in several varieties.
Most ruptures occur about two to three inches from where the tendon inserts on the heel bone.
Ruptured aneurysms are common causes of hemorrhagic strokes.
Ruptured biographies are in every case a catastrophe.
Ruptured buboes are susceptible to secondary bacterial infections.
Ruptured cyst is the most common.
Ruptured cysts are a common reason for breast pain.
Ruptured uterus is all too common.
Ruptured varices bleed profusely and can be fatal.
Rural access is publicly and commonly available.
Rural activities are varied and ever changing.
A rural area is a geographical area
Rural area gets police through federal aid.
Rural area has many opportunities for outdoor activities.
Rural area is fine.
Rural areas are among the poorest in Mexico.
Rural areas are as technologically linked to urban centers as are other cities.
Rural areas are diverse.
Rural areas are harsh studies in contrast.
Rural areas are increasingly home to broader economic activities such as e-commerce.
Rural areas are less likely to be connected than urban areas.
Rural areas are like farms.
Rural areas are more homogeneous and less amenable to such conflicts.
Rural areas are more likely to have gotten access only recently.
Rural areas are particularly vulnerable.
Rural areas are popular sites for production because strong odors are produced during manufacture.
Rural areas are predominantly monolingual.
Rural areas are predominately monolingual.
Rural areas are serviced by a thinly spread system of aid posts and small health centers.
Rural areas are the most impacted by hunter spending.
Rural areas are the remainder.
Rural areas are under-represented in all the key growth areas in the Scottish economy.
Rural areas are, too, interested in conserving fuel and contributing to better air quality.
Rural areas attract methamphetamine producers for a number of reasons.
Rural areas benefit from a clean environment.
Rural areas can also contribute to water-quality problems.
Rural areas can be much more connected because of e-mail and the Internet.
Rural areas can be very conservative, so dress accordingly.
Rural areas change.
Rural areas continue to benefit from the economic expansion.
Rural areas continue to see a shortage of licensed clinical social workers.
Rural areas continue to suffer from a serious shortage of affordable housing.
Rural areas demand rugged equipment and smaller line counts.
Rural areas depend on rain water, shallow wells, streams and river water.
Rural areas ensure food for people worldwide.
Rural areas face problems of a completely different nature.
Rural areas get high returns from the government, including public works and agricultural subsidies.
Rural areas have a greater chance of slow connection speeds due to the condition of the phone lines.
Rural areas have a larger number of trust land acres.
Rural areas have a low popuation density, and therefore are more abundant in resources.
Rural areas have a unique set of transportation characteristics.
Rural areas have county, state and national parks.
Rural areas have different procedural needs than urban areas.
Rural areas have difficulty finding social workers.
Rural areas have higher motor vehicle crash death rates than urban areas.
Rural areas have higher motor vehicle crash incidence rates and death rates than urban areas.
Rural areas have individual wells and septic systems.
Rural areas have large minority populations and latchkey kids.
Rural areas have less access to credit than metropolitan areas.
Rural areas have less access to information, consultation and testing.
Rural areas have less competition, pay better.
Rural areas have limited options.
Rural areas have little or no transportation services available.
Rural areas have no public transportation.
Rural areas have professionals involved in health education government service, or the police.
Rural areas have the same problems, only more so.
Rural areas have very few restaurants, almost none of which attract foreigners.
Rural areas is an attractive sector to start such work.
Rural areas lag behind urban areas when it comes to access to the Internet and technology.
Rural areas lie close to cities, and the temperature varies from ices to torrid.
Rural areas pose several challenges to appropriate and sustainable economic development.
Rural areas present unique challenges for health care providers.
Rural areas receive a higher share of national lottery awards than urban areas.
Rural areas receive poor representation at the political level due to the large electoral areas.
Rural areas rely more heavily on their rustic environment to lure seniors.
Rural areas rely on labour for production and given the nature of the work, good health is crucial.
Rural areas rely on on-site septic tank or private systems.
Rural areas retain their character with a gradual shift towards sustainable practices.
Rural areas tend to be highly dependent on resources, with only minimal diversity.
Rural areas tend to have community colleges rather than universities.
Rural areas tend to have fewer VITA locations.
Rural areas tend to have lower use rates than urban areas.
Rural areas tend to lag behind urban areas in broadband penetration.
Rural areas tend to lag behind urban areas in terms of development.
Rural areas tend, therefore, to pay a proportionately large amount of their rates towards roading.
Rural areas thrive on warm personal relationships and close-knit communities.
Rural areas untouched by the conflict have low levels of crime.
Many rural areas are important for their natural heritage.
Many rural areas are less.
Many rural areas depend on hunter dollars where the other job alternatives are few to none.
Many rural areas depend on salmon fishing and salmon fishers for their income.
Many rural areas desire to expand their economic base.
Many rural areas have a very limited local call zone.
Many rural areas have an increasingly diverse population.
Many rural areas have limited housing codes, and few resources to enforce the codes they have.
Many rural areas have no access to alternatives counseling and services.
Many rural areas have shortages of mental health practitioners.
Many rural areas remain isolated due to blocked roads.
More rural areas give school libraries slightly higher ratings than more urban areas.
More rural areas offer fewer distractions, a calm environment, and usually smaller schools.
Most rural areas are very safe, and crime is more common in larger metropolitan areas.
Some rural areas have considerable problems due to declining agriculture.
Some rural areas have only one ISP that can be reached by a local call.
Some rural areas have problems with untreated sewage.
Some rural areas remain underserved, although the situation is improving somewhat.
Some rural areas require an extra day for delivery.
Some rural areas return a report on the whole state.
Some rural areas take a little longer.
Rural attractions are a definite market.
Rural audiences get it much more.
Many rural bankers respond something like the following.
Rural beneficiaries are about one-third less likely to have retiree health insurance.
Rural bliss soothes the mind.
Rural buildings are at high risk of fire.
Rural businesses can market and sell their products around the world on the Internet.
Rural cadres say clan activities have siphoned off badly needed funds for agriculture and education.
Rural careers involve a wide range of non-market activities.
Rural carriers have higher switching costs.
Rural cats are more numerous than rural dogs.
Rural cats kill many more.
Rural cats take more prey than suburban or urban cats.
Rural cemeteries are outstanding moss habitats.
Rural centres offer unique lifestyle options and investment opportunities.
Rural children are more likely to be idle compared to urban children.
Rural children are twice as likely to die in accidents as their urban counterparts.
Rural children face the highest danger of drowning at three times the rate of urban children.
Rural children face the same risks as city children.
Rural children have poor educational opportunities.
Rural children tend to have experience with rivers rather than gullies.
Many rural children experience family stress, such as divorce or parental loss.
Rural churches are usually secure and unthreatened.
Most rural churches are small and have limited facilities.
Many rural citizens take a skeptical look at any statement that oozes out of Washington.
Rural cities continue to improve care.
Many rural clients experience problems of isolation and inaccessibility to treatment.
Rural colleges arrange for students to travel to larger cities regularly for enrichment.
Rural commodities remain a strong export earner for Australia.
Rural communities are a key element for economic and social development.
Rural communities are as essential as urban areas to our national economic health and well-being.
Rural communities are complex and have a diversity of interests.
Rural communities are dependent upon sound infrastructure.
Rural communities are eager to welcome clean, high-tech companies.
Rural communities are in a state of decline.
Rural communities are less and less populated by residents depending solely on agriculture.
Rural communities are often ill-equipped to meet the challenges of growth.
Rural communities are older, poorer, and have less access to health care.
Rural communities are the base and source of the food and fiber products that are used today.
Rural communities are the most threatened by the growing energy shortage.
Rural communities become more attractive for economic development.
Rural communities can become even more attractive for economic development.
Rural communities can provide their members both strong support and strong condemnation at times.
Rural communities can work together in a variety of ways, and mutual aid is one way.
Rural communities care.
Rural communities continue to form the core of Aboriginal identity in New South Wales and Victoria.
Rural communities depend on the land for subsistence.
Rural communities deserve the same speed and quality of Internet service.
Rural communities face a number of unique barriers in the realm of telecommunications.
Rural communities face many challenges to providing affordable housing.
Rural communities face many demographic, social, political, and economic changes.
Rural communities face significant economic and demographic challenges.
Rural communities flourish when their residents recognize community needs and respond.
Rural communities have a different relationship to water than do urban dwellers.
Rural communities have a limited ability to attract professionals to rural area, especially doctors.
Rural communities have different issues - maybe transportation.
Rural communities have reservoirs of great strength, tenacity, and civic commitment.
Rural communities have the greatest number of entering physicians.
Rural communities have the nation's fastest growing rate of cocaine and heroin use.
Rural communities know better than any the importance of caring for one another.
Rural communities live in the shadow of big city wealth.
Rural communities offer a change from the pollution and traffic jams of the city.
Rural communities pose unique challenges to organizing.
Rural communities qualify for a myriad of state and federal funds.
Rural communities see prisons as a means of enlarging their tax base.
Rural communities share the same health problems as do urban ones.
Rural communities struggle along with farmers.
Rural communities survive because of small businesses, businesses like our snowmobile dealership.
Rural communities tend to be small scale and close knit.
Rural communities tend to have larger proportions of elderly.
Rural community influences on effective school practices.
Rural community is the least profitable sector.
Many rural communities are reliant on tourism to sustain their economies.
Many rural communities are short of doctors.
Many rural communities are strong and growing and are proud of their quality of life.
Many rural communities are subject to that today.
Many rural communities depend on resource industries for their livelihood.
Many rural communities feel their health and hospital services have been unfairly reduced.
Many rural communities have evidence of pesticide drifting over their crops or homes.
Many rural communities lack the telecommunications infrastructure needed to support telemedicine.
Most rural communities have public water supplies.
Most rural communities have to bring the water to the fire without the aid of hydrants.
Most rural communities have volunteer emergency responders with limited training and equipment.
Most rural communities rely on natural resources for their livelihoods.
Some rural communities can only dream of chipping away at their repair and renovation needs.
Rural congregations remain steadfast in their faith and are the center of rural life .
Rural constituents have limited access to specialized services.
Rural consumers own more vehicles and are more likely to own their own homes.
Rural consumers tend to be aware if their neighbors have superior phone capabilities and service.
Rural costs are highly variable over an exchange area.
Rural counties are also less commonly covered by programs that combine types of managed care.
Rural counties are experiences slower growth.
Rural counties get three days.
Rural counties have almost no sales tax revenue so rely almost exclusively on property taxes.
Rural counties see it differently.
Rural counties share similar problems.
Rural counties tend to favor Democratic candidates, while Mobile residents lean slightly Republican.
Rural counties tend to rely on drop-off boxes where residents can leave their recyclables.
Rural counties use funds from the county payments program to fund public education and roadbuilding.
Many rural counties discover numerous labs each month.
Many rural counties have the fortune to have generally low health and medical care costs.
Most rural counties don t have community health centers.
Some rural counties are without any approved plans.
Rural credit is a common theme in many agriculture projects.
Rural customers are more likely to experience outages and wait longer for restoration of power.
Rural customers build their homes in every imaginable pattern.
Rural customers pay slightly higher rates than urban customers do.
Rural decline is a Europe-wide blight.
Rural delivery is still a vital link between industrial and rural America.
Rural demand is limited.
Many rural departments face staffing and training-time limitations.
Rural deprivation is a problem due to declining employment in local hill farming and quarrying.
Rural development based on agriculture is the answer to population distribution problems.
Rural development is a priority for the government.
Rural development is a process where the problems of a community have been solved.
Rural development is an interdisciplinary sport.
Rural development is critical to attracting people back to the districts.
Rural development is one of the five key sectors for investment in the Australian aid program.
Rural districts are smaller than urban and suburban districts.
Rural districts can become suburban districts.
Rural districts estimate a quarter to a third of their teachers quit every year.
Rural districts have difficulty offering advanced academic or vocational courses.
Rural districts have fewer students every year.
Rural districts have small class sizes and lower teacher salaries.
Rural districts provide services for the smaller towns and villages in an area .
Rural districts provide services for the smaller towns and villages in an area.
Rural districts spend disproportionately on transportation.
Most rural districts have few minority students.
Some rural districts depend on a share of proceeds from federal timber sales for funding.
Rural doctors experience social and academic isolation.
Rural doctors help to support the services provided within the community in a number of other ways.
Rural doctors play a vital role in the effective treatment of trauma.
Rural drivers are commonly available, because they have dropped off their students.
Rural dwellers are more inclined to talk to people misbehaving.
Rural dwellers are more likely to be waving at other whites than at people from other cultures.
Most rural dwellers are farmers.
Rural economies depend on people being able to get to jobs reliably and safely.
Rural economies rely on a combination of rainfall and snowmelt, surface water, and groundwater.
Rural education is no stranger to hard times and hard problems.
Many rural educators think that teachers in larger districts know more and can do more.
Rural effectiveness is higher, though, in the three larger States.
Rural elders use a variety of means to travel to obtain health care.
Rural electrification is represented by the pylons marching off in the distance.
Rural enterprises are small businesses in rural areas.
Rural environment is a predominant way of life for the residents living in Crook County.
Rural environment issues contiue to require much attention.
Rural environments have substantially lower dioxin and furan levels than urban environments.
Rural exchanges are fully compliant.
Rural exclusion continues to be a major forgotten issue in Irish society.
Rural experts predict the worst fate for Iowa towns that have relied on agriculture.
Rural experts say such ventures can help keep farm families in business and rural towns vibrant.
Rural fairs are an old tradition.
Rural families are under economic, personal and family stress from changes in the farm economy.
Rural families count on their children helping with the farm when they finish primary school.
Rural families depend more on child care given by relatives and friends.
Rural families experience child care differently from urban ones on a number of counts.
Rural families have income support needs for the same reasons as urban families.
Rural families live in small brick homes with no indoor plumbing.
Rural families travel greater distances to obtain child care than urban families.
Many rural families depend on broilers for a major portion of their income.
Many rural families live in the same homes for generations, too.
Most rural families have their own recipe for the secondary ingredients.
Some rural families depend on village or cottage industries such as weaving.
Rural farmers can gain valuable extra income from wickerwork in the off-season.
Rural farmsteads consist of privately owned homes and mutual help scatter sites.
Rural firefighters stick together.
Rural folk are four times more likely to get sick than urban dwellers.
Rural folk eat their main meal at midday, while city dwellers emphasize the evening meal.
Rural folks are so sensitive.
Rural folks are very friendly.
Most rural folk are wonderfully spontaneous, as well, in their expressions and giving of love.
Many rural girls learn to drive at an early age.
Rural grants continue to be available for furthering the availability of the course.
Rural grievance has a long tradition in Australian politics.
Many rural groups meet in caves for fear of reprisal from the government.
Rural health is where physician assistants have been shining stars.
Rural health possesses different problems such as being far away from healthcare facilities.
Rural highways are often more narrow.
Rural History is a likely placement if the subject is rural.
Rural homes present a larger problem.
Most rural homes have a tank buried in the ground to treat wastewater.
Most rural homes use some type of septic system to treat household wastewater.
Rural homeless are more likely to be white, female, and working.
Rural homeowners can protect their homes through simple fire wise landscaping techniques.
Rural homeowners depend chiefly on ground water for domestic supply.
Rural homeowners don t like the smell, but it s agriculturally zoned.
Rural hospitals can form interhospital image transmission links with tertiary center resources.
Rural households are also more likely than urban families to live in severely inadequate housing.
Rural households headed by women are common among the poorest.
Rural households rely mainly on remittances and state social grants for income.
Many rural households operate without the benefit of electricity or modern plumbing.
Some rural households are willing to pay for better services.
Rural income is enhanced.
Rural incomes are generally well below urban incomes.
Rural incomes remain lower.
Rural industries comprise all industrial activities that are carried out in the villages.
Rural industries form an integral part of our region's economy and way of life.
Rural Infrastructure Works.
Rural inhabitants approve the development's course of Kyrgyzstan.
Rural inhabitants have the added concern of aerial crop dusting operations.
Most rural inhabitants have the impression that agriculture is entirely neglected by the government.
Rural inns provide accommodations where there are few other places for travelers to stay.
Rural isolation plays a major role with community living.
Rural issues are at the very heart of all Executive policies.
Rural issues remain understudied.
Rural land is organized for active production of farms, crops and livestock.
Rural land is state owned.
Rural land is used for crop land, pasture, livestock and forest lands.
Rural landowners are direct clients of all the natural resources agencies.
Most rural landowners are well aware of mice in and around their homes, particularly in the winter.
Rural landscapes provide many functions other than food production.
Rural landscapes vary from almost undisturbed lands to growing umbers of villages and small towns.
Some rural landscapes survive intact along the state boundary as do some handsome historic houses.
Rural legislators are divided.
Rural legislators argue that the provision ignores rural districts, which also have poor children.
Rural life can be more isolated.
Rural life can be the best and sometimes the most heart wrenching thing.
Rural life has a human scale about it.
Rural life is an ongoing economic challenge.
Rural life is lived mostly in the country.
Rural life is morally superior to urban life.
Rural life is rather peaceful and worry-free, with little, if any, social disturbances.
Rural life is rural life, let's face it.
Rural life is seen as simpler, less stressful and less expensive.
Rural life is unsullied, and therefore superior to urban.
Rural living is also available.
Rural locations have limited services for adolescents.
Rural lots are for sale in the airpark.
Rural males are more at risk from smoking-related deaths than rural females.
Rural males face more difficulties in getting married.
Rural men spend, on average almost an hour's extra paid work per day, compared to urban men.
Rural market is the ultimate hope of all major products in India.
Rural medicine fosters a close physician-patient relationship.
Some rural migrants maintain their jobs in nearby cities by commuting and telecommuting.
Rural ministry is a varied, valuable, and often vibrant form of ministry.
Rural ministry is an integral part of the larger strategy of growth for the Kingdom.
Rural ministry needs for truly agricultural areas are many and growing.
Rural mothers are also more likely to have care only in the last trimester.
Rural mothers has more tendency of breast feeding.
Rural municipalities have a role to play here as well.
Rural newspapers are good channels for family planning news.
Rural nurses are a special group of professionals working in an especially demanding environment.
Rural nurses are special.
Rural nursing tends to attract nurses who prefer to do it all rather than specialize.
Many rural occupations are hazardous.
Rural offices dial into the system via modem.
Rural opposition sends hay-ride saftey legislation back to the drawing board.
Rural parcels have no electricity.
Rural parents are increasingly unable to find adequate employment.
Rural parish loses residents.
Rural parishes consist of two to six active congregations.
Most rural pastors travel from village to village on foot.
Rural peasants protest Green Revolution, preferring the traditional methods of farming.
Rural penetration is already on the rise, though at a slower rate than in urban areas.
Rural people appear to be just as supportive of the right to roam as townies are.
Rural people are more likely to be poor and dwell in inadequate housing.
Rural people are particularly vulnerable.
Rural people are relational people.
Rural people can interact with people and businesses around the world through the Internet.
Rural people come to the city hoping for a better life and end up being one step up from homeless.
Rural people face the same social problems as their city counterparts do.
Rural people have a good knowledge of bees, plants and places favoured by bees but hives are . . .
Rural people have less leisure but spend it in the company of friends and relatives.
Rural people have much more in common with labour than the liberals.
Rural people have to travel further for access to jobs, shops and community facilities.
Rural people know when something is relevant and effective.
Rural people share their perspectives of the past, present, and future of their communities.
Rural people suffer from cruel shortages of everything.
Rural people tend to be more practical with spending.
Rural people treasure the country lifestyle, past and present.
Rural people use and manage biodiversity in obtaining their livelihoods.
Many rural people are unaware of how banks use their money, so trust is important.
Many rural people are underemployed, relying on part-time or temporary work.
Many rural people are under-employed.
Many rural people live a semisubsistence village lifestyle under the authority of a local chief.
Most rural people have no choice but to walk up to half a mile to get water.
Most rural people leave in poverty.
Most rural people live in either fishing or farm villages.
Most rural people live in small houses made of mud or bundles of branches.
Most rural people rely on their cars for the majority of journeys.
Rural phones make for slower connections.
Rural physicians are more a part of the community.
Rural physicians are often subject to more scrutiny.
Rural physicians are professionally, and often physically, isolated.
Rural physicians practice with fewer resources and fewer colleagues.
Rural placements are possible.
Rural plague involves wild rodents andfleas, with occasional transmission to man.
Rural population is MUCH lower.
Rural population reaches third four of the national population.
Rural populations are frequently undercounted.
Rural populations face additional obstacles with the scarcity of providers in rural areas.
Rural populations face problems of diversity and of deep divides between haves and have-nots.
Rural populations seek food and work in urban areas where unimmunized populations concentrate.
Rural populations tend to be dispersed, which can make service provision expensive and complicated.
Rural populations use water from drilled or shallow dug wells.
Many rural populations suffer from poverty and hunger.
Rural position is available.
Rural poverty edges downward.
Rural poverty is a distinctive feature of exclusion in Scotland and again data is limited.
Rural poverty is as bad as the urban kind.
Rural poverty is by far higher than urban poverty.
Rural poverty is greater than urban poverty.
Rural poverty is likely to be multi-generational and characterized by fatalism and hopelessness.
Rural poverty is more likely to be on an annual cycle as in the case of seasonal farm workers.
Rural poverty is often hidden Rural poverty exists within larger affluent areas.
Rural poverty is particularly deep, while unemployment in urban areas is endemic.
Rural poverty is prevalent in some areas.
Rural poverty is the most endemic and corrosive form of poverty in the world.
Rural poverty matches the worst of the third world.
Rural practice is as varied as rural communities.
Rural preceptorship is available.
Some rural principals say it is next to impossible to please a small community.
Rural problems deserve attention from multiple agencies and organizations.
Rural production tends to be higher yielding than production on urban plots.
Many rural properties have their own on-site wells and cisterns.
Most rural properties have some remnant tree cover.
Many rural providers feel that child care legislation has an inherent urban bias.
Rural pubs face tougher licensing laws.
Rural radio works in different languages.
Rural regions vary in the extent that they take advantage of their own rural amenities.
Rural representation is critical on government policy making committees.
Rural reserves are a combination of public and private lands designated never to be urbanized.
Rural residents are behind in Internet access, regardless of income level.
Rural residents are concerned about the escalation of taxes.
Rural residents are concerned about the future of their communities.
Rural residents are four times more likely to get sick than urban dwellers.
Rural residents are more likely to be uninsured.
Rural residents are more likely to lack health insurance.
Rural residents are more likely to own larger cars.
Rural residents are proud of being independent.
Rural residents are responsible for testing their own well water for potential contaminants.
Rural residents can contact their Postmasters for specific installation details.
Rural residents can make sure that septic systems are maintained in good order.
Rural residents can visit the closest community center to attend a session.
Rural residents consume primarily a simple, plant-based diet.
Rural residents count.
Rural residents depend on ferries and river barges to bring groceries, fuel, and visitors.
Rural residents face a variety of challenges in planning for the future of their communities.
Rural residents fear water contamination and complain of the overpowering odor of hog manure.
Rural residents feel conflicting pressures as they consider countermeasure compliance.
Rural residents have a more direct access of food.
Rural residents have a strong sense of community pride.
Rural residents have an incentive to use telecommunications to help overcome isolation.
Rural residents have limited options.
Rural residents pride themselves on their spirit of volunteerism.
Rural residents see the value in that.
Rural residents tend to maintain the basic traditional diet.
Rural residents think they deserve the same postal services as urban residents of Canada enjoy.
Many rural residents have to travel long distances to see physicians.
Many rural residents live within a few hundred yards of fields where pesticides are sprayed.
More rural residents have electricity.
Most rural residents have strong social and cultural attachments to their communities.
Most rural residents look underground when searching for water.
Rural roads allow riders of all abilities to enjoy Himalayan culture and scenery.
Rural roads are less likely to be illuminated at night.
Rural roads are of differing quality.
Rural roads are often more narrow and have soft shoulders.
Rural roads are uncongested and scenic.
Rural roads can be narrow, winding, and in poor condition.
Rural roads have a long history of being neglected.
Rural roads promote economic development but also facilitate deforestation.
Rural roads range from well maintained dirt and gravel routes to sand tracks.
Rural roads range from well-maintained dirt and gravel routes to sand tracks.
Rural roads stretch off into the horizon.
Many rural roads have similar usage.
Many rural roads remain attractive for bicycling.
Some rural roads are in poor repair and full of potholes.
Rural routes allow two bikes inside the bus.
Rural routes have rural mail carriers.
Rural routes provide peak-hour service, with varying daytime schedules.
Some rural routes have bi-weekly collection.
Rural schools are also community schools.
Rural schools are eligible for a higher discount rate than urban school.
Rural schools are generally small.
Rural schools are often hard-pressed to provide modern technology in regular programs for students.
Rural schools are under resourced and feel neglected.
Rural schools are valuable because they enable the survival of a whole culture.
Rural schools don t have a large science department from which to draw.
Rural schools get the leftovers.
Rural schools have their strengths, too.
Rural schools lack an accurate poverty count.
Rural schools make up the largest proportion of public schools.
Rural schools represent possibly the most important public institution in most rural communities.
Rural schools seem to lack the funding more than any otherschools.
Rural schools strive to hire qualified teachers with multiple certificates.
Rural schools tend to be located in areas of dispersed population.
Many rural school evolve into community centres.
Many rural schools have farms and gardens to teach about growing plants.
Many rural schools have virtually no Native teachers and no non-Native students.
Most rural schools lack enough copies of any reading material for each student to be able to read.
Rural seats are, after all, still overwhelmingly Conservative.
Rural senators are much more assertive.
Rural service is also available.
Rural setting provides a relaxing, quiet atmosphere with recreational opportunities.
Rural settings are perhaps the finest in the world.
Rural settlements are very scattered.
Rural sisters talk under violent whispers.
Rural sites are available for electives.
Rural sites are under- represented.
Rural skunks tend to be more fearful of people than urban and suburban skunks.
Rural slums are largely invisible.
Rural societies maintain agricultural biodiversity because it is essential to their survival.
Rural society is based around large farms, where the extended family lives and works.
Rural sociology appears to be an area of specialization within the broader field of sociology.
Rural sociology is one of the most practical college majors.
Rural sprawl creates a host of planning challenges.
Rural sprawl takes two forms.
Rural stability is key to the stability of the entire nation.
Rural states deserve a voice, too.
Rural stress is here to stay.
Rural structures predominate.
Rural students can then excel in revised state and federal performance based assessments.
Rural students deserve greater opportunities for vocational and technical training and college.
Rural students drop out of school at a very high rate.
Rural students tend to come back and work in rural areas.
Rural surgeries are very scattered.
Rural sustainability refers to the long term preservation or development of viable rural regions.
Rural systems are mainly microwave.
Rural systems are simply more expensive to operate and maintain than systems in urban areas.
Rural systems can use well, pond or other available water source.
Rural teachers can overcome their professional isolation by access to computer networks.
Rural teachers face a number of unique challenges.
Many rural teachers are deeply aware of their shortcomings.
Rural teens face additional challenges when driving on two-lane roads with narrow shoulders.
Rural telecommunications plays a key role in rural economic development.
Rural telephone is also available.
Rural telephony is to be provided in partnership with the private sector.
Rural terrorism turns out to be as American as cherry pie.
Rural towns are like that here too.
Rural transportation is financed through federal, state and local funds.
Rural transportation is funded by federal, local and state programs.
Rural transportation is funded from federal, state and local funds.
Rural transportation is funded using federal, state, and local revenue.
Rural transportation is funded with federal, state and local funds.
Rural transportation is supported by a combination of federal, state and local funds.
Rural transportation is supported by federal, state and local funds.
Rural transportation is supported by federal, state, and local funds.
Rural travel is favored in the afternoon.
Rural travel is required.
Rural unemployment continues to decline, to historically low levels.
Rural unrest is considered a major concern for Vietnam's communist leadership.
Many rural users grow their own, effectively for free and many share their harvests with friends.
Rural values are pivotal to success.
Rural values provide stability against the rapid change of modern life.
Rural veterans are still wary about the VA's changes, which they view as an erosion of services.
Rural veterinarians lose key clients.
Rural villages have a difficult time raising either money or recruits.
Rural villages remain a valued fact of life in Pacific communities.
Many rural villages dot the mountain's slopes on the side away from the hot lava flow.
Rural voters make up a significant segment of the likely Democratic caucus voters.
Rural water is also in place and ready to go.
Rural wells operate only in winter.
Many rural westerners are highly critical of the proposal.
Rural women appear to be particularly affected.
Rural women are a particularly vulnerable group of poor workers.
Rural women are a practical lot and are grateful if they can get any medical care.
Rural women are at greater risk of maternal death than are urban women.
Rural women are knowledgable and endowed with skills, talents and creativity.
Rural women are less likely to have had outpatient surgery in the past year than urban women.
Rural women are less likely to use alcohol.
Rural women are more likely to have a higher level of activity in their daily work.
Rural women are more likely to have unpaid employment in family businesses.
Rural women are mostly illiterate and conservative.
Rural women are the world's poor.
Rural women await the U.S. visitors and the opportunity to talk about their lives and needs.
Rural women can now participate in their local councils, and they also have the right to hold land.
Rural women can sign up to host urban women in their communities.
Rural women collect the snails for money, and ducks feed on the snails.
Rural women comprise more than one quarter of the total world population.
Rural women continue to do farmwork, as they have done for centuries.
Rural women dress colorfully, but modestly, wearing several layers of clothing.
Rural women enjoy getting together to go to festivals.
Rural women form an important segment of human resources in the rural areas.
Rural women gain indirect access through men as wives, daughters and sisters.
Rural women have different priorities.
Rural women know the terrain and know how to formulate their demands in an effective manner.
Rural women lack adequate health-care services.
Rural women play a very important role in animal husbandry.
Rural women play an essential role in agriculture.
Rural women remain largely subordinate in both public and private life.
Rural women report that no mention is made of sterilization's health risks.
Rural women speak out.
Rural women suffer double discrimination even in the development process.
Rural women suffer from an inferior legal status .
Rural women suffer most from lack of access to electricity.
Rural women visit one another in their homes or watch television.
Rural women walk approximately six miles daily for fuel-wood and fresh water.
Rural women wear skirts or dresses, but in urban areas jeans and short skirts are acceptable.
Rural women work alongside men in the rice fields.
Rural women work as paid labourers on cooperative and state farms in Bulgaria.
Rural women work hard and they perform the bulk of farming activities .
Many rural women lack continuity of care, information and basic health services such as pap smears.
Most rural women have little contact with the world beyond their villages.
Most rural women use rivers for washing clothes and bathing.
Some rural women earn money by selling vegetables in urban markets.
Rural workers represent a very diverse and heterogeneous sector of the paid labour force.
Most rural youngsters go barefoot, wear repeatedly patched and mended clothing and always go hungry.
A ruse is a move
Ruse considers the position absurd.
Ruse presents much to argue with, both for aficionados of evolution and for theorists of science.
Rush City is a public Corrections Facility.
Rush Creek runs along the edge of the campground providing a relaxing atmosphere.
All RUSH flyers are pink.
A rush hour is a hour
Rush hour can be bad too.
Rush hour is a serious event here.
Rush hour is an absolute nightmare, so bear that in mind as well.
Rush hour is still an hour away.
Rush hour lasts about a minute.
Rush hour lasts all day.
Rush hour occurs when school students are let out and the streets fill with bicycles.
Rush hour's a river of cars to be forded, waist-deep.
Rush hours are hours.
Rush hours are time of day.
Rush jobs are always available when push comes to shove.
Rush jobs are available with a possible extra fee.
Rush jobs are available.
Rush jobs are by negotiation.
Rush jobs are extra.
RUSH jobs are our specialty.
Rush jobs are welcome.
Rush jobs can occasionally be accommodated, please call ahead.
Rush jobs produce compromised results.
Rush jobs reduce quality.
Rush jobs welcome.
ALL RUSH orders are subject to time availability.
RUSH request has additional minimal cost.
Rush week can be both intimidating and exciting for incoming freshmen.
A rush is movement
Rush acts up a storm.
Rush analyses and data packages are available upon request, depending upon present workload.
Rush are about to return to the studio.
Rush asks youth activists, and lesbians and gays.
Rush attacks the goal with fervor, but lacks a consistent shot.
Rush begins near the beginning of each semester and last about two weeks.
Rush begins with the IFC Tent City.
Rush buy downey toyota.
Rush can be a great deal of fun, as well as informative.
Rush can be a lot of fun.
Rush can be among the most rewarding and confusing times for a college student.
Rush can be informative as well as fun.
Rush charges extra.
Rush charges other than for fax delivery are the responsibility of the individual requestor.
Rush charges Subject to availability.
Rush claims a right to paint and sell pictures of public events that occur in public places.
Rush come up one cupboard but rose amateur woman.
Rush deliver available.
Rush disagrees, sort of.
Rush does a disservice to everybody.
Rush does some fine fussbudgetry here and there, despite an otherwise inconsistent characterization.
Rush eats out of a bowl on the floor.
Rush employs in the text.
RUSH features spectacular graphics and audio.
Rush frames the larger issues facing electronic publishers.
Rush goes farther than the people with a little taste and some manners.
Rush goes from simplistic dreamer to duped and dangerous fool little sympathy there.
Rush goes on to show a very large blow-up of the frame with the man in the white suit.
Rush holds the player record for most League Cup wins.
Rush indulges the senses, transporting one into a dazzling, sensual delirium.
Rush is about lovers on the other side of the law, yet in some ways it's the same story.
RUSH is choice.
Rush is dead scared of flying.
Rush is for everyone.
RUSH is here to expose the truth about the health consequences related to tobacco use.
Rush is on the character's constantly changing emotional mark at every turn.
Rush is on.
Rush is over.
Rush is so emotionally and physically draining on both actives and rushees.
Rush is so simple-minded it hurts.
Rush is SUCH a whore.
RUSH is the lifeblood of the fraternity.
Rush is when fraternities recruit new members.
Rush knows more about the game than they realize.
Rush lasts for about a month, and consists of various activities.
Rush lives in Greenville, South Carolina.
Rush look Money below a couple between a cottage.
Rush looks forward to covering up for future roles.
Rush occurs during winter and spring quarters.
Rush offers easy access to public transportation.
Rush offers leading-edge medications proven to halt bone loss and increase bone mass.
Rush offers muscular dystrophy and adult cerebral palsy clinics.
Rush opens the doors to sorority life, giving a firsthand glance at what sisterhood is all about.
RUSH ought to be ashamed.
Rush plays beautiful basketball.
Rush plays only seven minutes, scores two points, and picks up two rebounds and two fouls.
Rush presents the conservative response to the liberal media every weekday.
RUSH prints RUSH on purchase order.
Rush runs around naked, all the time.
Rush slurs innocent people to death.
Rush speaks and liberals shake with humiliation and embarrassment.
Rush spends long hours breaking down tape, critiquing the staff, providing instruction.
Rush stirs the fraternity into action at the beginning of each semester.
Rush takes a lot of time.
Rush takes place a day later than in previous years.
Rush takes place during the spring semester.
Rush takes place second semester.
Rush takes the form of a series of events that each house holds independently.
Rush teaches professionalism.
Rush tells it like it is.
Rush translates into big ratings numbers.
Rush write Tire throughout lamp unto no flying saucer for row to that class.
Rushes absorb moisture, thus lowering humidity in a room.
Rushes are also nice natural looking plants for wet areas.
Rushes are another huge part of club.
Rushes are mostly herbaceous, but one, the palmiet, native to South Africa, is a woody shrub.
Rushes are worldwide in distribution but are most abundant in moist, cool habitats.
Rushes differ from grasses and sedges in that their fruits are capsules.
Rushes prefer wet sunny locations.
Rushes provide important habitat for waterfowl and other wildlife.
Rushs are flow.
Rushs are marsh plants.
Rushs are outburst.
Rushs are runs.
Rushs cause rushs.
All rush is is speech.
All rushes are extremely difficult to identify.
Rushed shots leave teams out of position to rebound and out of position to play transition defense.
Rushed stories can mean less time for fact-checking and less time to interview subjects.
Rushing cause errors.
Rusk County intends to acquire the brownfield and market it for industrial use.
Rusk County is fortunate to have eight outstanding school districts.
Russet potatoes are best when baked or mashed.
A russet is homespun
Russets are the best.
Russets are the workhorse of the potato world.
Russets have a high starch and low sugar content.
Russets have tough packets that resist breaking.
Most russets are antiques from the ninetenth century or before.
Some russet occurs around the stem region.
Russia has (part) Caspian.
Russia is part of Eurasia.
Russia isa thing.
Russian activists denounce the war .
Russian adoptions depend very much on local officials.
Russian adults have a high rate of alcoholism.
Russian alphabet has a centuries-old history.
Russian amber can be traditional honey-colored pieces to a soft warm yellow.
Many Russian analysts fear that playing the second card has precluded the third course of action.
Russian announcements follow a well-thumbed script.
Russian antagonism is sure to grow if the alliance extends ever closer to Russian territory.
Russian archaeologists call such a book a tsera, from the Latin cera for wax.
Russian art is more an atmosphere.
Russian art is quite beautiful.
Russian art works .
Russian artillery have unlimited barrage capability.
All Russian artillery are regiments, all German are battalion.
Russian artists have a reputation for doing great things with the classics.
Russian Assassins def.
Russian astronauts continue to lose bone at an accelerated rate up to one year after being in space.
Russian astronauts have a few other things to think about first.
Russian athletes have yet to be paid for winning medals at the Nagano Olympics.
Russian authors are among the best in the world.
Russian authorities assert the battle for Groznyy is over.
Russian authorities claim they are conducting criminal investigations.
Russian authorities continue to investigate the incident.
Russian authorities deny that their country leaks weapons materials from all sides.
Russian authorities have plenty to hide.
Russian authorities refuse to supply any data on industrial waste pollution in the Baltic Sea.
Russian authorities say the war is winding down and is trying to get people to return home.
Russian authorities say they are investigating the episode.
Russian authorities state that there is no current risk of explosion or radiation leaks.
Russian balls are sometimes home-made since the materials needed are cheap.
Russian ballet is considered the best in the world.
Russian banks are solitaire.
Russian banks have no interest in the custodian business yet.
Russian banks have ten year history of embezzeling depositors money.
Russian banks keep even more bizairre hours than American banks.
Russian banking is indeed a house of cards with the potential for many bankruptcies.
Russian baritone sings a program of arias, art songs and Russian folk songs.
Russian bears sell beer and kerchiefed babushkas star in cutting-edge music videos.
Russian beer is from kvass, or rye bread.
Russian benefits are mainly health care related, and include free check-ups and medicines.
Russian Blues are clever and extremely agile.
Russian Blues are quiet, clean cats who are playful and loving companions.
Russian Blues prefer to be indoors.
Russian Blues take pride in cleanliness, preferring order rather then chaos in the household.
Russian boar are very unpredictable animals.
Russian boars have broad heads, sloping shoulders and tusks.
Russian bombardments are unrelenting.
Russian bombers explode on the ground.
Russian books can be difficult to locate.
Russian breeders are very protective of their cats.
Russian brides are family oriented and devoted to the upbringing of children.
All Russian brides listed in our catalogue are real and available for correspondence.
Russian buoys are red and white.
Russian bureaucracy is over-rated.
Russian businesses frequent the site and post their ads on Russian pages.
Most Russian buyers require credit.
Russian cameras come in a wider variety.
Russian carriers are reluctant to send vessels to overhaul and repair to domestic yards.
Russian cartoons are also suitable for more serious language and cultural study.
Russian cemeteries can be really quite pleasant places.
Russian champagne is surprisingly good and reasonably priced.
Russian characters are now available at TMenuBar class.
Russian charter ends peasant reforms and allows nobility to own serfs.
Russian chemical reviews Russian history.
Russian children are seemingly oblivious to it.
Russian children perform traditional Russian fold songs and dances.
Every Russian child learns the story.
Many Russian children face dangerously high levels of lead exposure.
Russian chocolate is delicious, more like Swiss chocolate.
Russian citizens are free to apply their abilities and resources to engage in business.
Russian citizens are people.
Any Russian citizens are eligible to apply.
Many Russian citizens receive primary care and many specialty services in polyclinics.
Russian cities are like that.
Russian Cities Take a virtual trip to several of Russia's enchanting cities.
Most Russian cities are safer than our cities here, especially for tourists doing tourist things.
Some Russian cities spend a third of their budget subsidizing citizens' heat and hot water.
Russian civilians take arms.
Russian classes meet five days a week and are worth four credits per semester.
Russian classrooms are generally very well organised and reasonably well disciplined.
Russian comfrey does fine, if moored in the shade.
Russian commanders claim the war in Chechnya is all but over.
Russian commanders say their use of force has been in response to provocations by the rebel side.
Russian companies are active there in nuclear development and supplying missiles.
Russian companies are the opposite.
Russian companies have the right to own the land on which their facilities stand.
Some Russian companies have no arrangements as yet for joint ventures with non-Russian companies.
Russian conservatives favor private enterprise.
Russian contacts are especially strong in the grain, oilseeds and beer sectors.
Russian couple has basic instinct for the gold.
Russian couples are very affectionate towards one another, regardless of where they are.
Russian courses are available for everyone who wants to learn Russian language.
Russian courts are without resources and have little impact on civic and business life.
Russian crackers do amazing things with very limited computing power.
Russian credibility is uncertain.
Russian critics say the treaty is a bad deal that was accepted out of weakness.
Russian cuisine is among the most delicious on earth.
Russian culture is all about adapting.
Russian culture is immense, rich and multifaceted.
Russian culture is very rich and consists of many interesting specialties.
Russian culture is very state centered.
Russian culture is, of course, absent, but so are modern Iranian elements.
Russian culture links A lot of interesting information on Russian culture.
Russian culture places great emphasis on the arts, whether it is literature or ballet.
Russian designers plant to convert disused military submarines into cargo carriers.
Russian diplomat is expelled for spying.
Russian divisions are immobile city garrisons.
Some Russian doctors say the situation has reached epidemic proportions.
Russian dragoons appear in helmets and bicornes.
Russian economists point to the positive influence of the crisis on the economy.
Russian economy is totally in shambles.
Russian economy shrinks.
Russian elections are more democratic and easier to grasp for the voters.
Russian elections are relatively free outright fraud occurs only at the margins.
Russian employment is confined largely to the industrial sector in Estonia.
Russian engineers believe they understand what went wrong with the automatic guidance system.
Russian enterprises have virtually no working capital and little possiblitiy of credit.
Many Russian entrepreneurs rent some state property to run their businesses.
Russian environmentalists are uniformly opposed to the import of atomic waste.
Russian environmentalists say the new minister is an unknown quantity.
Russian escorts travel all over the world, are reliable and well educated.
Russian exams have until very recently been oral rather than written.
Most Russian experts believe that the talks dealt with both political and business issues.
Russian explorers land on the mainland on the Alaska Peninsula.
Russian factories continue to churn out steel and other products that no one needs.
Russian fallout continues The Baltic states are struggling with the fall-out from Russia.
Russian families tend to be small, one or perhaps two children.
Russian farmers are considerably behind in hay-making.
Many Russian farmers raise deer and are highly protective of their stock.
Most Russian farmers grow traditional vegetable crops, such as cabbage, beets, and potatoes.
Russian farmland remains largely in the hands of the state.
Russian flats are small.
Russian folklore encompasses a broad and powerful storytelling tradition.
Russian folklore promotes ginseng as a stimulant and immunity booster.
Russian food has a long tradition in Helsinki and the city has a number of fine Russian restaurants.
Russian food is different from American food.
Russian food is famous all over the world.
Russian food is more familiar.
Russian food is served in many restaurants, but more exotic food can also be found in many places.
Russian Foods Try a different food today at Russian foods.
Russian Foods Try something new today.
Russian forces invade Chechnya for the second time.
Russian forces invade Finland.
Russian forces invade Poland.
Russian forces manning checkpoints throughout Chechnya routinely extort civilians for bribes.
Russian forces occupy Estonia and Latvia.
Russian forces patrol the city, where snipers and car bombs continue to claim lives.
Russian forces refuse to attack.
Russian forests are the people' s national wealth and are federal property.
Russian funerals are very different than funerals in America.
Russian gangs swap their drugs for cars stolen by the yakuza.
Russian generals are bloodthirsty, they dream of revenge.
Russian girls are among the most beautiful women in the world.
Russian girls are the most beautiful and charmant of the world.
Russian grievances go back even further.
Some Russian hacks are major coups.
Russian hackers are professionals.
Russian historians uncover the site of mass murders under the Stalin regime.
Russian history is astonishingly rich and complex.
Russian history is replete with examples of the elite changing sides.
Russian horses are superior.
Russian hospitals are large.
Russian hospitality is beyond the imagination.
Russian immigrants assimilate into Israeli culture while remembering their past.
Russian immigrants express their culture in America through religion, music, dance and food.
Russian immigrants make up a significant percentage of the white population.
Russian imperialism marches forward.
Most Russian imports come from Brazil and Cuba.
Some Russian industries fear the rigors of global competition.
Russian influence is still strong in many island communities.
Russian intelligence pays solely for information requested by the military leadership in Moscow.
Russian involvement is suspected and a team of navy seals is sent down to invesitgate.
Russian kids fit the bill.
Russian knapweed grows in most western states.
Russian knapweed has rounded bracts with pointed papery tips.
Russian knapweed is a creeping perennial that reproduces from seed and vegetative root buds.
Russian knapweed is a woody perennial that can form dense colonies.
Russian knapweed is also on the state and local noxious weed list.
Russian knapweed is native to southern Ukraine, southeast Russia, Iran, Kazakhstan and Mongolia.
Russian knapweed is successful because it out competes most other broadleaf plants and many grasses.
Russian knapweed is toxic to horses.
Russian knapweed is toxic to livestock.
Russian knapweed regenerates readily after cultivation.
Russian knapweed tends to form monocultures and usually eliminates other plants.
Russian ladies are almost all very beautiful.
Russian ladies are very mature for their age and view an older man as more stable and secure.
Russian ladies can feel deeply and they are able to love with all their heart.
Russian ladies love to dance and enjoy popular and traditional music.
Russian ladies make perfect partners in life.
Russian lady is a world of amazing combinations.
All russian ladies are able to make men happy.
All Russian ladies are able to make men happy.
All russian ladies dream about happiness.
All Russian ladies dream about happiness.
Many Russian ladies write poems as well.
Most Russian ladies enjoy all types of pets.
Most Russian ladies learn English in school.
Russian language is added.
Russian language lessons aboard in the afternoon.
Russian language replaces English.
Russian language studying programmes, offered in summer, are very various.
Russian language uses different alphabet.
Russian law allows foreign nationals to adopt Russian orphans.
Russian law allows republics, where gold is mined, to hold some stocks, too.
Russian law defines organized crime differently than most other countries in the world.
Russian law forbids a minister from also being a deputy.
Russian law prohibits a person who has a passport from a foreign country to hold public office.
Russian law prohibits candidates from accepting contributions from foreign donors.
Russian law prohibits foreigners from establishing media outlets.
Russian law provides for a minimum wage, which is revised regularly to take account of inflation.
Russian law requires at least two candidates to run in any election for it to be considered valid.
Russian law requires most of the oil revenues, which are in dollars, to be converted to rubles.
Many Russian laws suffer from an identical defect, supporting a very broad range of interpretation.
Russian leaders face conflicting pressures.
Russian librarians are accustomed to overcoming obstacles.
Russian librarians are very dedicated to their profession.
Russian libraries are also increasingly innovative in their efforts to obtain funds.
Russian lightbulbs are perfect.
Russian literature is also a major emphasis of the department.
Russian literature is among the most beautiful and exciting national literatures in the world.
Russian literature is both out of the ordinary and full of compassion.
Russian literature is collected at the advanced study to research level.
Russian literature is literary work.
Russian majors are also in demand now.
Many Russian majors go on to pursue graduate and professional training as well.
Russian man has enough troubles as it is.
Russian men are all macho.
Russian men are too busy with themselves and their problems.
Russian men can now expect to die in their fifties.
Russian men don t help.
Russian men have a reputation for being unfaithful and consuming too much alcohol.
Many Russian men lack a certain maturity towards family and relationships.
Russian managers have an over-acute sense of nationalism.
Russian manufacturers estimate that they can produce hundreds of aircraft a year.
Russian materials Soc.
Russian media continue to discuss the consequences of the Communist electoral victory in Moldova.
Russian media is the only institution in Russia now that is truly democratic.
Russian mobsters are that arrogant.
Russian models welcome.
Russian music takes many forms.
Russian names appear written in Cyrillic.
Russian names mark Alaska's geographical landscape.
Russian nationalism is something quite different from ordinary patriotism.
Russian nationalists are opposed to any kind of German unity.
Russian naysayers can conclude rightly that their worst case view is indeed valid.
Russian negotiators appear reconciled to putting off the tax cut until the beginning of next year.
Russian newspapers are now available online in full image and text.
Some Russian newspapers forecast a possible devaluation of the ruble.
Most Russian nouns can become plural.
Russian nurse seeks live-in position to care for elderly person.
Russian nurses occupy a different place in the hospital hierarchy than their American counterparts.
Russian objections are also likely to seriously complicate the Baltic bid for membership.
Russian odes promote a different rational for gardens.
Russian offer is about the best.
Russian officers say all of the battered city is now under their control.
Russian officers shoot and kill their own men who jump overboard to get away from the strafing runs.
Russian officers smoke during a meeting.
Russian officials are yet to comment on the incident.
Russian officials believe the note was written at least two hours after the sub began to sink.
Russian officials believe the protocol contradicts Russian interests.
Russian officials blame the low turnout on the lack of polling stations.
Russian officials call it a misunderstanding.
Russian officials cite either a collision or an internal problem.
Russian officials claim they overachieved their tax collection targets for the period.
Russian officials deny it was a move designed to scare away potential buyers.
Russian officials dispute the idea that there is a problem.
Russian officials hope to accomplish that with the help of the next crew.
Russian officials insist the returns are voluntary.
Russian officials insist, however, that they are cracking down.
Russian officials refuse to talk to the rebel leaders.
Russian officials say the bow probably was damaged by an explosion, perhaps in a torpedo bay.
Russian officials say the most likely scenario was a collision with a foreign submarine.
Russian officials say the submarine's other escape hatch, near the midsection, is destroyed.
Russian officials say the telephone links are an important symbol of improving relations.
Russian officials say they are investigating that possibility as well.
Russian officials say they are still waiting for an answer.
Russian officials say they are winning the struggle and that conditions in Chechnya are improving.
Russian officials say they feared Moscow was being frozen out.
Russian officials say they have confirmed that the front of the submarine is badly damaged.
Russian officials say they have seized hundreds of cassettes from 'rebel archives' in the region.
Russian officials say they have successfully tested the reusable spacecraft.
Russian officials think the canister had a leak, releasing the chemicals which sparked the blaze.
Many Russian officials insist the vessel sank after colliding with a foreign vessel.
Russian olive can become a weed if planted on sites with moderate to good growing conditions.
Russian olive has thick foliage, many branches, and cover close to the ground.
Russian olive is a shrub or small tree that is a native of Eurasia.
Russian olive is a widely adapted intermediate shrub.
Russian olive is the check species.
Russian olive provides excellent cover and protection for partridge, pheasant and sharp-tail grouse.
Russian opera is under-represented.
Russian opposition paints bleak picture of economy.
Russian optics is the best-kept secret in the industry.
Russian pancakes turn out to be perfectly done French crepes.
Russian part is in red.
Russian passengers take off their shoes and walk about in bedroom slippers and sweat pants.
Russian patients are distrustful of doctors.
Russian people are a complex combination of East and West.
Russian people are friendly and hospitable, and happy to help if assistance is needed.
Russian people are, first and foremost, spiritual people.
Russian people get nothing out of it.
Russian people stop eating any product that comes from an animal with the exception of seafood.
All Russian people are total alchoholics.
Most Russian people live in apartment blocks.
Russian philosophy is thin.
Russian pioneers cross the Bering Strait to North America.
Russian plant begins production of Opel cars.
Russian plants produce just a few dozen, mostly helicopters or military jets for export.
Russian players celebrate their victory over Canada.
Russian policy adds to the strong prospect for nuclear in Europe.
Russian policy gives all Russian nationals the formal right to reside in Russia.
Russian policy is driven by economics.
Russian policy is imbued with criminality and corruption.
Russian policy is, in the short term, unalterable.
Russian policy postulates the inviolability of the ABM treaty.
Most Russian politicians see nuclear parity as an issue that goes well beyond nuclear strategy.
Some Russian politicians claim that Washington is interested only in achieving world domination.
Russian populations are considered endangered.
Russian pressure is explained by other reasons.
Russian pressure is palpable across the board.
Russian prisons are nothing to laugh about.
Russian problems take on a whole new light when plastered across the internet.
Russian programmers are a tough sort.
Russian programmers are always in the mood for programming.
Russian programmers are always underpaid.
Russian programmers are very experienced in hardware.
Russian programmers feel themselves very comfortable on the Internet.
Russian programmers hate to code somebody else's ideas.
Russian protests are ineffectual.
Russian reformers leave cabinet.
Russian registries provide pedigrees which have the proper seal and signatures to be genuine.
Russian reports say the group was chased back into Chechnya.
Russian research suggests that it can kill some flu viruses.
Russian research works on acoustics.
Russian rivers are better and in some cases even cheaper.
Russian rock based on huge singer-songwriter community and lyrics means much more than music.
Russian roulette is a deadly game in which all but one of the gun's bullets are removed.
Russian roulette is albums.
Russian roulette is bad business strategy.
Russian roulette is more challenging with a semi-automatic.
Russian roulette is stunts.
Russian roulette is television shows.
Russian sage grows well in full sun and well-drained soils.
Russian sage has silver foliage topped with spikes of lavender-blue flowers.
Russian sage has silvery leaves and blue flowers throughout the summer.
Russian sage is that little black dress that never goes out of style.
Russian sailors mutiny aboard the battleship Potemkin at Odessa.
Russian salads resemble ye olde potato salads of beer-drenched picnic lore.
Russian samovars vary in interior construction and exterior decoration and purpose.
Russian satellites snap photos of departing subs then Russian subs try to track em.
Russian schools are much more disciplined.
Russian scientists approach the issue from the other direction.
Russian scientists call it antagonist passive insufficiency.
Russian scientists get no pay for months, yet they still seek knowledge.
Russian seamen fail to dock rescue capsule.
Russian securities commission to investigate four oil companies.
Russian sets are no exception.
Many Russian singers look and sound like their American counter-parts.
Russian society has a unique system of rewards and punishments for their labor force.
Russian society is no longer a static and non-elastic society, and it gains relative dynamics.
Russian solders enter Warsaw.
Russian soldiers are soldiers.
Russian soldiers demonstrate a rocket-propelled grenade launcher to American soldiers.
Russian soldiers have the capital encircled.
Russian soldiers live in hovels, many owed months of back pay.
Russian soldiers maintain a constant presence.
Russian soldiers reach Berlin.
Russian soldiers surround Grozny, Chechnya.
Most Russian soldiers are conscripts, draftees who serve two years upon high school graduation.
Russian soups are hydrated and consumed directly from their packages.
Russian sources are also replete with references to the practice.
Russian sources read in conjunction with English language courses.
Russian sources refer to all Persian dialects in Afghanistan as Tajiki.
Russian speakers claim the law is often used to silence unpopular views.
Russian speakers have more latitude for placements.
Russian specialist solves variety of arcane male genitalia maladies.
Russian specialists disagree about what Moscow's latest moves mean.
Russian stocks take another dive.
Russian strategy is clearly recognizable.
Russian student takes part in CC science lesson.
Russian students are more adventurous than most.
Russian students have no multiple-choice tests, and most exams are oral.
Russian studies lecture.
Russian studies provides an annotated list of useful Web resources.
Russian study encompasses a broad discipline that touches on many others.
Russian stuff is more likely to break or fail before the tube is actually used up.
Russian subs are in a similar position.
Russian subjects enjoy freedom of religion.
Many Russian superstitions are variations on western themes, for example mirrors.
Russian systems are at even greater risk than the United States.
Russian tanks invade Czechoslovakia.
Russian tarragon can form seed.
Russian tarragon grows easily from seed but has a slightly bitter, more pungent flavor.
Russian tarragon is much coarser, has paler leaves, and a more bitter taste.
Russian technicians are for sale.
Russian television reports that many hostages are kept in cages.
Russian television reports that outlying areas of the city are already under water.
Russian terrorists are out to sabotage the project.
Russian thistle can also threaten native plant ecosystems.
Russian thistle can tolerate alkaline soil conditions.
Russian thistle is a dead menace here on the windswept desert of south-central Washington.
Russian thistle is abundant today in many parts of Arizona and California.
Russian thistle is an annual weed, reproducing by seeds.
Russian thistle is extremely drought tolerant.
Russian thistle is native to the steppe and grassland areas of Russia.
Russian thistle is our main problem weed.
Russian thistles are also common allergens in the fall.
Russian thistles are shrubs.
Russian thistles break off at ground level in the fall and become tumbleweeds.
Russian toasts constitute also a separate subject.
Russian torpedoes go farther, much faster and pack a bigger payload.
Russian tortoises are burrowers.
Russian tortoises are small tortoise and are very common household pets.
Russian tortoises can have small water dishes in their outdoor enclosures.
Most Russian tortoises are imported into the United States.
Russian translation is available.
Russian translation is in progress and a subsequent Russian print publication planned.
Russian translation is provided.
Russian troops appear in Alaska, Canada.
Russian troops comb the blitzed city for rebels left behind in the retreat.
Russian troops control all roads leading in and out of Grozny.
Russian troops cross into Alaska and prepare to take the Alaskan pipeline as a bargaining piece.
Russian troops enter Vienna.
Russian troops fight in Chechnya for Chechen money.
Russian troops have no chance of winning.
Russian troops invade Central Asia, the Caucasus, Afghanistan.
Russian troops invade Iran.
Russian troops invade Prussia.
Russian troops make surprise move into Kosovo.
Russian troops march to the Rhine, by way of Bohemia.
Russian troops occupy the territory and are frequently targeted by rebels in hit and run ambushes.
Russian tubes are very popular worldwide, because they have the longest operating lives.
Russian turmoil reaches nuclear sanctum.
Some Russian varieties are short, thick, and have a rough, netted brown skin.
Most Russian verbs come in pairs.
Russian version is available there.
Russian version is given below.
Russian version is here.
Russian version is in progress.
Russian version is much larger than the english one.
Russian version is under construction.
Russian visa is required to enter into the territory.
Russian visa is required to enter the region.
Russian visas processed through the New York consulate do require the actual passport.
Russian vodka becomes increasingly popular in the United States.
Russian vodka is made out of maize and wheat, while the German vodka is made from potato.
Russian voters yawn.
Russian warplanes continue to target rebel positions in the mountains.
Russian weapons are less secure than at any time in history.
Russian websites catalog.
Russian weddings are solemn.
Russian wives are well educated, at the same time sexy, and posses exotic beauty beyond belief.
Russian wives surprise the world More and more foreign men dream about Russian wife.
Russian woman are more serious about family responsibilities than many other women.
Russian woman has to take decisions everyday.
Russian woman seeks penpals Russian woman seeks penpals A Russian woman makes a good wife.
Russian women appear to be happy being women.
Russian women appreciate American men because they drink less than Russian men.
Russian women appreciate honesty.
Russian women are among the most beautiful and loving wives in the world.
Russian women are among the most beautiful women in the world.
Russian women are among the most beautiful, devoted and faithful women on the planet.
Russian women are astonishingly beautiful, and most are in good shape.
Russian Women Are Beautiful.
Russian women are complacent about an issue they feel disempowered to address.
Russian women are earthy, very real, and sincere with traditional values.
Russian women are extremely attractive, intelligent and make very devoted wives.
Russian women are extremely mature and practical for their age.
Russian women are extremely realistic and practical in their expectations for life.
Russian women are family oriented and devoted wives.
Russian women are feminine, loving, sweet, and traditionally minded.
Russian women are more intelligent and most are well educated.
Russian women are much more interested in the human being than in the level of physical perfection.
Russian women are open with their children in the aspects of culture and friendship .
Russian women are peculiar in regard to dress.
Russian women are really quite adaptable.
Russian women are simply the best.
Russian women are the most beautiful and intelligent in the world.
Russian women are traditional, very feminine, affectionate, beautiful, family oriented.
Russian women are twice as likely to die from alcohol poisoning or injury as American men.
Russian women are very intelligent, mature and sincere brides.
Russian women are very loyal to their partners once they have committed to a relationship.
Russian women are warm, sensitive, loving and devoted.
Russian women are well known for their fidelity, extremely good looks, and good moral character.
Russian women are, if possible, even more domestically oriented than women from the Philippines.
Russian women believe that men living in North America make better husbands then Russian men.
Russian women can appreciate a nice, attrictive, virile, young man as well as any other women.
Russian women have a reputation for being warm, caring, and loving.
Russian women have more style, beauty, and femininity.
Russian women have very different expectations.
Russian women hold traditional family values.
Russian women know how to turn any situation to their own advantage.
Russian women look for inner qualities.
Russian women love roses and gifts.
Russian women rely primarily on abortions for contraception.
Russian women seem to like local fashion.
Russian women seem to want to buy fur coats for everyday use.
Russian Women Take Readily to Men's Jobs.
Russian women tend to be much more family-oriented than their American counterparts.
Russian women tend to get dressed up for evenings out.
Russian women view an older man as being more reliable, stable, successful and secure.
Most Russian women are extremely mature for their years.
Most Russian women seem to like European dark chocolate.
Russian words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
Russian words are on store signs.
Rust converters are only highly effective if used properly.
Rust converters are substitutes for primers, but they come in very handy in some situations.
Rust fungi appear on the upper and lower leaf surface as orange-yellow spots.
Rust fungi infect mostly the leaves and stems of plants but sometimes attack flowers.
Rust fungi live and reproduce only on living plants.
Rust fungi produce no basidiocarps.
Most rust fungi produce spores.
Some rust fungi have phases.
Some rust fungi kill plants.
Rust fungi are obligate parasites and infect only living grass plants.
Rust fungi are obligate parasites.
Rust fungi produce spores.
Rust fungus is the curse of hollyhocks.
A rust mite is a mite
Rust mites are almost always a springtime pest, but they can also reappear in the fall.
Rust mites are eriophyid mites and are biologically different from spider mites.
Rust mites are mites.
Rust mites are worm-like eriophyid mites similar to the rosette bud mite.
Rust removers remove rust and industrial soil, destroy and passivate rust stimulators.
Rust causes damage.
Rust causes few problems.
Rust causes problems.
Rust causes serious damage.
Rust dissolves into the water giving it a brownish color.
Rust forms on an old car.
Rust forms only on metals that contain iron.
Rust is colour.
Rust is corrosion.
Rust is erosion
Rust is funguses.
Rust is iron oxide.
Rust is orange.
Rust is oxidation
Rust is oxidation.
Rust is plant diseases.
Rust is programming language.
Rust isa oxide.
Rust likewise tends to cover metals with protective coatings that slow the process of rusting.
Rust mites prefer moderate, spring-like temperatures and dry conditions.
Rust occurs on tall fescue and is seen more often in later summer on older plants.
Rust tends to attract other things, such as dirt, that affect adhesion.
Rusts also attack vegetables, cotton, soybeans, flowers , coffee, apple and pine trees.
Rusts are a group of fungi that can complete their life cycle on two or more different hosts.
Rusts are a type of fungi that use alternate host.
Rusts are most severe when water and fertility are less than adequate for good growth.
Rusts are obligate intracellular biotrophic pathogens that develop haustoria in the host cells.
Rusts are often more severe in shaded areas than sunlit areas.
Rusts are one of the most economical damaging pathogens for cereals worldwide.
Rusts are pretty interesting and common parasites of many different species of vascular plants.
Rusts are the subject of an entire section of their own.
Rusts are usually the most troublesome of the leaf diseases on small grains.
Rusts can cause serious infections in wheat and rye fields.
Rusts can result in some defoliation, especially when plants are crowded.
Rusts commonly omit one or more spore stages in their life cycle.
Rusts form reddish patches of spores on the host plant.
Rusts generally infect healthy, vigorous plants in preference to weak plants.
Rusts have both spanish bluebell, a lovely.
Rusts occur at several thousand meters above infected fields and can be carried for miles.
Rusts require water to reproduce and infect host plants.
Rusts utilize their hosts in many ways, but it is always aggravated by humidity on the leaves.
Rusts weaken plants and lower yield.
Rusts usually develop during cool weather.
Rusts usually spend the winter as teliospores, which require a dormant period before germination.
Many rusts have special alternate hosts for completion of the sexual cycle.
Most rust causes damage.
Most rust causes few problems.
Most rust causes problems.
Most rust causes serious damage.
Some rust affects crops.
Some rust affects important crops.
Some rust causes death.
Some rust causes diseases.
Some rust causes serious diseases.
Some rusts have much shorter life cycles requiring but one host.
Some rusts produce up to five different spore forms.
Rusted bars expand, cracking concrete.
Rusted cages can cause metal poisoning and are very toxic to budgies.
Rusted equipment stands out in the open.
Rusted frames hang from pegs in the ceiling like skeletons.
Rusted springs suggest pasta and corroded spheres, meatballs.
Rusted wrecks mount one another in fields.
Rustic atmosphere emphasizes offering a wide range of activities with emphasis on cabin community.
Rustic beauty blended with contemporary design provides a warm, inviting atmosphere.
All Rustic beds come with headboard, footboard and side rails.
Rustic bridges arch over the opaque waters.
Rustic cabins appear to pose the highest risk for infection.
Rustic cabins are also available for rent.
Rustic cabins are available at two of the campgrounds.
Rustic cabins are wooden tents.
Rustic cabins contain one set of bunk beds each.
Rustic cabins sleep up to four persons comfortably.
Rustic camp offers shelter and room for a couple of small family to get away affordably.
Rustic campers have access to the medical and bathing facilities of the camp.
Rustic camping is available in the the hogan area, about a half mile away.
Rustic camping is free on the track grounds.
Rustic camping is permitted and a limited number of recreational vehicles can be accommodated.
Rustic campsites are available.
Rustic campsites exist in many places along the road and four pullouts have picnic tables.
Most rustic chairs have bark.
Rustic coffee can consist of coffee grown under old growth, or more commonly, secondary forest.
Rustic country welcome sign is handcrafted in metal.
Rustic cows graze here.
Rustic cypress lodges houseguests.
Rustic facilities are available.
Rustic facilities prevail.
Rustic frame has a few small rubs.
Rustic grades are also available.
Rustic housing is available at all field sites, and hearty meals are provided.
Rustic housing is available at other field sites, and meals are provided.
Rustic housing is available at the unit headquarters.
Rustic pastas play supporting roles to the range of seafood.
Rustic people use agreeable styles in weaving carpets.
Rustic pieces are sturdy and built to last.
Rustic restaurants sell seafood and fish.
Rustic roads provide scenic rides through lake country.
Rustic Roads redirect page . .
Rustic stock contains nail holes and sound knots.
Rustic tarts are now very chic.
Rustic tour includes hiking, canoeing, boating, exploring.
Rusting is corrosion.
Rusting is oxidation.
A rustler is a thief
Rustlers are everywhere.
Rustlers are people who try to steal cattle.
Rustlers are thiefs.
Many rustlers are exiled to Texas until after the war.
Rustling isa crime.
A rusty blackbird is a blackbird
Rusty blackbirds begin moving through .
Some rusty blackbirds prefer swampy areas.
Rusty browns gain popularity as colors for quilting.
Rusty coils squeak.
Rusty contacts add resistance to current flow.
Rusty crayfish can increase fish predation on native crayfish in a variety of ways.
Rusty crayfish inhabit both pools and fast water areas of streams.
Rusty forms look great in the modern garden.
Rusty graham gets player of the game.
Rusty irons conduct electricity.
Most rusty irons conduct electricity.
Rusty leggings form a noticeable 'V' against the whitish underparts.
Rusty root can be a result of exposure of ginseng roots to excess water in the soil.
Rusty root can be a sign of physiological damage to the root.
Rusty scimitars are most effective.
Some rusty spinners are also out.
Rusty spot is seen only on the fruit.
Rusty streaks are usually visible on the back.
Rusty tools are a sign of no company pride.
Rusty water gushes out full blast.
Rusty water is caused by iron.
A rut is routine
Rut is a male animal's peak period of fertility and sexual excitement.
Rut lives out in Oregon and they have seen each other just twice in the past twenty-five years.
RUT tracks the outcomes at the monthly meetings.
Ruts are comfortable places to be.
Ruts are grooves.
Ruts are routine.
Ruts are still visible in fields.
Ruts can get deep enough to completely stop a motorcycle.
Ruts caused by off-road use can take centuries to recover.
Ruts jerk the bike.
Ruts left by the wagons are still clearly visible.
Ruts left by the wheels of covered wagon are still visible in the passes along the bluffs.
Ruts made by the wagon trains are still visible at several locations throughout northeastern Oregon.
Ruts often deepen into graves.
Some ruts have high walls.
A rutabaga is a turnip
Rutabaga have bluish, thicker and smooth leaves.
Rutabagas are part of rutabagas.
Rutabagas are root vegetables.
Rutabagas are turnips.
Rutabagas have a stronger flavor.
Rutabagas require four weeks longer to mature than turnips and are best grown as a fall crop.
Rutech software is pretty good.
Ruth Lake is very popular with local residents for swimming, and an area is roped off using buoys.
Ruth Lake rests in a serene valley surrounded by forested hills.
Ruthenium compounds are used to color ceramics and glass.
Ruthenium tetroxide has an acrid odor.
Ruthenium tetroxide is a potential staining agent.
A ruthenium is metal
Ruthenium belongs in the platinum group of metals.
Ruthenium is a hard, silvery-white metal with a shiny surface.
Ruthenium is a hard, white metal and has four crystal modifications.
Ruthenium is a hard, white metal.
Ruthenium is a member of the platinum group.
Ruthenium is a precious metal similar to platinum.
Ruthenium is after the Latin word for Russia while Osmium is from the Greek word for odor, osme .
Ruthenium is also available in soluble forms including chlorides, nitrates and acetates .
Ruthenium is extremely resistant to acids.
Ruthenium is immune to concentrated acids, but can be dissolved by household bleach.
Ruthenium is insoluble in aqua regia, but addition of potasisum chlorate causes explosive oxidation.
Ruthenium is much cheaper and has already been used for some applications.
Ruthenium is useful in hardening platinum and palladium as an alloy.
Rutheniums are chemical elements.
Rutheniums are metallic elements.
Rutheniums are transition metal.
Rutherford County has a nice website that lists what's available.
Rutherford County has a serious problem with overpopulation of dogs and cats.
Rutherford County has more animals test positive for rabies than the rest of Tennessee.
Rutherford County has two.
Rutherford County is a wonderful place to live, work and play.
Rutherford County is about as rural as rural gets in North Carolina.
Rutherford County is one of the fastest growing areas in the nation.
Rutherford County is the second-fastest growing county in the state.
Rutherford County lays nestled between the rolling piedmont and the massive mountains.
A rutherford is an emu
Rutherford begins a purge of all dissenters.
Rutherford chooses the latter.
Rutherford concludes the nitrogen atoms are disintegrated in the process.
Rutherford is a leading manufacturer of electronic security devices.
Rutherford is a man on a mission.
Rutherford is a very selfish black man without any morals or shame.
Rutherford is a Virginia-based group specializing in civil liberties cases.
Rutherford is actually two buildings joined by a sky-lighted galleria.
Rutherford is actually two libraries, joined by a sky-lighted galleria.
Rutherford is an ancient Scottish family and family name.
Rutherford is bergen county's best kept secret.
Rutherford is beyond all praise of men.
Rutherford is big on ideas.
Rutherford is typical here.
Rutherford is white.
Rutherford lives out of state.
Rutherford offers a variety of microclimates and soil types.
Rutherford proposes a model of the atomic nucleus.
Rutherford seconds the nomination.
Rutherfords are some of the most heat and full-sun tolerant azaleas.
Rutherfords specializes in home grown fresh fruit and vegetables.
Rutherfordium has no biological role.
Rutherfordium is a highly radioactive chemical element.
Rutherfordium is a synthetic radioactive metal created by nuclear bombardment.
Rutherfordium is of research interest only.
Rutherfordium is produced artificially and only small amounts have been made.
Rutherfordium is the first transactinide element .
Ruthless ambition is in.
Ruthless people make dull victims.
Ruthless profit comes before animals and their welfare, and before customers .
Ruthless revenge destroys the inner capacity of the victim.
Ruthless rustlers have another idea.
Rutilated quartz helps to add enhanced creating energy to our dreams.
Rutilated quartz is available in tumbled stones.
Rutilated quartz is known to intensify the power of the quartz crystal.
A rutile is a mineral
Rutile can be long needle like crystals almost resembling straw inside the stone.
Rutile is by far the most common.
Rutiles are minerals.
Rutiles are random and sparse and can be found where they're found.
Rutland isa thing.
RuvC protein nicks DNA at the point of strand exchange.
Ruzzy mail comes complete with anti-spam facilities.
Ruzzy mail comes complete with anti-spam facilitys.
Many RVCC students are adults who have never attended college or attended many years ago.
Many RVCC students are adults who never have attended college.
Rverse proxy is basically for web mail access for remote users into the organisation.
RVGS students continue to exemplify the best of the best in science research competitions.
Rwanda is part of Africa.
Rwanda isa thing.
Rwandan farmers like to be close to their land.
Rwandan law divides genocide suspects into four categories.
Rwandan president appoints new prime minister.
Rwandan president says the fundamental problem in the Great Lakes region is security.
Rwandan refugees set up camps outside Goma.
Rwandan society is in a state of extreme flux.
RWMA tapers are interchangeable with AWS tapers.
Rx lights are off.
Rx schedule is complex or prolonged, or requires major change in activities.
Most Rx sunglasses are second-pair sales to a spectacle or contact lens wearer.
A rya rug is a rug
Rya rugs have an individual style of coloring.
Rye Beach is great for sunbathing.
Rye beer is brewed in equipment with rotating knives to accomodate the huskless rye grain.
Rye bread crumbs over the top adds a dash of authenticity.
Rye bread has long tradition in Finland.
Rye bread has potential to provide real culinary experiences.
Rye bread is an appropriate side dish.
Rye bread is bread
Rye bread is bread.
Rye bread is great when grilled.
Rye bread is most popular in Europe, where it is the predominant bread consumed.
Rye bread is said to be very nutritious.
Rye bread is second only to white bread in popularity.
Rye bread is the common bread of the working class in many countries.
Rye bread keeps a man on the road.
Rye flour contains only jliadin and thus retains less gas.
Rye flour does contain a relatively large number of pentosans that contribute to dough viscosity.
Rye flour gives it a unique flavor and texture.
Rye flour has a tendancy to be slightly sticky and damper than unbleached white.
Rye flour imparts an interesting, slightly sour flavor to breads.
Rye flour is a finely ground flour prepared from the rye grain.
Rye flour is often mixed with wheat flour to make rye breads.
Rye flour is the finely ground flour obtained by sifting rye meal.
Rye grass flourishes in Georgia's relatively mild winter.
Rye grass gets a better start during warm weather.
Rye grass is by far the best choice.
Rye grass is grass
Rye grass is grass.
Rye grass tends to grow in alkali soil.
Rye grasses are available in both annual and perennial varieties.
Rye grasses germinate in six days.
Rye whiskey is sweet.
Rye whiskey is whisky
Rye whiskies tend to be spicier and more assertive than their bourbon counterparts.
Rye whisky is whisky
Rye can be overseed by air more consistently than many other cover crops.
Rye can be whole, flour, grits, or meal.
Rye can be whole, or flour, grits, or meal.
Rye contains little gluten, so produces breads with low volume and a dense texture.
Rye contains substantial amounts of soluble fibre.
Rye expects to be in the black a year after the launch of the first satellite.
Rye explodes with opinions.
Rye falls down on other scores.
Rye fishes a little more, both in and out of water, and has a little success in both endeavors.
Rye grows best on poor, infertile, sandy soils than other cereals.
Rye grows in cold, infertile soils.
Rye grows quickly and helps to establish a seed bed for the other two varieties.
Rye has finer roots and it's residue lasts longer into the season.
Rye ia the principal agricultural product.
Rye is a common rotational crop that is known to suppress weed growth through rapid competition.
Rye is a good choice for late winter planting.
Rye is a good source of amino acids, carbohydrates and protein.
Rye is a huge success at growing in poor soils under frigid conditions.
Rye is a long-day plant.
Rye is a now a crop .
Rye is a now a crop.
Rye is a relentless killing machine, pure and simple.
Rye is a strongly flavored grain, and too much rye in the batch can result in unsold beer.
Rye is aged in charred oak barrels for at least a year.
Rye is aggressive as a cover crop.
Rye is also very susceptible to ergot.
Rye is also very tolerant of low winter temperatures.
Rye is another grain used for baking as bread.
Rye is cereal grain.
Rye is cereal grass
Rye is cereals.
Rye is commercially available as malt, roasted malt, and in rolled, flaked, and whole grain form.
Rye is cross pollinated and sterility is frequent.
Rye is grain.
Rye is harvested by direct combining before seed shattering occurs.
Rye is more cold tolerant than oats and generally produces more forage than either oats or wheat.
Rye is more cold tolerant than wheat.
Rye is more plentiful because conditions are too harsh for growing wheat .
Rye is more plentiful because conditions are too harsh for growing wheat.
Rye is now a crop .
Rye is now a crop.
Rye is on the South coast of England, approx.
Rye is part of rye.
Rye is planted primarily for grazing but occasionally is harvested for grain.
Rye is plants.
Rye is probably somewhat effective.
Rye is recommended for cold, wet, clay soils.
Rye is resistant and oats are immune to the insect.
Rye is second only to wheat for flour production.
Rye is still one of the most important flour sources in Northern Europe and in Scandinavia.
Rye is supposed to have originated in the Orient.
Rye is the classic nurse crop with vetch, but can be too vigorous for New York vegetable production.
Rye is the earliest with the shortest window.
Rye is the main winter grain in the north, where winters are more severe and the soils less fertile.
Rye is the most aggressive and winter hardy followed by wheat, barley and oats.
Rye is the most popular bread corn in Finland.
Rye is the most susceptible, followed by triticale, durum wheat, bread wheat, barley and oats.
Rye is the most winter hardy of all the cereals.
Rye is used as a winter cover crop.
Rye is used chiefly as flour for bread and as livestock feed.
Rye is used chiefly as flour for bread, as livestock feed, and as a pasture plant.
Rye is used for baking and flavouring as well as for livestock feed.
Rye is usually ground and fed in mixtures of other small grains.
Rye is whiskey.
Rye lends the spice.
Rye needs to be killed before it puts on explosive growth just before it heads out.
Rye offers a window to one of the fastest-paced cities in the world.
Rye offers quieter, more peaceful surroundings and is a great place for rest and relaxation.
Rye provides the most biomass to turn under in early spring.
Rye realizes the importance of junior outreach programs.
Rye run .
Rye seems to be the new kid on the block compared to other cereal grains.
Rye sounds good.
Rye tends to start producing stems earlier in the spring than other cereals.
Rye uses only the highest quality plantation oil selected from one source.
A ryegrass is grass
Ryegrass continues to be a major problem in wheat.
Ryegrass grows well during the mild winters in Florida.
Ryegrass is less tolerant than other grass species.
Ryegrass is much more suitable for such conditions.
Ryegrass is popular because it grows quickly and is uniform and quite beautiful.
Ryegrass is probably easiest to find.
Ryegrass is susceptible to crown rust.
Ryegrass is very responsive to nitrogen and water availability.
Ryegrass mowing qualities, heat and cold resistance are also very good.
Ryegrass produces high quality forage equal to that of small grains.
Ryegrass responds well to fertilizer, especially nitrogen.
Ryegrasses are grass.
Ryegrasses produce so many seeds that, if left unchecked, they can completely choke a field.
Ryegrasses require good moisture conditions for yield and regrowth.
Ryegrasses require minimum soil preparation and can often be broadcast-seeded into a thin turf.
Ryegrasses tend to be finer stemmed than most other forage grasses and so can be highly palatable.
Ryegrasses tend to clump rather than form runners, as many other grasses do.
Ryegrasses thrive best under a frequent defoliation system, that is, grazing.
S c is the compressive strength.
S cores are available for research purposes only.
S corps are completely unsuitable for a public offering.
S corporation recognizes a gain on distribution of appreciated property.
S corporations are closely-held firms that are exempt from corporate income tax.
S corporations are subject to an annual surcharge.
S corporations are subject to the same name rules that a regular corporation is subject to.
S corporations become more attractive .
S corporations can have only one class of stock.
S corporations have many benefits.
S corporations have other benefits for entrepreneurs, especially in how they are taxed.
S corporations have several disadvantages.
S corporations have some advantages, especially during startup years.
S corporations have stringent qualification rules.
S corporations impose restrictions on ownership.
S corporations shift taxation to the shareholder level.
S E Conduct a workshop for coworkers concerning how to find outreach opportunities.
S E Create an HTML file that duplicates the table located here .
S e saor a bh ann.
S E Write an article for a local newspaper.
S files are only to seperate the different initialization code.
S language is cumulative.
S o begin with easy changes.
S o browse our town site.
S o come enjoy our Montana style hospitality.
S o come on in and look around, and please, stop in again sometime.
S o come on in and take a look around.
S o come on in and take a look.
S o come, stay awhile and enjoy everything our town has to offer.
S o esses processos, entre outras coisas, que tomam os seres humanos diferentes dos animais.
S o explore our site.
S o feel free to break the rules.
S o get into the spirit and into the groove.
S o get one or all of their fantastic instructional video tapes.
S o give it some thought, take more than a day.
S o go ahead.
S o goes assimilation.
S o grab a paddle and enjoy the trip.
S o have fun and surf around our world wide web site.
S o is non-zero for elements, because elements have heat capacities.
S o is the neglect of children's true needs.
S o let s start talking about it.
S o let's be about that work by having the best convention ever.
S o let's talk about passion.
S o pacotes para todos os lugares do mundo.
S o sit back and enjoy.
S o take a deep breath.
S o take a look inside our web pages.
S o take a moment to submit the form below and please be sure to complete all blanks.
S pines are the most common form of weapon for protection or attack.
S rya is carved standing under snake hood.
S types are common in the inner asteroid belts while C types are common in the outer belts.
S V DO Babies drink milk.
S waves are body waves that travel slower than P or primary waves.
S waves are rotational and uncompressive.
S waves are shear waves and propagate only through solids.
S waves are slower than P waves.
S waves are the second to arrive.
S waves are transverse.
S waves can only propagate through solids.
S waves can travel only in solids.
S waves go through solid only.
S waves oscillate the ground perpendicular to the direction of wave travel.
S waves require a semi-rigid medium.
S waves travel more slowly than P waves.
S waves travel more slowly, so they get to the seismograph somewhat later.
S wing is mainly a spot dance.
S activates the interactive shim controls.
S ail out into the Pacific Ocean and watch for dolphins playing in our wake.
S aint H elena.
S am Szafran lives and work in Paris.
S ample all clinicals to determine which bacteria are present and determine if there is a pattern.
S ample our home made chocolate chip cookies and delicious hot mulled cider.
S ample the imaginative and carefully prepared dishes in our fine dining restaurant.
S andwiches All sandwiches are served with fresh-cut fries.
S are exempt from the special authority process.
S are necessary.
S are second.
S asks if they can do it at home.
S aute the onion in a little olive oil until it is soft and transparent.
S ave a Book Help save our brittle books.
S ave it to disk, OK .
S ave money and make money.
S ave money from print media.
S ave more paper.
S ave some money.
S ave the changes.
S ave the margarine and butter wrappers.
S ave the wetlands so they stop floods, and so they can be home to wildlife.
S ave the wetlands.
S aves money on hauling and collection.
S aving sea turtles is a preservation effort for the future.
S avour the spectacular night sky and just relax in the vast unspoiled beauty.
S be a set with n elements.
S be the annual total sales.
S be the set of nonzero elements of Z p which are squares.
S be two maps.
S claims it's a real knife.
S compare symptoms of several waterborne diseases.
S contains information about memory map as a comment.
S cratching humans and furniture is a no-no.
S crates .
S croll down the page for service guidelines .
S curit et hygi ne dans la construction.
S curit et protection.
S curit et sant dans la construction.
S curit et sant dans l'agriculture.
S curry on over to our Subjects list .
S denotes the corresponding solar luminosity in solar units.
S denotes the second argument to pass to the error handler.
S denotes the starting state and G denotes the goal state.
S det er masse fange opp.
S earching for a coveted item is often at least as interesting as being in possession of it.
S earching for a person is fast, easy and often rewarding.
S earching for the right computer can be a hassle.
S earching the Internet is a process.
S elect first label feature for reuse of label sheets.
S elect most effective presentation form based on audience and purpose.
S electing colleges to apply to can be a challenging task.
S electing higher yielding plant varieties is no easy task.
S end a free electronic greeting card to a friend.
S end no curriculum vitaes with applicant knowledge.
S end the completed form to our office per the instructions on the bottom of the form.
S end the cover letter and resume to the employer.
S end the right message to employers.
S ending mail to a list is the same as sending mail to another user.
S erve at once.
S erve hot or cold.
S erve immediately out of the oven.
S erve immediately with syrup or fruit.
S erve immediately with warm croissants or muffins.
S erve nutritious meals which are appealing to students and are of high quality and good value.
S erve others through stewardship.
S erve right from the oven with butter, jams, or other sweet spreads.
S erve sacrificially.
S erve through education, health care, pastoral care, social service, and spiritual accompaniment.
S erve with a salad of mixed baby greens tossed in vinaigrette.
S erve with celeriac-laced mashed potatoes and sugar snap peas sauteed in butter with fresh thyme.
S erve with garlic-mashed potatoes and lots of bread.
S erve with roasted yams and sauteed green beans with toasted pecans.
S erve with the pan drippings and the leek and scallion mixture ladled over the meat.
S erves a party of eight.
S erves six.
S erving different foods on different plates, some patterned, some plain, dramatizes the food.
S etting up a job control budget is the first step in maintaining job cost control.
S etting up a web site is inexpensive and flexible.
S etting up multiple work stations is easy.
S etting up on the Internet takes time and planning.
S etting up the screen is a slow business and becomes quite a tedious event.
S express a greater amount of emotional rage.
S fold ehf.
S gandafj r ur.
S grabs it.
S haring e xperiences with others is essential.
S haring the gospel is nothing less than the sharing of our very selves.
S hifts in the circulation and the numbers of black publications are typical of the black press.
S hopping Swiss goods are world renowned for high quality and superb finish.
S ift the flours, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a bowl.
S igning up for the email newsletter is easy.
S igning up to be a part of a webring is simple.
S in is a fashionable subject.
S is companies.
S is letters.
S is located in meadows.
S is motorcycles.
S is part of alphabets.
S is unit of time
S isa quantity.
S ites even a fraction of that size can become a dizzying maze for visitors.
S ites that catalogue information on rare diseases.
S ites that publish dynamic content or have complex navigational schemes require true beta testing.
S ize Being small is one of our greatest assets.
S kandet efter en tredje m jlighet.
S kills Above all, our focus is on having fun.
S kipping a class for extra sleep can start out as harmless as can be.
S lands on it.
S ledes fungerer det ogs p internettet.
S lide the pork and cucumbers off the skewers and toss in a large bowl with the sauce.
S link the results of our work with ongoing nutrient characterizations within the watershed.
S lists all the possible outcomes of a random phenomenon.
S looks for a local variable, then for a global variable, then for a built-in object.
S lopeside ski storage room.
S louching at a desk for prolonged periods often results in lower back pain.
S lowly add powdered milk a little at a time.
S m the slurry relative density.
S marks the area, where the solution is stable.
S mean symmetrical transformations summarized in the following table.
S moking Smoking can have a negative impact on both male and female fertility.
S nowNet A great resource for information about snow skiing.
S oak up the atmosphere of a typical coaching inn.
S olitude supreme, Bringing Order and Peace.
S olutions Our model concludes with needs-based solutions.
S olutions our priority is customer satisfaction.
S olve the equation, given two of the three variables.
S omething important can draw extra attention with a small animation. . .
S omething unique about the bread industry is the guarantee.
S omething worth mentioning is the quality of the Spanish translation.
S ometimes children catch bad words.
S ometimes compassion and healing can come from small children with big hearts.
S ometimes it can go badly wrong.
S ometimes it is important to understand the rudiments of ownership when editing a story.
S ometimes it is the experience of being an outsider that provides the impetus to make art.
S ometimes it takes a long time to fold the chocolate mixture into the beaten egg whites.
S ometimes long bicycle tours can be very exhausting, but most of the time they are great fun.
S ometimes our gifts of living water are literally gifts of water.
S ometimes people who want to give thanks in prayer for some good news in their life.
S ometimes the plates only jump a tiny bit causing windows to rattle.
S ometimes the traffic and noise in Rome can be overwhelming.
S opens the presets menu.
S ounds more like an apparition than a mere lake.
S panning the Boise River is no simple task.
S parkling ocean beaches are only a few minutes away.
S peaking quietly, the nurse updates the rest of the health care team.
S PELL OUT course titles.
S pend a day being guided on some of the most beautiful rivers on the East Coast.
S pend a day on another island.
S pend a full day at the outlet malls in the metro area.
S pend a night, a weekend or a week when an escape from everyday life is desperately needed.
S pend a quiet evening fireside in the library, filled with over a hundred leather bound classics.
S pend a weekend exploring the heights of Oregon's Crater Lake National Park .
S pend less time and money seeking bugs and other design issues.
S pend the day sightseeing, shopping, visiting the mountains or conducting business.
S ponsors public performances, art appreciation, exhibits, field trips to museums.
S portfishing success is what keeps our guests coming back year after year.
S pread each half with melted butter, honey, raisins, walnuts and douse with cinnamon.
S -Press the underlined letter of each menu options for quick and accurate menu selection.
S pring happens making flowers bloom.
S pring hydrant flushing is also underway.
S pring term is here, and with it several new events.
S proposes averaging.
S proposes looking at averages.
S proposes to place s sign on a corner one block away.
S queeze the handle to discharge the extinguisher.
S queeze the lever above the handle.
S queeze the operating handle that discharges the extinguisher contents.
S queeze the trigger while holding the extinguisher upright.
S re goes through a minimum as clustering level or threshold increases.
S represents entropy.
S represents mothers effects.
S represents wave.
S resist the label and attempts to define themselves within it.
S ribo also manufactures parquet flooring and wood paneling.
S runs on a wide range of computers, from powerful personal computers to large mainframes.
S save game to disk.
S Save Save the message to another folder.
S seem to be acting under self-imposed instructions.
S sends back a printed brochure, on the back of which is a price list that includes pencils.
S stands for salvation.
S stands for schedule.
S stands for secondary or shear.
S stands for server-parsed.
S stands for service.
S stands for severe leg pain in the calf or thigh.
S stands for south.
S stands for stop and take a deep breath.
S stands for substitute.
S stands for summation.
S stands for supplication which is a big word meaning, praying for others.
S stands for the name in the metalanguage of a sentence of the object language.
S stands for the severity of the pain.
S starts with school, stop, squirrel, snow, snail, soon, sun, and sure.
S Strike out of range.
S takes possession of the necklace.
S tanding in the ocean, or a river is cold.
S tanding on the actual ground where Canadian soldiers lost their lives puts history in perspective.
S tands firmly upright on the store shelf.
S tars is a national organization with dance studios across the Western United States.
S tars is like, about the astronomy.
S tarting a home-based business can be a real fun event.
S tate public assistance agencies run the program through their local offices.
S tate the advantages and disadvantages of unobtrusive measures.
S tate the claim.
S tate the problem.
S taying healthy is also an important part of our mission.
S taying in a monastery can be a low-cost, unique way to experience Italy.
S taying in Cairns is surprisingly inexpensive with many hostels lined along the beach.
S temway is proud to be a sponsor and promoter of Women in Music.
S tick around.
S timulating the venous system is both safe and efficient.
S tocks .
S tocks vs.
S too is informational, involving the configurations of microscopic particles.
S topping the other players from finishing a straight line is an important part of the game.
S tored vehicles are in a locked garage.
S toring data is one of the most crucial aspects of being technologically inclined.
S tresses a sense of pride in the community.
S tudy each picture and learn the names of each stage.
S tudying a foreign language is one of life's most challenging and rewarding experiences.
S tuff the body lightly with fiberfil.
S turn up hill and intersect with the main service road that runs directly in front of the lodge.
S ubmerge the top of the bag, ensure it is wide open, the gently tip the fish out.
S uffer from make-up allergies.
S uites each include a king size bed, sitting area, and working fireplace.
S upport all employees in their efforts to balance work and family responsibilities.
S upport higher living standards for American families.
S upport the ministry through tithing.
S upporting a policy claim can be very difficult.
S upports conservative and pro-family policies at every level of government.
S urrounded by five terraces, the house has an european ambiance.
S varies directly as r. Solve for the constant of variation.
S warrants that the car is in good running order.
S weep the agent stream from side to side across the base of the fire until it is completely out.
S weep the extinguisher from side to side at the base of the fire.
S weep the nozzle back and forth at the base of the fire.
S weep the nozzle from side to side at the base of the fire until the flames appear to be out.
S weep the nozzle from side to side covering the entire area of the fire.
S weep the spray nozzle back and forth spraying at the base of the fire.
S ynthesize ideas and information from various sources.
Many SEs ignore submissions, which they recognize as made automatically by software.
Most s appear last first.
Some s are available using ready-made reeds.
Some s is part of hours.
Some s is part of mins.
Some s is part of minutes.
S. medullas spinalis iiitermedius an- terior.
S. programs is at the Bloomington campus.
S. programs is competitive.
S. sulphate is the s. salt usually employed in medicine.
S. track is to develop exemplary practitioners for work in schools, clinics, or private settings.
S.O.P. classification is inappropriate for all excise tax cases.
S.O.S grants are available to New York State artists living in most counties.
S.T.E.P. activities are an oasis from the office politics so prevalent in our everyday jobs.
S.T.O.P. orders are welcome.
Saab automobiles combine high performance with outstanding safety and distinctive design.
Saab automobiles have a long list of standard features that few competitors can match.
Saab cars are fun to drive, they're safe and the product quality is good.
Saab fans use it in virtually every conversation to mean unusual, fun, exotic.
Saab owners are a unique breed of auto enthusiasts.
Saab parts do tend to be expensive.
Saavy shopping is crucial over the web.
Saavy thieves can tap into ordinary servers and actual read data flowing.
SABA houses are easy to use and easy to clean.
SABA members represent a broad spectrum of people interested in birds.
SABA members visit school campuses to lead field trips and discuss birds with students.
Saba solutions help by maximizing enterprise-wide performance, competencies, and employee retention.
Saba solutions help professional services companies rapidly train their people about new services.
Saba solutions help telecommunication companies address the rapidly changing demands of customers.
Sabal palms provide more than just homes, however.
A sabaton is a shell
Sabatons are splendid, medieval shoes are acceptable.
A sabayon is dessert
Sabayon is a foamy mixture.
Sabayon is made of wine, sugar, and egg yolks.
A sabbat is an assembly
Sabbats are holidays or seasons that nature revolves around.
Sabbats There are usually eight major holy days, or holidays, in the Pagan calendar.
Sabbatical appointments are available during the academic year.
Sabbatical deadline nears.
Sabbatical fellows undertake a variety of research projects.
Sabbatical leaves are an important means of promoting faculty development.
Sabbatical leaves are for one semester at full pay or two semesters at half pay.
Sabbatical leaves are never automatic for a faculty or staff member.
Sabbatical leaves are such periods.
A sabbatical leave is a leave
Sabbatical leave is a privilege and a benefit for a faculty member.
Sabbatical leave is a time of learning for both the staff member on leave AND the congregation.
Sabbatical leave is counted toward retirement.
Sabbatical leave is to be used for professional development.
Sabbatical leaves provide full salary for one semester or half salary for two semesters.
Sabbatical packages ought to include tuition reimbursement too.
Sabbatical pay is equivalent to academic salary only.
Sabbatical students celebrate liturgy together biweekly.
Sabbatical support is negotiable.
Sabbatical visitors are typically on one-year research leave from their home universities.
Sabbatical visitors are welcome in all fields.
A sabbatical year is a sabbatical leave
Sabbatical year leave.
A sabbatical is a leave
Sabbaticals also enhance faculty morale and promote retention of experienced faculty.
Sabbaticals are an aspect of the post-secondary teaching process.
Sabbaticals are basically a form of faculty development.
Sabbaticals are leaves.
Sabbaticals are likely to become more common as companies see their benefits.
Sabbaticals are limited to tenured members of the faculty.
Sabbaticals are of two types with different eligibiliy requirements and levels of compensation.
Sabbaticals are quite common in the university community.
Sabbaticals are the institution's investment in the future.
Sabbaticals are the university's investment in the future.
Sabbaticals are typically one semester or one year.
Sabbaticals can be instrumental in helping ministering persons grow personally.
Sabbaticals do cost an institution financially.
Sabbaticals enhance research and analytical skills and facilitate mobility.
Sabbaticals have a way of renewing perspectives and revitalizing ministries.
Sabbaticals improve employee skills, productivity, morale, and loyalty.
Sabbaticals includes all costs of salaries and benefits related to providing teacher sabbaticals.
Sabbaticals range from three months to a year.
Sabbaticals range from three months to one year.
Sabbaticals remain rare in both the nonprofit and foundation worlds.
Some sabbaticals are also available to faculty as well is funding for on-campus research.
Some sabbaticals are opportunities just too good to pass up.
A saber is a sword
Saber gives blood only when the hospital needs it.
Saber picks up a wing segment lying around and leaps forward with it.
Saber saws Use metal or plastic cutting blades.
Sabers are there.
Sabers take the series in five.
Sabers use between one and three jewels to give their beam a specific frequency.
A sabertooth is a cat
Sabertooth is just a big, hairy bum here.
Sabertooth is the brown and cream grizzled one.
Sabian philosophy teaches otherwise.
Sabian philosophy teaches that devotion is the sacrifice of lesser interests to greater ideals.
Sabian philosophy teaches that every human being has vast potential.
Sabine lives in the state of Bavaria in Germany.
Sabino canyon is a beautiful preserve of rolling hills covered with brush, trees and saguaro.
Many Sabino visitors get too caught up in the geology to notice the area's winged wonders.
A sable antelope is an antelope
Sable antelope are most active during the early morning and late afternoon.
Sable antelopes are gregarious, nomadic animals.
Some sable antelopes occupy positions.
A sable brush is a brush
Sable brushes are best, but they are very expensive.
All sable brushes have excellent water-retention qualities and spring well when wet.
Sable bulls are known to fight and kill kudu bulls.
Sable cows conceive at two years, while males finally mature at five years.
Sable filaments have excellent bellies, which result in well shaped round brushes.
Sable finish is also available.
Sable merle is a sable dog with the dilute merle gene applied over it.
Sable merles are taboo, as is the merle to merle breeding.
Sable soils are on level or nearly level summits of loess-covered moraines and stream terraces.
Sable soils are on slightly higher positions on the landscape.
Sable soils contain less sand and have thicker sola.
A sable is a brush
Sable isa implement.
Sables are brushs.
Sables are fur.
Sables are mammals.
Sables are martens.
Sables are rare almost everywhere.
Sables are scarfs.
Sables are wrestlers.
Sables come in varied handle lengths and a large variety of sizes.
Sables have (part) bristles.
Sables have (part) handles.
Sables have (part) sections.
Sables range from eastern Russia across Siberia and Mongolia to Hokkaido, in northern Japan.
A sabot is a shoe
Sabot is a wonderful example of the breed.
Sabots are color coded as per caliber.
Sabotage can also work on a physical level.
Sabotage can take many forms.
Sabotage carries a heavier sentence.
Sabotage distracts people from the real issues.
Sabotage includes explosive devices, shoot downs and hijackings.
Sabotage is a cry for voice.
Sabotage is a quickie arcade game that is a great way to have a fast fix during a break.
Sabotage is a reality.
Sabotage is a security hazard during all levels of conflict.
Sabotage is a simple, addictive arcade game.
Sabotage is an old and very effective form of workers' independent action.
Sabotage is an option to consider.
Sabotage is destruction
Sabotage is destruction.
Sabotage is intuitive and easy to use.
Sabotage is part of the solution.
Sabotage is suspected in that incident.
Sabotage is suspected, but no evidence is found.
Sabotage is the damaging or impeding of the academic work of another student.
Sabotage is the least of their sins.
Sabotage makes workplace productivity and morale nosedive.
Sabotage plays a very important part in a number of folk songs about shipwrecks.
Sabotage presents a business dilemma in a light and readable style.
A saboteur is a bad person
Saboteurs are an excellent weapon, but they're even better when helped by a death hand.
Saboteurs are destroyers.
Saboteurs can now demolish enemy buildings in multiplayer.
Saboteurs go after top secret formula.
Saboteurs often look for host names that indicate the type of workstation they wish to infiltrate.
A sabra is an inhabitant
Sabras are tough.
Sabras grow on cactuses.
Sabre clients are predominantly long standing and institutional.
Sabre events are limited to men.
A sabre is a sword
Sabres are sports equipment.
Sabres are swords.
Sabres are weapons.
Sabres do it again in third to even series vs.
Sabres find offense, new life vs.
Sabres have the best power play percentage in the playoffs.
Sabres win in six games.
Sabrina people do know about the mailing list, at least in passing.
Sac County is located in west central Iowa.
Most sac fungi are made of many cells.
Most sac fungi obtain nutrients by breaking down materials in wood and bone.
Sac spiders are fast and aggressive, free ranging and nocturnal and commonly occur on vegetation.
Sac spiders are free-dwelling, aggressive hunters.
A sac is a cover
SAC acts only in an advisory capacity to the chancellor and other university administrators.
SaC aims to be read at leisure, and to be a pleasure.
SAC enrolls more SAEP students than any other partnership institution.
Sac isa cavity.
SAC likewise has firm relations with the other central management agencies.
SAC looks forward to broad participation in new initiatives.
SAC presents on-campus social activities to enrich student life.
Sacs are cavities.
Sacs are containers.
Sacs are white at first, later turning pale brown.
SACS can be an important first step in preparing a thesis for an essay.
SACS can hit anyone for responses.
SACs represent the most important sites for wildlife in the country.
SACs teach individual and group study skills improvement courses.
All sacs have a soft cotton lining and full side zip.
Most SACs require proposers of applicants to be close family members resident in Australia.
Some sacs contain amniotic fluid.
Some sacs contain clear fluid.
Some sacs contain fluid.
Some sacs contain food.
Some sacs provide nourishment.
Saccade amplitude influences pointing movement kinematics.
Saccade automation has a great functional importance.
Saccade automation is conditioned by the activity of brain structures with pacemaker function.
Saccade preparation disrupts short-term implicit memory.
A saccade is eye movement
Saccades are eye jumping movements when looking from one object to another.
Saccades are eye movement.
Saccades are the fastest movements humans can make.
Saccades bring the image of the object of interest from the periphery to the fovea.
Saccades produce errors in locating objects in space.
Saccades require focal attention and are facilitated by a short-term memory system.
Saccadic duration is programmed by population responses in the posterior Vermis.
Saccadic dysfunction occurs in a large variety of muscular, neuromuscular and neurologic disorders.
Saccadic movements are high speed ballistic motions that center a target in the field of view.
Saccadic movements are high-speed ballistic motions that center a target in the field of view.
Saccate pollen is a primitive character for conifers.
A saccharide is a molecule
A saccharide is an organic compound
Saccharides are water-soluble and have structural diversity owing to their numerous hydroxyl groups.
A saccharin is sweetener
Saccharin accounts for about one-third of the artificial sweetener sold in the United States.
Saccharin leaves a rather metallic aftertaste with many users.
Saccular arbors tend to be smaller than in the lagena.
Sacculina larvae are just the same.
Sacculus saltans .
A sachet is a bag
Sachets are bags.
Sachets are located in drawers.
Sachets are usually pre-formed and sealed on one end.
Sachets come in a set of three - giraffe, zebra and cheetah or snow leopard print.
Sachets made of human hair also are effective.
Sachs clients can register online for access.
Sachs practice emphasizes patent prosecution for software technologies.
Sack lunches are always available for field trips.
Sack lunches are available for an additional fee.
Sack lunches are available from the cafeteria.
Sack lunches are available upon request and there is nightly entertainment.
Sack lunches are okay.
Sack lunches are to be provided on all ride days at designated stops.
Sack lunches are welcome.
Sack lunches can be custom-prepared for a day on the lake.
Sack lunches can be healthy and fun.
Every sack lunch is filled with a meat and cheese sandwich, fruit, dessert, and a Bible verse.
A sack is a bag
Sack believe Fish around many cart behind little shoppers.
Sack lunches in the field include sandwiches, fruit, and cut fresh vegetables.
Sack lunches OK for noon shifts.
Sack lunches welcome.
Sacks advocates public education and industry initiatives to reduce salt in packaged foods.
Sacks also provides references to other historical observations of similar cases.
Sacks are bags.
Sacks are casings.
Sacks are inexpensive and can be bought in most every color or design.
Sacks are jackets.
Sacks are located in offices.
Sacks are plundering.
Sacks are storage devices.
Sacks are way too plentiful.
Sacks are white wine.
Sacks attributes the rise in sales to the functional drinks.
Sacks come and go.
Sacks come in bunches.
Sacks is a master at creating compassionate drama from the uncanny dysfunctions of the brain.
Sacks is by anyone's standards a very bright man indeed.
Sacks now sees what people are attracted to.
Sacks places America's testing obsession within a historical and political context.
Sacks sees our ability to adapt as the cornerstone of creativity.
Sacks Stay organized and light weight.
Sacks suggests that rote learning and standardized testing be de-emphasized.
Sacks thinks the report was bogus.
Sacks writes passionately about the issues of health, disease, care and the human condition.
Every sack is counted by machinery as it is printed.
Most sacks are off the four-man rush.
Most sacks are way too heavy for their intended function.
Some sacks burst on impact, spilling grain that is scooped up by the quick.
A sackcloth is cloth
Sackcloth is a coarse cloth made from goat hair.
Sacking are fabric.
Sacnned data is saved in memory and can be uploaded to a PC at any time.
SACP staff can aid in identifying, training, ad educating advisers.
SACP staff offers programs and services for fraternity and sorority members and advisers.
Sacral agenesis is a condition that exists when either part or all of the sacrum is absent.
Sacral agenesis is an inherited condition causing severe developmental abnormality in the spine.
Sacral buildings are wide spread and of enormous significance.
Sacral canal is an opening continuous with the vertebral canal.
Sacral dimples refer to the divots found on the lower backs of some infants.
Sacral dysgenesis is a specific anomaly related to diabetes.
Sacral fixation is a significant problem even in the young healthy patient.
A sacral nerve is a nerve
Sacral nerves control the bladder, bowel and pelvic organs.
Sacral sensation includes as well as deep anal sensation.
Sacral zoster can cause urinary retention or hesitancy, constipation or diarrhea.
Every sacrament meeting ought to be a spiritual feast.
Sacrament is a religious ritual
Sacrament is part of tradition.
Sacrament is religious ceremony.
Sacraments act ex opere operato by the very fact of the action being performed.
Sacraments also bring about grace.
Sacraments are also visible seals.
Sacraments are available in the wards by arrangement with the chaplains.
Sacraments are celebrations of Christian tradition , of Christian life and of Christian hope .
Sacraments are infant baptism and communion.
Sacraments are intense moments in that sanctification.
Sacraments are like that, too.
Sacraments are moments of grace.
Sacraments are outward and visible signs of inward and spiritual grace.
Sacraments are parish celebrations.
Sacraments are rituals that are highly symbolic.
Sacraments are sacred signs which make present the realities they signify.
Sacraments are steps on the way to our salvation.
Sacraments are the prayer of the entire community.
Sacraments are to be celebrated within and among the believing community.
Sacraments are visible signs.
Sacraments are, by definition, sacred signs.
Sacraments celebrate life experiences.
Sacraments celebrate the community's life now.
Sacraments give the grace they signify.
Sacraments have to have their proper matter.
All sacraments are a very necessary part of the Catholic religion.
Every sacrament uses trifles to produce miracles.
Some sacraments are of the old, others of the new testament.
Sacramental confession is offered.
All sacramental experiences involve the family in the preparation process.
Sacramental marriage confers a perpetual and exclusive bond between the spouses.
Sacramental marriages go sour and fail.
Sacramental ministry is also available for our Protestant patients upon request.
Sacramental moments are like a fresh breeze.
Sacramental moments are like ripples in the water that spread into a life of sacramental living.
Sacramental preparation is an important element in the religious education program.
Sacramental preparation is an integral part of the program.
Sacramental preparation is held in conjunction with the CCD program.
Sacramental preparation is incorporated into the curriculum at the appropriate grade levels.
Sacramental preparation is made by arrangement with the Vicar.
Sacramental preparation is required for all first-time parents.
Sacramental religion is built upon the concept of infused grace, goodness, and righteousness.
Sacramental rites are ways of expressing what is beyond the power of words alone.
Every sacramental rite has outward signs.
Sacramental sharing is another area of concern.
Sacramental unity seeks to contain conflict within the boundaries of mutual charity.
Sacramental validity requires proper form, matter, intent, and minister.
Sacramento summers are hellishly hot.
Sacred altars are a common sight, and are located in houses, villages, fields, and even in the bush.
Sacred art is a difficult genre.
Sacred art is in absolute dependence upon theological wisdom.
Sacred art reveals their deepest insights and their highest aspirations.
Sacred arts create a special place to thrash out the meaning of religion in a democracy.
Sacred ceremonies come from the land.
All sacred concerts are open to the public at no charge.
A sacred cow is an adult
Sacred cows amble sleepily through towns and villages, intermingling with the traffic.
Sacred cows are difficult to slaughter.
Sacred cows go up in flames while darkhorse underdogs save the day.
Sacred cows have no place in the first tier.
Sacred cows make good hamburger.
Sacred cows make the best burgars.
Sacred cows make the best burgers.
Sacred cows make the best burgrers.
Sacred cows make the best hamburger.
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers.
Sacred cows make the tastiest hamburger.
Some sacred cows take a hit or two.
Sacred creation avoids demons and other spirits.
Sacred dance has a very similar aim.
Sacred dance is our physical expression of faith.
Sacred dance tries to recover that essential connection.
Sacred flower attracts good spirits to wearer.
Sacred geometry describes the self-organizing forces that shape and form the world.
Sacred geometry is older than Pythagoras, and common to many esoteric and spiritual practices.
Sacred geometry is only one of many starting points.
Sacred geometry is prevalent in the arrangement of the signs.
Sacred geometry is the key that unlocks all of the world's art, science, and architecture.
Sacred geometry is the study of how the universe was constructed through number and form.
Sacred Gifts are catalysts for action.
Sacred groves exist in China, India, Africa and elsewhere.
Sacred groves represent a traditional form of nature worship.
Sacred history abounds with striking and evident examples.
Sacred history consists of different dispensations or 'economies'.
Most sacred horses are white.
Sacred icons tell of the spiritual beauty of the Kingdom of Heaven.
Sacred images are good for people with poor imaginations or good imaginations.
Sacred images can separate or unite.
Sacred images serve as proxies for the divine.
Sacred land is so important.
Sacred literature is first of all purely religious.
Sacred matters deserve sacred consideration.
Sacred music is a beautiful gift for the grieving.
Sacred music is a necessary and integral part of the solemn liturgy.
Sacred music is an integral part of the liturgy.
Sacred music is fine art wedded closely to the spiritual theme.
Sacred music is more than a solemn melody that accompanies a religious event.
Sacred music is one of the longest standing traditions of the church.
Sacred occasions require special considerations.
Sacred phosphorus burns to protect the earth blood.
Sacred places are important to a community.
Sacred places is a collective heading for an immense subject.
Sacred places make the present life and the subsequent lives happy.
Sacred power means reality and at the same time enduringness and efficacity. . . .
Sacred power means reality and at the same time enduringness and efficacity.
Sacred power means reality and at the same time enduringness and efficacy. . . .
Sacred reading is a threshold to prayer.
Sacred scripture is a sacred writing
Sacred scripture lies at the very heart of religion.
All sacred scriptures point to a moment of contact that transforms a life.
Sacred serpents glide through one scene.
Sacred Sex is possible for everyone.
Sacred sexuality andsexualhealing require the whole spirit and being present.
Sacred sexuality is about the re-enchantment of our lives.
Sacred sexuality is part of that.
Sacred silence is an integral part of many wisdom traditions.
Sacred sites abound around the world, built on or near energy vortexes and crystal portals.
Sacred sites are an integral part of Aboriginal culture.
Sacred sites are important.
Sacred sites are the settings of their custodians' most important knowledge and activities.
Sacred sites can provide the focal points and also often the name of clan estates.
Sacred sites prepare our body and spirit for the shift of the ages.
Sacred space abounds.
Sacred space can be that specific, that exact, that small and sheltered.
Sacred space is created through intent.
Sacred space is important.
Sacred space is less about structure than experience, of course.
Sacred space is open for entry and egress at all times.
Sacred space is without time.
Sacred spaces require the presence of a human-built temple or shrine.
Sacred spots are places where humans communicate with the divine.
Sacred stones inspire the rock placement.
Sacred synod is a kind of legislative branch of the patriarchy.
Sacred teens deserve the best.
Sacred text is a writing
Sacred texts inspire, inform or direct daily life for people.
Sacred theology is the science of providing faith with a measure of understanding.
Sacred things act as totems to which groups and individuals ascribe power and importance.
Sacred things are both physical and moral, positive and negative, helpful and dangerous.
Sacred things belong in sacred places.
Sacred time cements the bonds of family.
Sacred times are the windows of religions.
Sacred tobacco is always preferred but very difficult to find.
Sacred violence creates social solidarity and generates political meaning.
Sacred wood refers to the tiller on a sail boat.
Sacred woods are available as in the charm.
A sacred writing is a writing
Sacred Writings are all books and other media that follow the Moral Laws and promote Sacred Duties.
A sacredness is sanctity
Sacredness demands ritual.
Sacreligious acts are punishable by imprisonment.
A sacrifice is an act
Sacrifices are common, but in other plays offerings are frequently part of a complicated situation.
Sacrifices are concerned with the feelings of devotion and longing.
Sacrifices are conducive to material prosperity and spiritual growth.
Sacrifices are essential to be successful.
Sacrifices are extremely rare to nonexistent.
Sacrifices are films.
Sacrifices are inevitable.
Sacrifices are killing.
Sacrifices are loss.
Sacrifices are no substitute for obedience.
Sacrifices can include food, drink, tobacco, and human beings.
Sacrifices have at best a supporting role.
Sacrifices have their own rules.
Sacrifices have to be made because someone has to do the job.
Sacrifices have to be made for la causa, but it is for the best.
Sacrifices have to be made somewhere.
Sacrifices have to be made.
Sacrifices impact people for a lifetime.
Sacrifices make strong men.
Sacrifices make up authentic pilgrimages.
Sacrifices platform independence in order to achieve high-performance.
Sacrifices presupposes the idea of punishment for sin.
Sacrifices result in new relationships.
Sacrifices result in new responsibilities.
Sacrifices result in wonderful rewards.
Sacrifices take place in secluded areas or in priests' homes or other secret meeting places.
Sacrifices work the same too.
Any sacrifice has both an internal and external dimension.
Many sacrifices are necessary to abandon patriotic traditions, customs and beliefs.
Much sacrifice is involved in becoming a physician.
Some sacrifice is needed on the part of the nation.
Some sacrifices are necessary.
Some sacrifices have to be made.
Some sacrifices lead to death.
Sacrificed corpses are an easy way to accumulate prayer power.
Sacrificial anodes are available in several forms.
Sacrificial anodes are pieces of metal more electrically active than the bare steel tank.
Sacrificial coats are totally or partially removed with the graffiti.
Sacrificial coatings are removeable protection-films that acts as barriers to defacement materials.
Sacrificial decisions are part of our heavenly calling.
Sacrificial grass has to be placed at the south of the tree to be felled.
Sacrificial lamb is o.k.
Sacrificial love is the food of the soul.
Sacrificial love is the most powerful spiritual force in the world.
Sacrificial love leaves all pettiness and division behind and builds strong community.
Sacrificial service is more eloquent than many sermons.
Sacrificial violence represents a testimony to one's love and devotion to the nation-state.
Sacrificings are buying.
A sacrilege is a violation
Sacrilege being theft requires restitution and restoration before justice can be satisfied.
Sacrilege comes in many forms and effects many generations.
Sacrilege is a mistreatment of what is sacred, of persons or things consecrated to divine worship.
Sacrilege is double theft.
Sacrilege is the destruction of religious objects.
Sacrilege is, without doubt, the worst kind of thievery.
Sacrilegious acts are punishable by imprisonment even if commited by foreign visitors.
Sacrilegious acts are punishable by imprisonment even if committed by foreign visitors.
Any sacrilegious act is punishable by imprisonment.
A sacristan is a caretaker
A sacristan is a church officer
Sacristan Prepare the altar and surroundings for the Liturgy.
Sacrococcygeal tumors can also present as bowel and bladder dysfunction.
Sacroiliac joints are usually painful when palpated or stressed.
Sacroptic mange is highly contagious and very unpleasant, and if left untreated it can be fatal.
SActual mileage is reimbursable.
Sad bears taste bitter, are sneaky, and hard to catch.
Sad children grow in the darkness With the hunger and the cold.
Sad emotions tend to instigate physical events pervaded with sadness.
Sad events are inevitable.
Sad eyes become happy eyes and drooping tails become wagging tails.
Sad eyes contribute to a serious, rabbinical countenance.
Sad eyes shine with tears, and angry eyes look like a strange V-shaped figure.
Sad fact is many do give up.
Sad fact is, there's nothing like war or inter-tribal conflict to motivate human endeavour.
Sad feelings can happen pretty often, too.
Sad girl comes as a third heroin.
Sad girl gets magic dress, goes to dance, loses shoe, is found.
Sad hearts can become glad.
Sad hearts weep no more.
Sad music plays in the background.
Sad news comes in on the full tide.
Sad news needs to be relayed in familiar surroundings, preferably at home.
Sad notes rain down.
Sad part is they show complete disrespect, for the world outside during their four-year realm.
Sad part is when some people live only for the future.
Sad part is, it's extremely cool.
Sad part is, most of the time, it's true.
Sad people are much less affected by initial information.
Sad persons have a very thin skin.
SAD phases require solvent flattening or other density modification before they are useful.
Most SAD researchers are convinced that inadequate light creates a disturbance in brain chemistry.
Sad songs are here to stay.
Sad songs are more lasting, more beautiful.
Sad songs keep on playing on the radio. . . .
Sad songs say so much.
Sad songs seem to come a bit easier because it's easier to put across an emotion like that.
Sad songs work, but only if a guilt trip is present.
Sad stories can have the same effect.
Some sad stories have a happy ending.
Some sad stuff happens.
SAD sufferers appear to have something wrong with their internal body clock.
SAD sufferers can find relief in lamps that mimic natural daylight .
SAD sufferers feel better when they are warm.
Sad thing is . . .
Sad thing is that it probably worked.
Sad thing is they took it off the menu.
Sad thing is they're right.
Sad thing is, many fans had left by the half.
Sad thing is, the odds are probably in their favor.
Sad thing is, the players are getting used to that.
Sad thing is, there have been many such experiences.
Sad things are a part of life just like happy things are a part of life.
Sad things are just part of life.
Sad things happen at shelters.
Many sad things happens and that s good beacause that make the story moore real.
Sad thoughts pulse.
SAD victims are an estimated four times more likely than the general public to abuse alcohol.
Saddle choice is a very individual decision.
Saddle color is called russet and the pigskin seat is tan.
Saddle Creek is quite private allowing for a more peaceful atmosphere amongst family and friends.
Saddle feathers are feathers toward the tail end of the chicken.
Saddle Lake has a boat launching ramp.
Saddle makers apply leather dyes and other products to produce a gloss finish on a saddle.
Saddle plates are optional.
Saddle price is based on branch diameter.
Saddle River is one of the truly regal estate communities in northern New Jersey.
Saddle soap is also inherently alkaline but alkalinity is damaging to leather.
Saddle soap is soap
Saddle soap is used for cleaning, conditioning, and softening leather.
Saddle sore is animal diseases.
Saddle sore is gall
Saddle sore is gall.
Saddle sores are a common malady of the unprepared.
Saddle sores are a common problem after spending six and seven hours in the sweat and heat.
Saddle sores are painful lumps which can develop in people who put in long hours of heavy training.
Saddle sores seem to come along with most of the ranch activities.
A saddle is a seat
Saddle isa device.
Saddles are body parts.
Saddles are cuts.
Saddles are entirely hand-crafted with only the finest Italian leather.
Saddles are fairly common in West Virginia mountain ridges.
Saddles are great post-spawn musky attractors.
Saddles are inherently ambiguous.
Saddles are interchangeable, and there are dozens of types to choose from.
Saddles are limited.
Saddles are located in cowboys.
Saddles are located in race tracks.
Saddles are located in stables.
Saddles are natural things.
Saddles are our specialty.
Saddles are part of backs.
Saddles are part of shoes.
Saddles are seats.
Saddles are the primary target.
Saddles are the very comfortable endurance type.
Saddles are uniform in design.
Saddles are used for donkeys.
Saddles are used for horses.
Saddles are used for mules.
Saddles are used for rides.
Saddles are used for riding.
Saddles can be expensive.
Saddles can be solid wood , or hand made from leather.
Saddles come in medium fit, but are available in narrow or wide on request.
Saddles come in two styles.
Saddles designed for men are somewhat too narrow for most women's comfort.
Saddles have (part) sections.
Saddles have (part) stirrups.
Saddles have distinct edges.
Saddles have edges.
Saddles have thin edges.
Saddles keep the roll off the bench surface so the face can be thoroughly and safely inspected.
Saddles provide good trails during seasonal and daily migration.
Saddles represent notable landmarks on topographic maps and in the hills.
Saddles rides pretty hard, but can be changed for a small amount.
Saddles support weight.
Saddles used by equestrians are certain to be eaten if left within range.
Saddles usually consist of a hard shell, padded with foam with a flexible plastic cover.
All saddles are medium trees unless indicated otherwise.
All saddles are pigskin lined with pigskin seats.
All saddles come with standard equipment unless stated otherwise.
All saddles have non-stretch billets with extra strong nylon center.
All saddles leave our shop oiled , and with pre-twisted stirrup leathers and are ready to ride .
Every saddle comes with a girth and a saddle cover.
Every saddle is built around a wooden or plastic frame called a saddle tree.
Most saddles are actually lower in the middle.
Most saddles come in a choice of three tree widths.
Most saddles have distinct edges.
Most saddles have edges.
Most saddles have thin edges.
Most saddles have three billets and two buckles.
Some saddles have a custom made pad built in to achieve the same result.
Some saddles have an off-side billet to secure the cinch instead of a second latigo.
Some saddles offer least resistance.
Some saddles offer resistance.
Some saddles require extra lift in the cantle area of the saddle.
Saddleback caterpillars feed on various plants.
A saddleback is a roof
Saddleback isa location.
Saddleback offers miles of vertical terrain.
Saddlebacks are birds.
Saddlebacks are passes.
Saddlebacks are territorial and sing loud rhythmical songs.
Saddlebacks are very vocal birds.
Saddlebacks vary their calls so that even individuals from different areas can be identified.
All saddlebacks are extinct on the mainland, and live either in captivity or on islands.
Some saddlebacks have color.
A saddlebag is a bag
Saddlebags are available to hold a rain jacket, camera, etc.
Saddlebags are bags.
Saddlebags attach with four support studs inserted into existing holes on the motorcycle.
Saddlebags feature hydraulic dampers for smooth operations.
SaddleBags perform fully acoustic or with complete sound system.
Saddled pigs are controllable with a carrot on a stick.
A sadhu is a religious person
Sadhu literally means a monk, a sanyasin , who has renounced the world.
Sadism arises from a base of perverted love and is the favored tool of fanatics of all kinds.
Sadism involves causing physical or psychological pain or suffering to another person.
Sadism involves gaining pleasure from seeing others undergo discomfort or pain.
Sadism is different from minor manifestations of aggression in normative sexual activity.
Sadism is said to be active in nature, while masochism is said to be passive.
Sadism is sexual pleasure
Sadism is sexual pleasure.
Sadism is the logical extension of behavior that arises out of male power.
Sadism is the name given to the perversion in which there is an association of active cruelty.
Sadism manifest itself both in individuals and in entire cultures.
Sadism percolates through South African society.
A sadist is an offender
Sadists apply for the job.
Sadists are oafish, explosive, enraged people, while masochists are mere playmates.
Sadists call it a dead cat bounce.
Sadists look and behave like normal men.
Sadists often seek out masochists as sexual partners.
Some sadists find partners who are consensual which means they have agreed to be the partner.
Some sadists go to the extent of inserting outside objects in genitals of women.
Sadistic children scream like a flock of seagulls.
Sadistic guards populate the narrative in all their convulsive craziness.
Sadistic midgets carrying hacksaws are really bad news.
Sadistic rapists get their gratification solely by inflicting pain on their victims.
Sadistic whites torture noble blacks.
Sadness allows internal grief to come out.
Sadness becomes thicker and thicker.
Sadness can lead into hopelessness, into despair.
Sadness can make one ill.
Sadness can range from terrible crying fits to just a general feeling.
Sadness causes a desire to cries.
Sadness comes and goes.
Sadness comes creeping in like an aggressive bandit.
Sadness creeps in all too often.
Sadness envelopes the screen and the words that come from it.
Sadness flies on the wings of morning and out of the heart of darkness comes the light.
Sadness gives a reference point that makes happiness more appreciated.
Sadness gives way to anger.
Sadness involves a lot of feeling.
Sadness is a car as it drives away from an old house.
Sadness is a dead plant in the cold winter snow.
Sadness is a gift.
Sadness is a little girl in a boat floating away from home.
Sadness is a natural feeling which, if unfelt, just stays in our array of unresolved trauma knots.
Sadness is a natural response to loss, defeat, disappointment, trauma, or catastrophe.
Sadness is a normal emotion that everyone feels, just like anger and happiness.
Sadness is a normal part of life.
Sadness is a normal reaction, anger also.
Sadness is a normal state which everybody experiences at some time in thei r lives.
Sadness is a powerless feeling, but it's a VERY important part of the grieving process.
Sadness is a state of happiness.
Sadness is an understandable reaction.
Sadness is better than chaos.
Sadness is clear like glass and also like a window.
Sadness is connected with the world of destruction .
Sadness is due to the opposite, namely, contraction and concentration of the animal spirit.
Sadness is emotion.
Sadness is essential to joy.
Sadness is feeling
Sadness is feelings.
Sadness is finite.
Sadness is good for the soul.
Sadness is in the heart of every man, woman and child.
Sadness is just as important as happiness.
Sadness is located in funerals.
Sadness is more a consolation than repentance.
Sadness is more or less like a headcold - with patience it passes.
Sadness is natural, and is a healthy response.
Sadness is never fun but it can be good.
Sadness is no more than a fleeting blip.
Sadness Is No.
Sadness is one ingredient in the sickening stew of depression.
Sadness is part of life.
Sadness is part of the human experience.
Sadness is perhaps the most common feeling found in grief.
Sadness is present.
Sadness is replaced with rejoicing and reunion.
Sadness is seen, heard and discussed everywhere.
Sadness is slower to arise and resolve than some other emotions.
Sadness is temporary and forgettable.
Sadness is temporary.
Sadness is the acceptance of such proof.
Sadness is the feeling of being depleted and experiencing loss.
Sadness is the key stage of the grief process that precedes acceptance.
Sadness is the quiet wave of dark cold water as it hits the beach.
Sadness is the sound of dull screaming.
Sadness is there.
Sadness is unhappinesses.
Sadness is unwelcome, a social barrier that makes others uncomfortable.
Sadness is what a healthy human soul understandably feels in the present situation.
Sadness is, at times, an equally fitting emotion as joy.
Sadness lifts for most people as they adjust.
Sadness mixes with fatigue.
Sadness never comes to call.
Sadness prevails to a great extreme.
Sadness provides a good example.
Sadness rolls in with the loss of pride.
Sadness seems like a big ocean.
Sadness sits heavily on many people.
Sadness smells like mean sweat.
Sadness turns to joy as a repentant sinner begins righteous living.
Sadness veils their countenance.
All sadness disappear.
Some sadness is an inherent part of weathering life s misfortunes.
Some sadness is part of the life on earth.
Some sadnesses are permanent.
SadnessHIV disease means life changes and losses of one kind or another.
A sadomasochism is masochism
A sadomasochism is sadism
Sadomasochism has to do with annihilation.
Sadomasochism is a primary principle of nature.
Sadomasochism is a way of life for many.
Sadomasochism is one ritual version of dominance and submission.
Sadomasochism is only about sex.
Sadomasochism is political dissent.
Sadomasochisms are masochism.
Sadomasochisms are sadism.
Sadomasochisms are sexual activities.
A sadomasochist is an offender
Sadomasochists are extreme romantics.
Sadomasochists live the life faster, than vanilla people.
Sadomasochists meet the cyberpunks.
Sadomasochists seek to legitimize and provide a premeditated structure for violence.
Sadomasochists tend to alternate between the masochistic and sadistic roles.
Sadomasochists often treasure leather, and find it propitious to celebrate their rituals in groups.
Sadomasochistic activities can also occur between homosexual couples.
Safari campers learn about nature through exploration and active involvement.
Safari companies run charter flights to lake.
Safari fee includes airfare, ground transportation during safari, lodging, and meals as indicated.
Safari food is basic, but tasty and filling.
Safari lodges come in all shapes and styles.
A safari park is a park
Safari Park is a controlled reserve hosting a variety of wild animals living in natural habitats.
Safari prints are scenic.
Safari ride is included in group rate and animal food provided on ride.
Safari ride is included in price of admission.
Safari suits are acceptable business wear.
Safari suits are acceptable on formal occasions and for business wear.
Safari time Make binoculars out of toilet paper tubes and yarn.
Safari tours are also very popular.
Safari Village is a collage of vibrant colors and native art.
Safari Village is an amalgamation of the colorful marketplaces of Asia, Africa and Polynesia.
Safari Village is the hub of the park where the tree is located.
A safari is expedition
Safaris are expedition.
Safaris are vacationing.
All safaris require good tans.
Every safari has one particular animal that is being hunted.
Many safaris have five-star service and gourmet food.
Some safaris spend a week or more here.
Safe access is available.
Safe access is by far the fastest and most consistent of all three.
Safe access is provided by a tied ladder.
Safe alignment relies on a relaxed position of the joints.
Safe anchor is found but they are back in the reef.
Safe anchorages abound, ensuring comfort even when conditions are less than perfect.
Safe anchorages are numerous in the bay, as our sailing guide shows.
Safe anchorages are numerous in the bay.
Safe anesthesia involves very potent drugs and close patient monitoring.
Safe area is a minimum of three-sixteenths of an inch all around.
Safe area is anywhere except for the red area.
Safe areas are where items are least likely to fall and break.
Safe Beginnings Begin with a clean cooker, clean utensils and a clean work area.
Safe bet is to find another starter altogether.
Safe boat anchorage available in front of house.
Safe box is Free at the reception.
Safe burials are key to checking the spread of the disease.
Safe candidates mean less voter turnout and less wild cards screwing things up.
Safe chasers strive to learn all they can about storms before they begin chasing.
Some safe choices are the crib or a play pen.
Safe cleaners save money.
Safe communities are about more than apprehending and sentencing criminals.
Safe communities are also important to well-being and mental health .
Safe communities are essential to the American promise.
Safe communities are one of Iowa's basic strengths.
Safe communities are.
Safe communities means more than a reduction in crime.
Many safe companies sell brass piano-style lights to be placed atop the safe.
Safe conducts are also compacts made between enemies, and deserve to be considered.
Safe cooking Use a meat thermometer.
Safe cribs are essential to the health and well-being of our nation s babies.
Safe cribs are essential to the health and well-being of our nation's babies.
Safe crossing Be careful when crossing roads of any kind.
Safe Cutting Cut the cardboard with a utility knife.
Safe cycling means obeying the rules of the road.
Safe cyclists keep their bikes in good shape at all times.
Safe cyclists ride straight and true.
Safe deposit boxes Breakfast is included in room rates.
Safe designs have to be supported by safe habits.
Safe digging is everyone's responsibility.
Safe disposal is the last option, if none of the others is feasible.
Safe distance is the distance from the lower die to the edge of the material.
Safe diving requires lengthy training.
Safe drivers enjoy premium discounts.
Safe drivers receive lower premiums.
Safe drivers try to keep both hands on the wheel and both eyes on the road at all times.
Safe drugs are, or ought to be, a basic human right.
Safe environment Be positive.
Safe environments are important too.
Safe environments enhance a student s ability and willingness to learn.
Safe environments promote learning.
Safe equipment is more of an investment than an expensive luxury.
Safe exits occur when the separation distance is sufficiently large.
Safe exploration requires discipline, awareness, sacrifice and determination.
Safe families have a fire evacuation plan and hold fire drills once or twice a year.
Safe flight requires all of our senses to be keen.
Safe food handling saves money.
Safe food includes orange.
Safe food sells.
Most safe food includes orange.
Safe footwear is important, especially with walk-behind mowers.
Safe forest walking trails,Sparkling clear mountain streams,Bay loch with it's legends.
Safe grad is a student run program with input from parents, teachers and police.
Safe grad is geared toward the needs and wishes of individual schools and their students.
Safe habits help prevent most crimes.
A safe harbor is a step
Safe harbor leases.
Safe harbors protect myriad compensation arrangements designed to discourage clinical spending.
Safe harvests begin with the prevention of accidents.
Safe Heating Keep anything that can burn at least three feet away from heaters.
Safe homes provide similar services with a volunteer family in the community.
A safe house is a house
A safe house is an asylum
Safe Houses Are Dangerous.
Safe houses can take other forms.
Safe ice depends on the weather and the individual water in question.
Safe insulation can adhere to persons, clothing, tools, bags, and loot and can transfer to vehicles.
Safe interactions allow employees to share information freely without fear of retribution.
Safe investments tend to offer low returns.
Safe jobs are critical to preserving and improving our quality of life.
Safe Kids Welcome to SafeKids.
Safe kit is a comprehensive resource for exploring and improving women's safety in public places.
Safe kit is for anyone who is interested in improving women's safety in public places.
Safe languages defer checking the preconditions of many program operations until run-time.
Safe lies are the kind the newspapers print.
Safe line offers fire and burglary protection with enormously increased storage capacity.
Safe living involves the development and use of safety precautions.
Safe loads Determine safe loads.
Safe lockout involves more than just turning off a switch.
Safe manufacturers know that too.
Safe mediocrities are chosen for positions, given grants, and invited into coteries of the powerful.
Safe Message concerns some people.
Safe mode initiates automatically when the system fails to finish loading in a previous attempt.
Safe mode is entered in response to a spacecraft hardware anomaly.
Safe mode is the deepest level of anomaly response.
Safe mode is the way to do it.
Safe mode is useful for troubleshooting hardware problems, particularly video problems.
Safe mode is useful for troubleshooting problems caused by incorrect or corrupt device drivers.
Safe mode loads VGA drivers and keyboard drivers, but no network drivers.
Safe motherhood is a human right that extends beyond perinatal services.
Safe motherhood is a human right.
Safe motherhood is a vital social and economic investment.
Safe motherhood is difficult.
Safe motherhood remains the best covered component.
Safe navigation is no accident.
Safe needles save lives.
Safe neighborhoods mean safe schools.
Safe neighborhoods require a partnership based on citizen activism and neighborhood dialogue.
Safe operation begins with making a pre-operational check before each tractor use.
Safe operation is always important.
Safe operation is emphasized throughout the course.
Safe operation is maintained by a series of electrical interlocks.
Safe operation is the first priority.
Safe operation is the operator's responsibility.
Safe operation requires properly designed equipment and regular maintenance.
Safe operation requires well maintained equipment.
Safe operations are the basis of the viability of the aviation industry.
Safe operations make progress possible in research projects with inherent technical risks.
Safe operations save money.
Many safe opportunities do exist, however, to travel with a small organization.
Safe organizations have policies against harassment, bullying or mistreatment of others.
Safe P rocedures Detailed flight plan.
Safe parking is available.
Safe passage is made by rounding the outside of the buoys.
Safe passage is still a very difficult issue.
Safe people admit their weaknesses.
All safe pictures are thumbnails click on any picture to get the full version .
Safe place is the domestic violence and sexual assault survival center.
Safe places are available for horses, dogs, cats and other animals at no cost.
Safe places are usually hallways, closets and bathrooms.
Safe places is one of the five resources.
Safe places reduce feelings of threat.
Most safe places are in west end of Richmond or north and south sides.
Safe placement is two shots down the right side and a clear chip to the flag.
Safe playgrounds are no accident.
Safe Points are times at which the computer was idle for a few seconds.
Safe practice is more than minimum levels.
Safe practices Give examples of standard safety practices for the engineering technology field.
Safe practices mean safe organizations and members.
Safe principles are to be learned and applied.
Many safe products are available for the storage of paper materials.
Safe ranges are essential to our sport.
Safe region is below solid lines indicating nonlinear process thresholds in the atmosphere.
Safe removal is based on keeping debris as coarse as possible, and contained.
Safe Return can fax the person's information and photo to the local police department.
Safe return is a client's responsibility.
Safe rider enjoy the outdoors.
Safe riders drive within the limits of their machine and their abilities.
Safe Riders drive within the limits of their machine and their abilities.
Safe riders follow lane markings for turning or going through an intersection.
Safe riders ride within the limits of their machine and their abilities.
Safe riding begins before kids get on the bike.
Safe riding is key to an enjoyable journey.
Safe riding requires knowledge and skill.
Safe roads are a necessity.
Safe rooms are an excellent example of that.
Safe rooms are available.
Safe rooms are constructed of steel panels or reinforced concrete.
Safe rooms are readily accessible to the handicapped.
Safe rooms are small and windowless.
Safe rooms built on-site have mortar joints where the block comes together.
Safe roommates can help keep the survivor safe.
Safe schools are a precondition for learning.
Safe schools are a priority of our students and staff.
Safe schools are a top priority for parents and teachers.
Safe schools are a top priority.
Safe schools are about more than physical safety.
Safe schools are more than schools that are free from violent incidents.
Safe schools are one family.
Safe schools are strategic and smart.
Safe schools are strategic schools.
Safe schools are the responsibility of every student and every staff member.
Safe schools begin with teaching conflict resolution skills to the very young.
Safe schools enable children to achieve academically and behaviorally.
Safe schools exist in safe communities.
Safe schools is a very critical issue.
Safe schools mean healthy schools.
Safe schools require hard work, vigilance, and creativity.
Safe schools require the collaboration and support of students, staff, parents, and the community.
Safe schools result from partnerships with students, staff, parents, and community working together.
Safe schools view the school as part of the larger community.
Safe Security can be a double-edged sword.
Safe settlement is possible only in the ideal world.
Safe settlement means to make it work on the ground.
Safe sex is a message that's gone through to everybody.
Safe sex is a myth.
Safe sex is a turn on.
Safe sex is a way of life here for many couples.
Safe sex is always an option.
Safe sex is an essential part of maintaining a healthy community.
Safe sex is called safe sex for a reason.
Safe sex is encouraged at all times.
Safe sex is for the weak.
Safe sex is good sex.
Safe sex is just as important for older adults as it is for the young.
Safe sex is just as satisfying and enjoyable as unsafe sex.
Safe sex is moral sex.
Safe sex is practiced.
Safe sex is recommended.
Safe sex is required, and condoms, gloves, etc. are provided.
Safe Sex is sex which holds NO risk for disease transmission or injury.
Safe sex is sex
Safe sex is sexual activities.
Safe sex is so important.
Safe sex is the only way.
Safe sex is the rule.
Safe sex is the sexiest kind there is.
Safe sex is tricky , used wrong, sex can be a lethal weapon.
Safe sex means putting on the emergency brake.
Safe sex means sex which is absolutely safe.
Safe sex meets e-commerce.
Safe sex saves lives.
Safe sex using barrier methods needs to be taught in the early teens.
Safe shades are red and black.
Safe shark netted swimming is available for family enjoyment by the riverside park.
Safe shelter is one of life's basic necessities.
Safe shelter is provided to victims of domestic violence and their children.
Safe shipping is also available.
Safe shipping is available.
Safe shooters drive to the right fairway.
All safe shooters welcome.
Safe shopping Buy cold foods last.
Safe shot is slightly right of center.
Safe shutdown is the stabilization of facilities prior to potential reuse or dismantlement.
Safe sides reduce the chances of nicking the nail.
Safe sites are ones that follow all the rules for protecting kids safety and privacy online.
Safe skiers make safe skiing.
Safe skydiving is more of an attitude than one or two hard and fast rules.
Safe Spaces are places where students can feel comfortable and safe discussing gay issues.
Safe spaces change, so keep that in mind if events are dynamic.
Safe speeds vary depending on the driving conditions.
Safe speeds vary with trail conditions and intensity of use.
Safe stocks are the sexy play.
Safe storage allows the producer to store manure until conditions are suitable for land application.
Safe storage is arranged.
Safe storage is only the first step in preventing contaminated runoff.
Safe storage prevents falls and other injuries.
Safe storage requires levels.
Safe storage requires percent moisture levels.
Most safe storage requires levels.
Most safe storage requires percent moisture levels.
Safe streets act.
Safe streets have to be a higher priority than building an arena.
Safe Streets Securing safe streets is essential to every community's well-being.
Some safe sweetener offers health.
Safe toys can become dangerous when broken.
Safe traffic is a priority.
Safe training is good training.
Safe training is no accident.
Safe training opens up new world.
Safe travel is a primary consideration in transportation decision-making.
Safe travel means healthy travel.
Safe Travel Try to avoid flying into an unfamiliar city at night.
Safe use creates a healthier economy and a higher standard of living.
Safe use depends on that.
Safe use requires a commitment to safe design and sound management.
Safe use requires that hikers be in good physical condition and experienced with map and compass.
Safe use requires the involvement and intervention of a health care professional.
Safe vaccines are available, and it is now officially recommended that all children be immunized.
Safe valves allow versility to valve applications in handling a wide variety of applications.
Safe valves provide for continuous, repeatable and accurate performance.
Safe venues are of primary importance with scenic beauty and challenging routs our hallmark.
Safe water can also positively affect indoor air.
Safe water is a major concern.
Safe water is a necessity of daily life.
Safe water is everybody s responsibility.
Safe water is just as important for food preparation as for drinking.
Safe water is produced by proper execution of fundamental treatment processes.
Safe water is vital to our community.
Safe water means peace of mind anytime, anywhere.
Safe water protects people from getting diarrhoea diseases such as cholera and dysentery.
Safe Web blocks access to malicious sites .
Safe work is influenced through peer pressure.
Safe workers are always on track.
Safe workers are productive workers, but it's more than that.
Safe workplaces pay lower rates.
Safe zones are an alternative to filtering or labelling.
A safe is a box
SAFE also offers two other safety programs.
SAFE considers conditions to limit states, namely pipe rupture and wrinkling.
SAFE imposes no such requirement.
SAFE offers members an opportunity to become involved in campus and community services.
SAFE opposes any effort to register firearms.
SAFE playground teaching materials to help educate others on the importance of playground safety.
SAFE presents the best magnifiers on the market today.
SAFE produces superior hingeless stamp albums for most countries of the world.
SAFE raises issues of endangered animals.
SAFE serves as a guide to network designers considering the security requirements of their network.
SAFE strengthens online security and reforms export controls of strong encryption products.
SAFE teaches students how to prevent fires in their homes and what to do in the event of a fire.
Safes are available for guests.
Safes are available in many different security levels .
Safes are available in many different security levels.
Safes are available on request.
Safes are available on some cruise lines in certain staterooms.
Safes are boxs.
Safes are cupboards.
Safes are hardware.
Safes are heavy, but small - only a few people can get their hands on it at a time.
Safes are located in cabinets.
Safes are located in closets.
Safes are office products.
All safes now come with velour interior .
Every safe has a door.
Many safes also come with bolt-down kits, a further deterrent to thieves in a hurry.
Many safes give little burglary protection as just a fire safe.
Many safes have special features for certain situations.
Some safes are submerged to simulate the effects of a flood or broken water line.
Safeco field is just a short drive away from the hotel.
Safeco field is only two years old.
Safeguard is a step
Safeguards are a form of institutionalized nuclear transparency.
Safeguards are critical when selling jewelry to the public.
Safeguards are difficult to guarantee.
Safeguards are essential for protecting operators from needless and preventable injuries.
Safeguards are essential for protecting workers from needless and preventable injuries.
Safeguards are essential for protecting workers.
Safeguards are in place in modern mining.
Safeguards are in place to ensure proper security.
Safeguards are in place to exclude children and novices from sourcing dangerously venomous snakes.
Safeguards are in place to help keep pranksters from changing other people's listings.
Safeguards are in place to keep sensitive data secure via passwords.
Safeguards are in place to prevent adverse effects on the animals involved.
Safeguards are in place to prevent excessive accrual as well.
Safeguards are in place to protect individual identities.
Safeguards are in place to protect the anonymity of the donating and receiving companies.
Safeguards are insufficient and inadequate.
Safeguards are necessary to protect the project sponsors from default.
Safeguards can take the form of tariffs or quantitative restrictions.
Safeguards ensure secure transactions.
Safeguards Evaluate whether steps have been taken to adequately safeguard property subject to theft.
Safeguards exist to protect borderline cases.
Safeguards help assure accurate test results.
Safeguards help to protect and warn against any effort to divert nuclear material for illicit use.
Safeguards necessarily involve a large expansion of pohce powers.
Every safeguard is taken to avoid any possibility of pollution or damage.
Many safeguards are available to help parents protect their children while online.
Many safeguards are out of date and riddled with loopholes.
Many safeguards exist to prohibit such conflict.
Many safeguards now exist and more are certain to follow.
Most safeguards focus on the individual investigator or faculty member.
Some safeguards are at work even before the promotion board convenes.
Some safeguards are in place, but their effectiveness is questionable.
Some safeguards exist for defendants in such courts.
A safehold is an asylum
Safeholds tend to be located near low level adventuring areas.
Safer alternatives are available and they work.
Safer alternatives are readily available.
Safer alternatives exist for virtually every application of CFCs, HCFCs and HFCs.
Safer alternatives exist.
Safer alternatives rooted in dietary and herbal remedies are very desirable and available.
Safer campuses are good for men, too.
Safer cars get partial credit for the encouraging trend.
Safer devices exist, including retractable needles, self-blunting needles and protective shields.
Safer materials are available which perform the same functions with little or no damage.
Safer needles are slightly more expensive.
Safer needles exist today that can prevent the spread of disease.
Safer needles exist today that cover, blunt, or retract needles after use.
Safer needles save lives and money for health care facilities.
Safer Neighborhoods Are Possible.
Safer operations affect the bottom line dramatically in terms of competition.
Safer options are available.
Safer pesticides See.
Safer sex can be any activity where there is no exchange of bodily fluids.
Safer sex can be fun, imaginative, and intimate.
Safer sex can still be fun.
Safer sex decreases the exchange of semen, vaginal fluids, and blood between partners.
Safer sex entails a wide range of sexual activities.
Safer sex has many advantages over unsafe sex.
Safer Sex Have to have fun and stay healthy.
Safer sex includes oral, vaginal, and anal intercourse when using a condom or dental dam.
Safer sex involves sexual activities that do pose a risk, but it's a very small risk.
Safer sex involves using things like condoms , lubricant , femidoms or dental dams .
Safer sex is about a lot more.
Safer sex is about avoiding cum or blood getting into the body through cuts or sores.
Safer sex is all about minimizing or ideally preventing the exchange of bodily fluids.
Safer sex is harder sex.
Safer sex is imperative.
Safer sex is more enjoyable.
Safer sex is real sex.
Safer sex is sexual activity without any transfer of semen, vaginal fluids, or blood.
Safer sex is smart, health, sober sex.
Safer sex is the reduction of risk and is possible for most people to practice.
Safer sex is the responsibility of both parties.
Safer Sex means being smart and staying healthy.
Safer sex means reducing the chance of becoming infected.
Safer sex means using a condom for anal, oral, or vaginal sex.
Safer sex minimizes that risk.
Safer sex reduces the risk of conception during heterosexual sex.
Safer sex requires communication, respect, and a little bit of knowledge.
Safer sex takes a sober head to do.
Safer sex takes some planning, thinking, and negotiating.
Safer soap is used for minor infestations.
Safer soaps are effective of aphid problems.
Safer stuff is available.
Safer test drives with no window-clutter.
Safer therapy is used and unnecessary surgery is prevented.
Safer treatments are now available.
Safer vehicles are one reason that auto insurance rates are dropping.
Safer water Having safe water is important to everyone.
Safer workplaces are the real answer to California's workers compensation problems.
Safest look is a clean-shaven face.
Safest thing is to uncleat, let go of the sheet, and then come in.
Safety bar helps protect child.
Safety bar stops crusher when door is open.
Safety bars enclose, becoming water.
A safety belt is a belt
A safety belt is a constraint
Safety belt is included.
Safety belt is invented.
Safety belt keeps TV or projector stable.
Safety belts are belts.
Safety belts are effective in preventing total ejections.
Safety belts are for everyone.
Safety belts are for older children and adults.
Safety belts are key to safety in vehicles with air bags or without.
Safety belts are mandatory in all tree stands.
Safety belts are optional.
Safety belts are restraint.
Safety belts are the best form of protection passengers have in the event of a crash.
Safety belts are the best form of protection that passengers have, in the event of a crash.
Safety belts are the best safety device ever developed for the automobile.
Safety belts are the first line of defense against motor vehicle death and injury.
Safety belts are the most effective safety devices in vehicles today.
Safety belts are to be worn by all occupants of the vehicle at all times the vehicle is in motion.
Safety belts are very important protection in all accidents including side impacts.
Safety belts can provide protection in impacts other than frontal and near-frontal collisions.
Safety belts can reduce injuries and deaths.
Safety belts do more than reduce the severity of injuries.
Safety belts help keep front seat occupants away from the airbag module during deployment.
Safety belts help reduce the risk of injury in many types of crashes.
Safety belts help the driver maintain vehicle control.
Safety belts keep occupants from being ejected out of the car.
Safety belts keep occupants securely in the seat in the case of a crash or sudden vehicle maneuver.
Safety belts prevent ejections.
Safety belts prevent occupants from colliding with each other.
Safety belts provide greatest protection against ejection from a vehicle during a crash.
Safety belts provide the greatest protection against occupant ejection.
Safety belts reduce the risk of death and serious injury by an astounding fifty percent.
Safety belts save children, no matter what color they are.
Safety belts save lives and prevent injuries.
Safety belts save lives.
Safety belts stretch.
Safety belts work, so long as they're used properly.
Safety belts work.
Many safety belts are now adjustable.
Some safety belts require special attachment hardware to secure child safety seats.
Safety cap prevents accidental operation.
Safety caps are dummy plugs that fill empty electric outlets or sockets.
Safety caps help protect children from hurting themselves with medicines.
A safety catch is a guard
Safety catches are on the cages.
Safety catches are unreliable and misfires can occur.
Safety codes require that the indoor plumbing be connected to the neutral wire of the power line.
Safety cultures consist of shared beliefs, practices, and attitudes.
Safety cultures consist of shared beliefts, practices, and attitudes.
A safety curtain is a curtain
Safety curtains are about the most expensive item, but well under the cost of an accident.
A safety device is a device
Safety device prevents overloading or over- hoisting.
Safety devices are devices.
Safety devices are important in household circuits.
Safety devices are present to save one when things go wrong.
Safety devices can kill .
Safety drill is given on departure.
Safety drills can save lives.
Most safety engineers believe that water impact is more serious due to the hydrodynamic effects.
Safety engineering is applied to project developments throughout the different project steps.
Safety equipment can help doctors avoid or rectify emergencies.
Safety equipment consists of a helmet and any proper of seatbelt.
Safety equipment ensures a confident climb.
Safety equipment has to be in working order and easy to find.
Safety equipment includes ABS, traction control and dual front and side air bags.
Safety equipment includes automatic inflatable life raft and satellite epirb systems.
Safety equipment includes helmets, face guards, goggles, forearm guards and wrist guards.
Safety equipment includes safety shoes, glasses and respirators.
Safety equipment includes side airbags for front occupants and four-wheel disc antilock brakes.
Safety equipment is a lot less likely to be worn by a skate boarder than by a bicycler.
Safety equipment is a necessity, so speak with the local council for more details.
Safety equipment is also very important.
Safety equipment is available to prevent kickback injuries.
Safety equipment is emphasized.
Safety equipment is essential for use with a tablesaw .
Safety equipment is for emergency use only.
Safety equipment is included.
Safety equipment is mandatory for all classes.
Safety equipment is provide.
Safety equipment is provided.
Safety equipment is recommended.
Safety equipment is required by law.
Safety equipment is required by state law.
Safety equipment is required.
Safety equipment is subject to inspection and possible rejection.
Safety equipment is tested regularly to ensure it is still protecting the user.
Safety equipment protects the employee from exposure to hazardous working conditions.
Safety equipment saves lives in an occupation that has suffered far too many tragedies.
Safety equipment starts with a helmet, which can reduce head injury risk significantly.
Safety equipment stays with the work.
All safety equipment is included.
All safety equipment is mandatory for fighters in tournaments.
All safety equipment is on board.
All safety equipment is provided goggles, snoods, overalls and mask.
All safety equipment is provided in the beginner classes.
All safety equipment is provided in the rental fee.
All safety equipment is provided.
All safety equipment is supplied in the hire price.
All safety equipment is supplied.
All safety equipment is up to date.
Safety escorts are available to walk students to their cars after class.
A safety factor is a ratio
Safety factor is a function of design stress and yield strength.
Safety factors are much less obvious.
Safety factors are one of the largest variables in estimating fatigue life.
Safety factors are ratios.
Safety film decreases the number of injuries and deaths and reduces property loss.
Safety filters are available here .
Safety Fires Practice a home fire escape plan.
Safety gear is also minimal.
Safety gear is most effective when worn by the parents.
Safety gear is necessary for work activities.
Safety gear is provided.
Safety gear is recommended.
Safety gear is required for skating and biking.
Safety gear is required in some aspects of work.
Safety gear is required to inspect rail equipment.
Safety gear is required.
All safety gear is provided and instructions given.
All safety gear is provided.
Safety glass is glass
Safety glass is glass.
Safety glass is made by sandwiching glass between layers of plastic.
Safety glass is safety devices.
Safety glass offers no protection from UV light.
Safety glasses are an integral part of the occupational vision program.
Safety glasses are available in a box to the right of the spinner.
Safety glasses are available in the bookstore.
Safety glasses are available in the college bookstore.
Safety glasses are available outside the laboratory door.
Safety glasses are compulsory and labcoats are recommended.
Safety glasses are especially important with the random orbit sander.
Safety glasses are essential.
Safety glasses are exceedingly valuable insurance.
Safety glasses are mandatory and available at the front desk before the tour.
Safety glasses are mandatory.
Safety glasses are the minimum eye protection required for all laboratory work.
Safety glasses are to be worn at all times in the laboratory.
Safety glasses are to be worn at all times while a lab experiment is in progress.
Safety glasses are to be worn in laboratories at all times.
Safety glasses are to be worn under the helmet.
Safety glasses come in a variety of lens materials, shades and tints.
Safety glasses come in a variety of sizes and shapes and it is easy to find a comfortable fit.
Safety glasses ensure any splinters are deflected away from the eyes.
Safety glasses Make sure the surface to be carpeted is smooth and clean.
Safety glasses possess sideshields.
Safety glasses protect the eyes.
Many safety glasses have side shields molded into or attached onto the earpieces.
Most safety glasses protect against particles coming from in front of the face.
A safety hat is a helmet
Safety hats protect the head from impact, penetration, and electrical shock.
Safety hazard means a vehicle leaking a hazardous substance, i.e. gas, oil, transmission fluid, etc.
Safety hazards cause injuries.
Safety hazards exist when handling, transporting, and storing highly toxic compounds.
Safety hazards involving livestock can be an unpredictable part of farm life.
Safety hazards lurk around every corner.
Some safety hazards are more common during certain times of the year.
Safety helmets are available in various sizes.
Safety helmets are available.
Safety inspections are also important for property insurance issues.
Safety inspections attempt to ensure all vehicles on the road meet a specified maintenance standard.
Safety inspections help students maintain a safe environment.
Some safety inspections prevent death.
Some safety islands are part of alleys.
Some safety islands are part of causeways.
Some safety islands are part of driveways.
Some safety islands are part of freeways.
Some safety islands are part of highways.
Some safety islands are part of motorways.
Some safety islands are part of roads.
Some safety islands are part of roadways.
Some safety islands are part of speedways.
Some safety islands are part of streets.
Some safety islands are part of superhighways.
Some safety islands are part of thoroughfares.
Some safety islands are part of trails.
A safety match is a match
Safety matches require the striker on the box.
Safety mechanisms prevent accidental firing.
Safety mechanisms start to gather dust.
Safety monitors work throughout the plant.
Safety net is a guarantee
Safety net is guarantees.
Safety net is looser for herbal remedies.
Safety net is net.
Safety nets are a lip service.
Safety nets are for beginners and losers.
Safety nets can enhance the political support for reforms.
Safety nets can help the victims of financial instability.
Safety nets remain few or inexistent.
Safety organizations see retread tire failures as a significant highway hazard.
Safety patrols offer additional protection at many intersections near schools.
A safety pin is a pin
Safety pins are also useful.
Safety pins are definitely a good thing.
Safety pins are fasteners.
Safety pins are located in purses.
Safety pins are located in shops.
Safety pins are pins.
Safety pins are useful for all sorts of things.
Safety pins cake the place of tape.
Safety pins have many uses, even the larger diaper pins.
Safety pins help keep things together.
Safety pins work just fine.
Safety ratings are also available for cars, trucks and vans.
Safety ratings are the most reliable source for crash protection information.
A safety razor is a razor
Safety razor blades, for stripping wire, cutting boxes, etc.
Safety recalls are unlikely.
Safety regulations are in place to protect the health of the consumer.
Safety regulations forbid the use of patients' own compressed oxygen equipment in flight.
Safety regulations limit capacities.
Safety regulations prohibit all others.
Safety regulations prohibit the storage of inflammable materials in apartments.
Safety regulations require children to be strapped behind their mother.
Safety regulations require hunters to wear fluorescent orange above the waist.
Safety regulations restrict the patient from operating machinery after sedation.
Safety restraint use unknown.
Safety restraints afford the greatest protection against ejection from a vehicle during a crash.
Safety rules save life.
Safety services constrain resource usage and isolate unrelated activities.
Safety services encompass police and fire protection and paramedic service.
Safety shoes are optional.
Safety shoes come in a variety of fits and styles.
Safety shoes provide protection against objects falling on the foot, and impact.
Safety standards are an essential part of our courses.
Safety standards are high.
Safety standards are unacceptable.
Safety standards are very high at trapshoots and spectators remain behind a fenced area.
Safety standards are very high.
Safety standards can be lax.
Safety standards Identify safety hazards associated with the field of engineering technology.
Safety standards require continued attention.
Safety standards vary worldwide.
Safety stock can account for too large a portion of the quantity on hand.
Safety stock is what companies keep on hand to meet an unexpected surge in demand.
Safety stock is, in reality, an expense of doing business.
Safety straps are made of elastic materials.
Safety straps are made of materials.
Safety switches are easier to use than buttons, especially in a panic situation.
Safety switches are mandatory in all new homes.
Safety switches prevent fatal electric shock.
Safety switchs are switchs.
Safety training demonstrates that the company cares about the workers.
Safety training has a specific goal of reducing the accident rate.
Safety training has to be developed.
Safety training is a vital element of our contract operations.
Safety training is a vital part of instruction for all forestry and logging workers.
Safety training is a vital part of instruction for all logging workers.
Safety training is an area of increasing emphasis within the physical plant budget.
Safety training is an integral part of our general education program.
Safety training is important for all logging workers.
Safety training is mandatory for FSG employees.
Safety training is on our agenda for every faculty meeting.
Safety training is our specialty.
Safety training is part of the orientation for all new laboratory personnel.
Safety training is provided for new employees and annually thereafter.
Safety training is required because of the working conditions.
Safety training is the right answer.
A safety valve is a regulator
A safety valve is a valve
Safety valves are importantpieces of a system because, shouldpressure buildup or some.
Safety valves are regulators.
Safety valves are valves.
Safety valves designed primarily to release high volumes of steam usually pop open to full capacity.
Safety valves have correct settings.
Many safety valves use a spring instead of a weight.
Safety vests are now the rule.
Safety wire is recommended to secure the locknut in place after the probe gap is properly set.
A safety zone is an island
Safety zones exist around recreation areas, residences, offices and service areas.
Safety zones exist around recreation areas, residencies, offices and service areas.
Safety zones exist around residences, offices, houses, and service areas.
Safety zones imposed externally can promote political aims under a humanitarian cloak.
Some safety zones are part of alleys.
Some safety zones are part of causeways.
Some safety zones are part of driveways.
Some safety zones are part of freeways.
Some safety zones are part of highways.
Some safety zones are part of motorways.
Some safety zones are part of roads.
Some safety zones are part of roadways.
Some safety zones are part of speedways.
Some safety zones are part of streets.
Some safety zones are part of superhighways.
Some safety zones are part of thoroughfares.
Some safety zones are part of trails.
Safeties are nice, but are never to be relied upon.
Safeties are usually bigger and better tacklers than the cornerbacks.
Safeties are usually the bigger defensive backs.
Safety actually begins with processing.
Safety allows unloading while engaged.
Safety also applies to the nitric acid, but in a different way.
Safety also becomes an issue.
Safety also is about using common sense and taking precautions.
Safety also is an important issue.
Safety also is improved because pedestrians are separated from cars.
Safety also means being prepared and knowing what actions to take before an outage occurs.
Safety also means being prepared and knowing what to actions to take before an outage occurs.
Safety also ties closely to morale and the bottom line.
Safety appears to be an emotional subject in the legislature.
Safety appears to be less important than previously.
Safety appears to have been a concern at the outset, since there was originally no railing.
Safety applies equally to both home residents and emergency personnel.
Safety are Twenty across caution beside any rollerblade lightning although fail to an flour.
Safety Be aware of any illness arising after handling pesticides or pesticide wastes.
Safety Be aware of hunting seasons.
Safety Be careful when handling glass and allow the lamp to cool before packing it away or touching.
Safety Be cautious in bear country.
Safety Be safe when dyeing fabric.
Safety Be safe.
Safety Be smart, be visible, and watch for hazards.
Safety Be sure the toy has no sharp corners, small parts, or paints that can be chewed off.
Safety becomes a bigger concern.
Safety becomes a concern in deep leaves, and be prepared for the unexpected.
Safety becomes a direct issue if electric powered machinery is used.
Safety becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Safety becomes akin to a stack of Swiss cheese.
Safety becomes an all-important way of life.
Safety becomes and overriding concern.
Safety becomes just another trade-off.
Safety becomes very important as the child becomes more mobile.
Safety begins at home and that's particularly true for people with balance problems.
Safety begins at home, on the ground.
Safety begins at home.
Safety begins before people enter the building.
Safety begins with the design of our exhibits.
Safety begins with the driver.
Safety begins with the school board and the chief officers of the school district.
Safety brings strength.
Safety Bug Let s face it life s lessons are best learned through experience.
Safety burns fat without missing meals, stimulating food intake reduction.
Safety calls for keeping to the inside of the trail especially when donkeys pass.
Safety can also be a concern.
Safety can be as simple as that.
Safety can be built into structures Some farm structures are extremely hazardous to children.
Safety can be cool.
Safety can cover like a cornerback and provide strong run-support.
Safety can exist in huge fast-paced cities.
Safety can mean just police or just fire if the agency has only police or fire in their safety plan.
Safety can often be an important target for watchdog reporting.
Safety caps on all wall plugs.
Safety caps on medicines help protect toddlers and other children.
Safety caps on pill bottles keep children from ingesting poison.
Safety check all wire slings, chains, and belts at regular intervals.
Safety clasp on back.
Safety comes before diplomacy here.
Safety comes before fashion.
Safety comes down to knowledge of possible hazards and prevention.
Safety comes first A close look always provides the best information.
Safety comes first Always wear a seat belt, and never drink and drive.
Safety comes first in all situations.
Safety comes first in tree house design.
Safety comes first then everything else.
Safety comes first, and a sound tree is essential.
Safety comes first, though.
Safety comes first, to the exclusion of all else.
Safety comes first.
Safety Comes First.
Safety comes from inside.
Safety comes from obedience.
Safety comes from strength and from a unique fracture pattern.
Safety comes in numbers.
Safety comes in the form of optional ABS, dual front airbags and auto-locking seatbelt retractors.
Safety comes third.
Safety continues as a focus throughout the school year.
Safety continues to be a concern.
Safety continues to be a prime concern.
Safety continues to be a top priority.
Safety continues to be our first priority.
Safety continues to be our top priority.
Safety continues to be the number one priority.
Safety costs a lot of money.
Safety covers for electric plug outlets are in place.
Safety covers over all unused electrical outlets.
Safety Create an attractive, safe environment for pedestrians with adequate lighting.
Safety cut-outs switch off the electrical power if the baffle is lifted off the floor.
Safety defend to a items so reading als snowmobile.
Safety defend to a items so reading north face gear.
Safety delayed is safety denied.
Safety delayed is still safety denied.
Safety demands cooperation on everyone's part.
Safety demands that religions be put in cages, too-when absolutely necessary.
Safety depends on a dose within the therapeutic range.
Safety depends on adequate personnel and procedures.
Safety depends on having the right gear and the right attitude.
Safety depends on knowing what to do long before the moment of crisis comes.
Safety depends on the conduct of students.
Safety depends upon site selection, camouflage, and inaccessibility.
Safety Discuss the safety issues related to cheerleading.
Safety Do no harm.
Safety does come first.
Safety does put people in the spirit.
Safety does require some people to be locked up.
Safety Ensure all aspects of the exhibits are safe.
Safety entails everyone working as a team to maintain good housekeeping standards.
Safety exists in numbers.
Safety features on all our boats include.
Safety features such as bumpers, air bags, and seat belts help protect occupants in an accident.
Safety features such as front suspension, anti-lock brakes, and reflective tires.
Safety features to avoid double conversion.
Safety Filters Back-up safety filters means that work can be completed before filters are changed.
Safety First can supply the entire line of Pelican products.
Safety first dictates that the officers stay together and communicate to minimize surprises.
Safety first is our motto.
Safety first Remember that candles can start fires.
Safety flooring on the wheelchair ramp is made of recycled automobile tires.
Safety Follow all guidelines for safe use of electrophoresis equipment.
Safety Get off the beach during lightning storms.
Safety Get some great safety tips for kids on flying a kite.
Safety gets short shrift as well.
Safety Give the safety handout and lecture.
Safety glazing is a building code requirement that applies to both new and replacement glazing.
Safety goes beyond the protection of data.
Safety goes down.
Safety grips for pool hand rails.
Safety has an open mouth.
Safety has far-reaching effects on individuals and communities.
Safety has first priority on all our projects.
Safety has implications for a project's schedule, cost and level of quality.
Safety has it's cost.
Safety has no quitting time.
Safety has the highest priority.
Safety has to be considered in the context of the risks related to the illness.
Safety has to be our North Star.
Safety has to be paramount.
Safety has to infuse the entire scene, every moment in the workplace.
Safety has to make sense.
Safety has top priority in the mountains.
Safety has very little to do with it.
Safety Have students wash their hands after the activity.
Safety here is most important.
Safety here is much the same as that outlined above.
Safety here is nothing to make light of.
Safety hinge that insures safe operating and allows for easy storage.
Safety hits the bottom line.
Safety implies size.
Safety improves due to the controlled environment.
Safety improves with larger tanks and bottom outlet valves.
Safety improves, too.
Safety includes both the animal patient and the human consumer of the food produced by the animal.
Safety includes freedom from violence and abuse.
Safety includes inspections, playground surfaces, adult supervision, and hand-washing practices.
Safety includes maintaining safe streets in neighborhoods, homes, and businesses.
Safety includes safe coworkers , so obviously safe customers are an essential in safety as well.
Safety includes the visitor, as well as the person visited.
Safety involves a lot of tradeoffs.
Safety involves freedom from danger, risk, or injury.
Safety involves freedom from risk or danger.
Safety involves human affairs as well as hardware and software.
Safety involves many costs.
Safety is a another factor to take into consideration.
Safety is a barometer of our company's success and a measure of our operating excellence.
Safety is a big concern to Ates.
Safety is a big concern, so they also check privately-owned electronic equipment for shipboard use.
Safety is a big concern.
Safety is a big factor.
Safety is a big issue as is affordable tuition, and the reputation of a school's academic programs.
Safety is a big issue.
Safety is a big part of the Seville system.
Safety is a broad concept, meaning different things to different people, depending on the context.
Safety is a business imperative.
Safety is a choice.
Safety is a clear priority at all times.
Safety is a commitment of the entire aviation industry.
Safety is a concept that brings up images of being protected, free from harm.
Safety is a concern and owning a pet is a big responsibility.
Safety is a concern at all times.
Safety is a concern especially with the schoolchildren.
Safety is a concern for all.
Safety is a concern for students and their families studying at a college in the United States.
Safety is a concern in any locality.
Safety is a concern in some cases.
Safety is a concern on all university campuses.
Safety is a concern with combustible reactions.
Safety is a concern with disabled sailors as it is with others.
Safety is a concern worldwide.
Safety is a concern.
Safety is a condition of employment.
Safety is a condition
Safety is a consideration in design and building hovercraft for several reasons.
Safety is a consideration when using firearms or fireworks.
Safety is a continually emerging property of a complex system.
Safety is a cooperative effort requiring a safety consciousness by every employee.
Safety is a core value, and it is never compromised.
Safety is a core value.
Safety is a critical issue in many custody decisions.
Safety is a critically important issue for all scientists.
Safety is a crop that needs to be tended on a regular basis in order to flourish.
Safety is a crucial issue, and it's always in the forefront.
Safety is a factor as well.
Safety is a factor, as well.
Safety is a family affair.
Safety is a first for today's driver.
Safety is a force protection issue and needs to have that level of emphasis.
Safety is a foremost concern.
Safety is a foremost consideration in the evaluation.
Safety is a full-time concern.
Safety is a function of technique for a given individual in a given situation .
Safety is a fundamental and essential part of caring for our people.
Safety is a fundamental ethical consideration .
Safety is a fundamental right of all.
Safety is a fundamental right of children.
Safety is a good thing.
Safety is a growing concern for the people of our industry.
Safety is a growing concern.
Safety is a hallmark of the program.
Safety is a high priority and has been for decades.
Safety is a high priority in chemical based industries.
Safety is a high priority.
Safety is a huge consideration.
Safety is a huge factor in the ice station's existence.
Safety is a key concern.
Safety is a key factor that is considered in the design and operation of traffic signal systems.
Safety is a key factor.
Safety is a key issue in the ever so fast growing sport of hockey.
Safety is a key issue.
Safety is a key objective in all programs and activities.
Safety is a key part of the design.
Safety is a key word in helping to gain funds.
Safety is a leading provider of exam gloves for the dental, medical and industrial user.
Safety is a little farther away and there's more perceived risk.
Safety is a little thinner, but there are still some good football players there.
Safety is a low priority, as the mothballing of rescue equipment indicates.
Safety is a major area of employee education and concern.
Safety is a major concern for most car buyers.
Safety is a major concern for our students and staff.
Safety is a major concern for parents when choosing day care.
Safety is a major concern in using space heaters.
Safety is a major concern, and building it from the ground up is the only way to insure that.
Safety is a major concern.
Safety is a major consideration during annual employee evaluations.
Safety is a major consideration for our employees.
Safety is a major consideration for the public and for employees.
Safety is a major consideration in the class.
Safety is a major consideration when it comes to burning wood as a heat source.
Safety is a major consideration.
Safety is a major criterion in new designs, as well as efficiency for farmers.
Safety is a major focus at all activities.
Safety is a major issue for the department, internally and externally.
Safety is a major part of the training program.
Safety is a major preoccupation.
Safety is a major theme of the tests.
Safety is a marriage of solid technical skills and creative imagination.
Safety is a matter of prevention.
Safety is a motherhood issue.
Safety is a national responsibility.
Safety is a number one priority.
Safety is a paramount concern in reenacting.
Safety is a peculiar business.
Safety is a perception - a sense of personal comfort.
Safety is a personal responsibility.
Safety is a personal thing.
Safety is a player's first concern.
Safety is a point of pride in our industry.
Safety is a precondition.
Safety is a preventative issue.
Safety is a primary and continuous responsibility of each employee.
Safety is a primary concern .
Safety is a primary concern for parents, students, faculty, and student affairs professionals.
Safety is a primary concern in the maintenance, groundskeeping, and lighting on campus.
Safety is a primary concern in the sport of paintball as it is in all sports.
Safety is a primary concern of our trained facilitators.
Safety is a primary concern.
Safety is a primary consideration.
Safety is a primary factor.
Safety is a primary focus for each staff member.
Safety is a primary issue when leaving snags in an active area.
Safety is a primary point of emphasis.
Safety is a primary responsibility and commitment of the college.
Safety is a prime concern and all sessions are supervised by senior military sergeants and officers.
Safety is a prime concern and every precaution is taken to insure a healthy stay.
Safety is a prime concern and senior military sergeants and officers supervise all sessions.
Safety is a prime concern in any molecular biology laboratory .
Safety is a prime concern of all staff.
Safety is a prime concern of the tenants and owners alike.
Safety is a prime concern, but certainly far from the educator s only concern.
Safety is a prime concern.
Safety is a prime consideration and having a dog aboard throws a variable into the safety equation.
Safety is a prime consideration anytime, but is doubly so in cold weather.
Safety is a prime consideration.
Safety is a prime factor in student transportation.
Safety is a prime reason to get direct deposit.
Safety is a priority and is stressed throughout the training.
Safety is a priority and the rally cars conform to strict rally regulation.
Safety is a priority at the university.
Safety is a priority sharing equal status with on-road performance.
Safety is a priority whichever design is chosen.
Safety is a priority.
Safety is a prominent factor in the geometric design of roadways, and is emphasized in the class.
Safety is a property that the run-time system guarantees.
Safety is a relative matter subject to different circumstances, time and place.
Safety is a relative term.
Safety is a responsibility shared by all.
Safety is a responsibility that is important to everyone.
Safety is a serious business.
Safety is a serious issue.
Safety is a serious matter.
Safety is a shared responsibility between governments and the boating public.
Safety is a shared responsibility.
Safety is a sign of efficiency.
Safety is a significant issue on rural highways, particularly in harsh winter conditions.
Safety is a state of mind.
Safety is a strong component of our continuous improvement program.
Safety is a theme in the parade.
Safety is a third factor to consider.
Safety is a top priority at every stage of the process.
Safety is a top priority for any airline but few can match the record and performance of our planes.
Safety is a top priority for club members.
Safety is a top priority for snowmobilers.
Safety is a top priority for the beef industry.
Safety is a top priority in any organization.
Safety is a top priority of Bonus.
Safety is a topic in general meetings as well as safety meetings.
Safety is a topic that benefits everyone.
Safety is a topical issue in the development of fusion reactors.
Safety is a tough sell.
Safety is a two-syllable word that, on a ship, has a two page definition.
Safety is a very important consideration when children use the Internet.
Safety is a very important factor in vehicle design.
Safety is a very important firelog feature.
Safety is a very important issue for young women.
Safety is a very important part of our overall company program.
Safety is a very timely subject.
Safety is a vital part of the camping experience.
Safety is a word that is used to talk about the quality of relationships.
Safety is about efficient systems.
Safety is about letting in.
Safety is absolutely paramount.
Safety is addressed at other regulatory levels separate from health claim applications.
Safety is all about being in control.
Safety is all about people s attitude towards their work.
Safety is all about preparedness.
Safety is all important when it comes to stunts.
Safety is allways a concern as well as maintainence of nature.
Safety is also a big issue for female runner.
Safety is also a big plus in living in a small community.
Safety is also a concern, moss is present on many of the small limbs and branches of a tree.
Safety is also a concern.
Safety is also a factor.
Safety is also a issue with a lot of the youth.
Safety is also a key element of providing a good environment for children.
Safety is also a major factor.
Safety is also always a concern.
Safety is also an important consideration.
Safety is also an issue, the department says.
Safety is also an issue.
Safety is also big concern in the community, especially for school age children.
Safety is also critical in the bathroom.
Safety is also essential.
Safety is also for a concern for operators that are climbing over and about the equipment.
Safety is also important in our profession.
Safety is also important.
Safety is also non-negotiable.
Safety is always a concern for all Internet users.
Safety is always a concern for travelers to Mexico.
Safety is always a concern in the science lab.
Safety is always a concern of our program.
Safety is always a concern when blockers are used.
Safety is always a concern.
Safety is always a consideration when a child is in the kitchen.
Safety is always a crucial aspect.
Safety is always a factor with electric equipment.
Safety is always a factor.
Safety is always a front running concern of educators.
Safety is always a key issue with young families.
Safety is always a major concern during the annual field parties.
Safety is always a major concern.
Safety is always a paramount concern.
Safety is always a primary concern when doing tricks with animals.
Safety is always a prime consideration.
Safety is always a priority.
Safety is always a top priority .
Safety is always a wise investment.
Safety is always an important factor when designing a process such as a coffee maker.
Safety is always an issue.
Safety is always at the forefront of all of our activities.
Safety is always first, for the body and for the mind.
Safety is always first.
Safety is always important.
Safety is always more important than cost.
Safety is always of great concern when working with reptiles.
Safety is always of paramount concern.
Safety is always of primary importance.
Safety is always of the utmost importance.
Safety is always on the minds of the crew.
Safety is always our number one priority.
Safety is always our primary concern, because volcanoes can be dangerous places.
Safety is always our primary concern.
Safety is always our top priority.
Safety is always paramount when dealing with young athletes.
Safety is always paramount when there is a baby around.
Safety is always part of an enjoyable, quality hunt.
Safety is always primary to authenticity with a drawn sword.
Safety is always something well beyond the first thing to be considered.
Safety is always the basis of our judgment.
Safety is always the first concern in any project.
Safety is always the first concern.
Safety is always the first consideration when allocating resources.
Safety is always the first consideration when working with animals.
Safety is always the first goal of a trip.
Safety is always the first priority in handling any firearm.
Safety is always the most important consideration.
Safety is always the primary consideration of members.
Safety is always the top priority for the burn.
Safety is always very important.
Safety is an absolute requirement when dealing with nuclear weapons.
Safety is an absolutely vital consideration in every evolution - including routine ones.
Safety is an activity that can be planned.
Safety is an additional property of such devices.
Safety is an attitude, one complemented by developing skills and good judgement.
Safety is an attitude, safety is never to be compromised, safety saves lives.
Safety is an attitude.
Safety is an automatic.
Safety is an economical measure.
Safety is an essential aspect of child care.
Safety is an essential part of all climbing programs.
Safety is an essential part of the entire adventure program.
Safety is an extremely important consideration when using propane.
Safety is an extremely important issue that is taken into consideration on the shuttle system.
Safety is an illusion.
Safety is an important aspect of waste disposal.
Safety is an important concept, a value.
Safety is an important concern at the subsystem design level.
Safety is an important concern for bikers of all ages.
Safety is an important concern throughout the proceedings.
Safety is an important concern.
Safety is an important consideration for people with neuropathy.
Safety is an important consideration for people with sensation or movement difficulties .
Safety is an important consideration in all welding, cutting and related work.
Safety is an important consideration in choosing materials.
Safety is an important consideration in the design of transit stations.
Safety is an important consideration in the fit-out of any installation.
Safety is an important consideration to everybody.
Safety is an important consideration when working with any fireworks.
Safety is an important consideration where cords are involved, particularly in homes with children.
Safety is an important consideration.
Safety is an important factor for both the circulation of vehicles and pedestrian traffic.
Safety is an important factor in water exercising.
Safety is an important factor too.
Safety is an important factor when producing and marketing children's toys.
Safety is an important issue as it is extremely dark during star gazing.
Safety is an important issue in fireworks manufacture, distribution and display.
Safety is an important issue with heating equipment.
Safety is an important issue.
Safety is an important job skill that employers require and reward.
Safety is an important objective.
Safety is an important part of fun, successful tesla coiling.
Safety is an important part of the training.
Safety is an important part of wind tunnel and rotorcraft testing.
Safety is an increasing concern with fragrance chemicals.
Safety is an in-depth study of the evolution of safety features in the American automobile.
Safety is an inherent part of an efficient, professional organization.
Safety is an integral part of the program.
Safety is an investment in our employees.
Safety is an issue also.
Safety is an issue as well.
Safety is an issue for workplace morale.
Safety is an issue on the canal.
Safety is an issue that's often over looked but is a consideration in all design and operation.
Safety is an issue to consider.
Safety is an issue when keeping meats and salads.
Safety is an issue which confronts any pool owner.
Safety is an issue, as is quiet.
Safety is an issue, there are no sidewalks and visibility is poor.
Safety is an issue, too.
Safety is an issue.
Safety is an on-going concern to every aspect of daily life.
Safety is an ongoing process.
Safety is an underlying principle in all the clubs activities.
Safety is an utmost concern.
Safety is and has always been the guiding operational concern for the unit.
Safety is another aspect worked on by the company.
Safety is another attraction for domes.
Safety is another benefit.
Safety is another big medical bonus.
Safety is another boast.
Safety is another concern for parents who want their children inside where they are safe.
Safety is another concern that was identified.
Safety is another concern.
Safety is another consideration.
Safety is another factor in getting to treatment centers.
Safety is another factor.
Safety is another important benefit.
Safety is another important consideration.
Safety is another important factor.
Safety is another issue that accompanies drinking.
Safety is another issue.
Safety is another key issue for homeless women.
Safety is another main concern for a few of the smaller organizations.
Safety is another major concern.
Safety is another matter to which the experts wish to draw attention.
Safety is another positive aspect.
Safety is another purpose for the bus turn-around.
Safety is another reason that people bring their yen.
Safety is another reason they only work one-lane streets.
Safety is another thing to keep in mind.
Safety is another top issue.
Safety is another, especially for the youngest children.
Safety is another.
Safety is areas.
Safety is as essential as the three R's.
Safety is as important in driving a vehicle as in handling a firearm.
Safety is assumed if the risk quotient is below the threshold.
Safety is assumed.
Safety is assured because the knee is locked.
Safety is assured by having both preventative measures and emergency procedures in place.
Safety is assured if the sum of the absolute values of the terms is finite.
Safety is assured in our communities due to the absence of violence, gangs, and weapons.
Safety is assured through approved industry construction standards, equipment and techniques.
Safety is assured when one is free from danger.
Safety is assured with ribbed rubber matting on large stable platform.
Safety is assured, as all pets are required to be current on vaccines.
Safety is at stake.
Safety is at the core of all of our work but so are profits.
Safety is attitude.
Safety is based on common sense.
Safety is better also.
Safety is better in numbers.
Safety is better than speed.
Safety is big business.
Safety is built into the tactics.
Safety is by far the most important Internet issue.
Safety is close behind reliability as a crucial consideration.
Safety is common sense, plain and simple.
Safety is common sense.
Safety is complete.
Safety is compromised if construction occurs with kids around.
Safety is compromised when heavy carry-ons fall out of the overhead bins, they say.
Safety is compromised.
Safety is concern one as our track record demonstrates.
Safety is conditions.
Safety is confidence.
Safety is constantly emphasized, say company owners.
Safety is constantly updated training.
Safety is contentment.
Safety is corporate commitment.
Safety is created by predictability, and predictability is created by consistent behaviors.
Safety is critical when dealing with potentially harmful refrigerants.
Safety is critical, no margin for error.
Safety is critical.
Safety is critically important.
Safety is crucial because motorcycles lack crashworthiness and occupant protection.
Safety is crucial in the laboratory.
Safety is crucial, and there are quite a few physiological concerns in the sport.
Safety is cumulative.
Safety is defined as the ability of the firm to withstand adversity.
Safety is definitely a problem.
Safety is designed in.
Safety is designed into every product.
Safety is designed into our products with reference to the most stringent international standards.
Safety is discussed as well.
Safety is discussed at each construction meeting and regularly at project manager's meetings.
Safety is discussed throughout.
Safety is drilled into our head constantly, but accidents still happen.
Safety is each guide's first concern.
Safety is emphasized and introductory level information is presented.
Safety is emphasized and rules are strictly enforced.
Safety is emphasized as a factor to influence site design choices.
Safety is emphasized as the most important factor to considered when taking care of others.
Safety is emphasized at all times, and so is the well-being of the horse.
Safety is emphasized at all times.
Safety is emphasized by showing the students how each machine operates and how to use it safely.
Safety is emphasized in all aspects of training.
Safety is emphasized in both papers.
Safety is emphasized throughout each tape.
Safety is emphasized throughout the book, and the use of mentors is encouraged.
Safety is emphasized throughout the course and is an ongoing part of each component of the program.
Safety is emphasized throughout the course.
Safety is emphasized throughout.
Safety is emphasized with each presentation.
Safety is emphasized with every lesson.
Safety is emphasized, as is a thorough and gradual development of skills.
Safety is emphasized, with riding helmets required.
Safety is emphasized.
Safety is enforced when schools and police develop strong partnerships.
Safety is engineered into all facets of pipeline design, construction and operation.
Safety is enhanced by allowing the operator to view and fire any device at a safe distance.
Safety is enhanced by allowing the operator to view and launch rockets at a safe distance.
Safety is enhanced by dual air bags, remote keyless entry, foglamps and an anti-theft system.
Safety is enhanced by the computer aided blending of three separate braking systems.
Safety is enhanced through a new, recently opened control tower.
Safety is enhanced while the drudgery of various types of farm work is reduced.
Safety is enhanced.
Safety is ensured by totally enclosing the blade in a plastic housing.
Safety is ensured in the imaginative realm of play.
Safety is equally important.
Safety is equated with control.
Safety is essential when playing paintball.
Safety is essential when working with fireplaces.
Safety is essential.
Safety is ever more important, and yet it is a subject for controversy.
Safety is every individual's responsibility, every day.
Safety is everybody s responsibility.
Safety is everybody's business.
Safety is everybody's priority, but passengers also care about delays.
Safety is everyone s job.
Safety is everyone s responsibility.
Safety is everyone, the whole team being safe.
Safety is everyone's business.
Safety is every-ones concern.
Safety is everyone's concern.
Safety is everyone's individual responsibility.
Safety is everyone's job.
Safety is everyones problem.
Safety is everyone's responsibility - employers and employees.
Safety is everyone's responsibility, from the lowest ranking soldier to the task force commander.
Safety is everyone's responsibility.
Safety is everyones responsibility.
Safety is everyone's responsiblilty, and is essential to everyone's enjoyment.
Safety is exercised around the use of current test equipment.
Safety is expensive, but a child is priceless.
Safety is extremely important when using natural gas.
Safety is extremely important when working in a laboratory.
Safety is extremely important when working with chemicals.
Safety is far in the past.
Safety is featured in the orientation and housing handbooks that students receive.
Safety is first and foremost in all areas of programing.
Safety is first and foremost in any of our programs.
Safety is first and foremost on our minds.
Safety is first and foremost when it comes to operating a work boat on the large rivers.
Safety is first and foremost.
Safety is first.
Safety is for everyone young and old.
Safety is foremost in everyone's mind.
Safety is foremost in the minds of all fire personnel.
Safety is foremost on all builds, so dress safely with sturdy boots if possible.
Safety is foremost.
Safety is found in the middle.
Safety is frequently on the mind of the flying public.
Safety is gained by that simplicity, and little is lost.
Safety is gained in stealth and forces projected on the long arc of precision-guided weapons.
Safety is gained in stealth, and force is projected on the long arc of precision-guided weapons.
Safety is gained in stealth.
Safety is given a priority.
Safety is given consideration, but only within the context of other goals being satisfied.
Safety is given highest priority, however with any activity there are inherent risks.
Safety is given priority consideration.
Safety is given top priority.
Safety is goals.
Safety is good business, both for employers and employees.
Safety is good business.
Safety is good for people and good for business.
Safety is good.
Safety is hard to measure.
Safety is if of the most importance.
Safety is imperative.
Safety is important And safety can be fun.
Safety is important both on and off the road.
Safety is important for children who live on the farm.
Safety is important here.
Safety is important in the family car market.
Safety is important in the garden.
Safety is important to all who engage in equestrian sports.
Safety is important to any propulsion system.
Safety is important to everyone.
Safety is important to prevent the risk of injury.
Safety is important to responsible owners and operators of rotary mowers.
Safety is important to the travelling public.
Safety is important when cooking meat, though.
Safety is important when it comes to guinea pig playtime.
Safety is important when using a grill.
Safety is important when venturing into the woods.
Safety is important, but it is a group responsibility that all participants share equally.
Safety is important.
Safety is improved because nothing actually has to make contact with the door before it reverses.
Safety is improved when there are more people on campus.
Safety is in numbers.
Safety is in the details.
Safety is in their best interest.
Safety is increased by awareness.
Safety is integral.
Safety is integrated into all work practices and reinforced in our behaviours and attitudes.
Safety is Issue Number One in Flight Training.
Safety is job one.
Safety is judged by considering how a medicine works and prior experience.
Safety is judged.
Safety is just a buckle away.
Safety is just one of the issues that pro and anti-light rail advocates debate.
Safety is key concern.
Safety is key in any home.
Safety Is Key Like anything else, there are some a few things to look out for when shopping online.
Safety is key to a good time.
Safety is key to participation in paddlesports.
Safety is key to preserving our most precious resource.
Safety is key, as well as challenging their minds.
Safety is key.
Safety is learned and learning comes from training.
Safety is least critical during the acceleration portion of the trail platoon s trajectory.
Safety is less a concern than f.i. in Central America.
Safety is like a chain-only as strong as the weakest link.
Safety is like morality and pregnancy.
Safety is likely to be a casualty of the bottom line.
Safety is listed first for a practical reason.
Safety is located in footballs.
Safety is located in homes.
Safety is located in numbers.
Safety is located in rifles.
Safety is made from recycled rubber that is processed into pea size nuggets.
Safety is maintained by inspecting the integrity of the guards prior to use and during operation.
Safety is managed at all levels of management.
Safety is maximized.
Safety is measured as an equal business component.
Safety is measured in terms of how much a person is exposed to per kilogram of body weight.
Safety is more and more becoming a top priority.
Safety is more appealing for parents and caregivers.
Safety is more important .
Safety is more important on a long trip than a short one.
Safety is More Important Than Ever.
Safety is more important than happiness.
Safety is more important than some traditions.
Safety is more in the everyday interaction with students, teachers and staff.
Safety is more than just the absence of errors.
Safety is most important when it comes to racing.
Safety is much more important than fresh paint or class size.
Safety is much more.
Safety is naturally a paramount concern.
Safety is neither an add-on concern nor an optimized issue.
Safety is never a concern.
Safety is never an afterthought.
Safety is never perfect.
Safety is no accident .
Safety is no accident.
Safety Is no accident.
Safety Is No Accident.
Safety is no joke at Southwest, though, which has the best record in the industry.
Safety is no joking matter at the airport and it is no place for bad jokes.
Safety is no longer an after thought.
Safety is no longer an overhead function, no longer someone else s responsibility.
Safety is no longer simply a matter of common sense.
Safety is No.
Safety is non-negotiable.
Safety is nothing more, in the end, than good, common sense.
Safety is now a major concern shared by the entire maritime community.
Safety is now among the most important concerns in the family car market.
Safety is now everyone s responsibility.
Safety is now something people want and expect in an automobile.
Safety is now the top priority.
Safety is number one priority.
Safety is number one.
Safety is obtained by investing in high quality instruments.
Safety is obviously first and foremost, because without safety, none of the other stuff is possible.
Safety is obviously paramount.
Safety is of aramount concern.
Safety is of course always relative.
Safety is of critical importance.
Safety is of great concern in all laboratories which contain varying degrees of hazards.
Safety is of great concern.
Safety is of our utmost concern.
Safety is of overriding importance.
Safety is of paramount concern at all times.
Safety is of paramount concern during every recovery operation.
Safety is of paramount concern to the managers.
Safety is of paramount concern to the trucking industry.
Safety is of paramount importance at the school.
Safety is of paramount importance in a heating emergency.
Safety is of paramount importance in the laboratory.
Safety is of paramount importance in the science classroom.
Safety is of paramount importance to everyone on the range and it is our top priority.
Safety is of paramount importance when using home generators.
Safety is of paramount importance with any prescribed burn program.
Safety is of paramount importance, especially where exterior decoration or ladder work is concerned.
Safety is of paramount importance.
Safety is of particular importance in transport and connects with the economic and health agendas.
Safety is of primary concern in designated hazardous work areas.
Safety is of primary concern.
Safety is of primary consideration.
Safety is of primary importance.
Safety is of prime importance during all activities.
Safety is of prime importance.
Safety is of supreme importance.
Safety is of the first importance.
Safety is of the utmost concern.
Safety is of the utmost importance at all times.
Safety is of the utmost importance in cowboy shooting.
Safety is of the utmost importance when purchasing a cage.
Safety is of the utmost importance.
Safety is of the utmost priority in all work situations.
Safety is of upmost importance.
Safety is of utmost concern to key interests along the corridor.
Safety is of utmost concern.
Safety is of utmost consideration when working with youth.
Safety is of utmost importance here.
Safety is of utmost importance in the laboratory.
Safety is of utmost importance when using the gas-powered trimmer.
Safety is of utmost importance.
Safety is often a driving force behind the innovations.
Safety is on the agenda of every regular quality meeting.
Safety is one advantage, limiting expansion of the freeway's corridor is another.
Safety is one area that has received considerable attention.
Safety is one aspect of life, but another is enjoyment of life.
Safety is one concern.
Safety is one essential element of Hypertext.
Safety is one issue.
Safety is one of our highest priorities.
Safety is one of our main objectives.
Safety is one of our most important factors when transporting passengers.
Safety is one of our prime concerns.
Safety is one of our priority items within our command structure.
Safety is one of our top concerns.
Safety is one of our top priorities.
Safety is one of the biggest issues the inspectors look at during the evaluations.
Safety is one of the driving forces for the proposed interstate.
Safety is one of the foremost concerns in today's float tubes.
Safety is one of the major concerns for the driver and the passenger while travelling.
Safety is one of the major concerns in the design of the moving mechanisms.
Safety is one of the most important aspects of our business.
Safety is one of the most important considerations when buying a family vehicle.
Safety is one of the most important things to consider when buying a cage.
Safety is one of the most important things to consider when purchasing a new vehicle.
Safety is one of the most sought after features in an automobile.
Safety is one reason larger vehicles are more preferable to families than smaller ones.
Safety is one.
Safety is only with their screening knowledge.
Safety is our biggest concern.
Safety is our business .
Safety is our business.
Safety is our company's top priority.
Safety is our concern, all towables come with an owners manual.
Safety is our concern.
Safety is our first and foremost concern.
Safety is our first and most important concern.
Safety is our first concern and mouthpieces are a safety issue.
Safety is our first concern with no special skill or conditioning required.
Safety is our first concern, but a strong second is to provide students with a good education.
Safety is our first concern, consequently our safety record is second to none.
Safety is our first concern.
Safety is our first consideration when allocating our resources.
Safety is our first consideration.
Safety is our first goal, followed by top quality services.
Safety is our first priority in designing and manufacturing our products.
Safety is our first priority.
Safety is our foundation for success.
Safety is our greatest concern.
Safety is our highest priority .
Safety is our highest priority for both employees and the residents who live near our plants.
Safety is our highest priority.
Safety is our highest transportation priority.
Safety is our keyword.
Safety is our main concern.
Safety is our most important priority.
Safety is our number one concern .
Safety is our number one concern at all times.
Safety is our number one concern for our children on and off base.
Safety is our number one concern.
Safety is our number one goal, next to having fun and surfing.
Safety is our number one goal.
Safety is our number one issue.
Safety is our number one objective.
Safety is our number one priority and all our fireworks shows are timed to perfection.
Safety is our number one priority and in the forefront of all lessons.
Safety is our number one priority during the whole time.
Safety is our number one priority.
Safety is our number-one objective.
Safety is our number-one priority.
Safety is our only mission, and accomplish it through our five divisions.
Safety is our overiding consideration when removing hazardous waste from any environment.
Safety is our police.
Safety is our predominant concern.
Safety is our primary concern in the chemistry laboratory.
Safety is our primary concern.
Safety is our primary consideration.
Safety is our primary factor.
Safety is our primary priority in all rope events.
Safety is our prime concern.
Safety is our prime objective.
Safety is our prime priority in nuclear power development.
Safety is our priority and our pilots are experienced throughout the state of Alaska.
Safety is our priority in any adventure sport .
Safety is our priority.
Safety is our top concern.
Safety is our top consideration.
Safety is our top priority .
Safety is our top priority resulting in an excellent safety record.
Safety is our top priority, first to personnel then to flight hardware.
Safety is our top priority.
Safety is our uppermost importance as well as having fun.
Safety is our utmost concern and our systems are of the highest caliber.
Safety is our utmost priority.
Safety is our way of life and a standard of excellence.
Safety is overseen by one pool attendant, and groups are encouraged to enjoy themselves.
Safety is paramount .
Safety is paramount and faculty and staff are here to keep students safe.
Safety is paramount and technology is geared to it.
Safety is paramount and the paths are clearly marked.
Safety is paramount at all times.
Safety is paramount at every campus work site.
Safety is paramount for every demonstration.
Safety is paramount from the design stage through to installation.
Safety is paramount in reloading.
Safety is paramount in the design.
Safety is paramount in the laboratory.
Safety is paramount in the underground world.
Safety is paramount of course.
Safety is paramount on the slickly packaged three-hour tour.
Safety is paramount where our younger customers are concerned.
Safety is paramount, and thus they sometimes come across as doubting, suspicious, or meddling.
Safety is paramount, of course.
Safety is paramount, with divers having to take full responsibilities for their actions.
Safety is paramount, with one of the lowest crime rates in the nation.
Safety is paramount.
Safety is part of basic training in the laboratory.
Safety is part of our everyday life.
Safety is particularly important.
Safety is period.
Safety is poor.
Safety is presented in terms of acceptable risk and analyzed through legal case studies.
Safety is preserved.
Safety is pretty obvious.
Safety is primary and safe leaving involves a plan.
Safety is probably the biggest concern with students.
Safety is proper equipment.
Safety is provided by eliminating possible ignition sources.
Safety is pushed aside to give the fans more thrills.
Safety is really important.
Safety is really the watchword of modern military operations.
Safety is reduced and driving hazard increased.
Safety is relative and a risk vs. benefit basis is used.
Safety is relative.
Safety is reported as the number and types of complications and reoperation encountered.
Safety is rewarded.
Safety is scores.
Safety is so important that instructors inject a lesson in their weekly skits for guests.
Safety is something most travelers take for granted.
Safety is something that extends beyond baby-sitting and social organizations.
Safety is something that kids are still concerned about.
Safety is still a big concern for the club.
Safety is stressed - the basics are covered.
Safety is stressed and backup equipment is in place for each step down.
Safety is stressed at all times in and out of the truck.
Safety is stressed at all times.
Safety is stressed at every staff meeting.
Safety is stressed for every operation.
Safety is stressed in every step of training.
Safety is stressed in the dialogue.
Safety is stressed through out the book.
Safety is stressed throughout all courses.
Safety is stressed throughout the book, both while diving and when handling the gun in detail.
Safety is stressed throughout the book.
Safety is stressed throughout the course.
Safety is stressed throughout the entire program.
Safety is stressed throughout the program.
Safety is stressed throughout.
Safety is stressed with campers in each activity area, as well.
Safety is stressed with campers in each activity area.
Safety is stressed, especially for observing solar eclipses.
Safety is stressed.
Safety is success.
Safety is such a lovely topic.
Safety is suddenly a preoccupation.
Safety is survival.
Safety is taken much more seriously then it appears from the cavalier attitudes.
Safety is takes very seriously here.
Safety is taught and emphasized throughout the course.
Safety is taught as it applies to machine tool processes.
Safety is taught before and during ongoing projects.
Safety is taught in all courses as it applies to the task or work area.
Safety is terrible.
Safety is the absence of danger of harm or injury.
Safety is the area s highest priority.
Safety is the basis of everything.
Safety is the bigger concern.
Safety is the biggest concern.
Safety is the card which is played to get the deeper political and economic issues on to the table.
Safety is the concern of everyone involved at every level of the sport.
Safety is the concern.
Safety is the cootie wootie.
Safety is the cornerstone in the performance of all hospital work.
Safety is the cornerstone of all company operations.
Safety is the dog's responsibility.
Safety is the driving force behind after-prom parties.
Safety is the driving force in every move and has developed a list of safety parameters.
Safety is the false sanctuary of innocent imagination.
Safety is the first and foremost concern.
Safety is the first concern of any occupant.
Safety is the first concern.
Safety is the first consideration on every course.
Safety is the first consideration when using the Internet.
Safety is the first duty to consider in any occupation or task.
Safety is the first priority .
Safety is the first priority here.
Safety is the first priority, the most important aspect of our work.
Safety is the first priority.
Safety is the first rule.
Safety is the foremost concern of drivers and supervisors.
Safety is the foremost concern of the guide and operators.
Safety is the foremost concern.
Safety is the foundation for quality instruction.
Safety is the foundation upon which the success of the industry is built.
Safety is the goal.
Safety is the greatest concern of the stalking victim.
Safety is the hallmark of freedom from fear, while well-being is the target of freedom from want.
Safety is the highest priority.
Safety is the issue.
Safety is the key element in pesticide storage.
Safety is the key element involved in the project.
Safety is the key factor.
Safety is the key issue here and that is strongly pushed during labs.
Safety is the key issue.
Safety is the key term here, which puts anabolic-androgenic steroids out of the running.
Safety is the key to a productive workforce.
Safety is the key to enjoying any adventure outing.
Safety is the key to having a good time.
Safety is the key to true relaxation.
Safety is the key word at our field.
Safety is the key.
Safety is the least of their worries until there's an accident.
Safety is the main advantage of a simulated experiment over a real-world experiment.
Safety is the main concern of the program.
Safety is the main concern when training saw operators to use their equipment.
Safety is the main concern.
Safety is the main issue raised by critics of the genetic engineering of life forms.
Safety is the main issue.
Safety is the major concern.
Safety is the major consideration in the final determination of a car s legality.
Safety is the major issue here.
Safety is the mission behind many walks.
Safety is the most basic privilege that Emory students possess.
Safety is the most important aspect in racing.
Safety is the most important aspect of hunting.
Safety is the most important aspect of intentional jumping.
Safety is the most important aspect of our training program.
Safety is the most important aspect of student transportation.
Safety is the most important aspect of the therapeutic lesson program.
Safety is the most important aspect to remember.
Safety is the most important concern.
Safety is the most important consideration in any military-training operation.
Safety is the most important consideration when planning a project.
Safety is the most important consideration when selecting toys.
Safety is the most important consideration with the Outside Mount for obvious reasons.
Safety is the most important entity in plant and refinery operations.
Safety is the most important feature when looking at helmets.
Safety is the most important goal in conducting clinical trials.
Safety is the most important issue.
Safety is the most important part of any job.
Safety is the most important priority for law enforcement.
Safety is the most important thing in our industry.
Safety is the most important thing to keep in mind when getting a tattoo.
Safety is the most important thing.
Safety is the most importnat word in the general aviation vocabulary.
Safety is the most valuable commodity in what has become kown as the postmodern condition.
Safety is the next most valued concern.
Safety is the nuclear energy industry s top priority.
Safety is the nuclear energy industry's top priority.
Safety is the number one attitude for every sensible pilot.
Safety is the number one concern in all of our cities.
Safety is the number one concern of the flying public.
Safety is the number one concern of the program.
Safety is the number one concern.
Safety is the number one factor in organizing an effectiveness work environment.
Safety is the number one factor in using garden tools.
Safety is the number one issue when teaching a horse to lay down.
Safety is the number one issue.
Safety is the number one priority during all cleanups.
Safety is the number one priority for all hands .
Safety is the number one priority for our abroad programs.
Safety is the number one priority in any school.
Safety is the number one priority in the laboratory.
Safety is the number one priority.
Safety is the number one transportation priority of the department.
Safety is the number-one concern when climbing.
Safety is the only consideration.
Safety is the overriding concern in that evaluation process.
Safety is the paramount issue.
Safety is the personal or societal acceptance of a given risk.
Safety is the primary concern in all operations and is everybody's responsibility.
Safety is the primary concern in determining appropriate altitude.
Safety is the primary concern of every ladder user.
Safety is the primary concern of the District.
Safety is the primary concern.
Safety is the primary consideration for teamwork in the field.
Safety is the primary consideration in all fast chases.
Safety is the primary consideration in deciding to hold or close school.
Safety is the primary criteria in establishing the location of bus stops.
Safety is the primary factor in every laboratory activity.
Safety is the primary focus at every level of the organization, every minute of every day.
Safety is the primary function of a radiotelephone aboard a boat.
Safety is the primary issue.
Safety is the primary reason for requiring permits.
Safety is the primary reason why speeds are lowered.
Safety is the prime concern during an emergency evacuation.
Safety Is the prime concern for any fine art move.
Safety is the prime directive.
Safety is the prime goal in building construction.
Safety is the prime responsibility of both driver and pupils.
Safety is the priority.
Safety is the problem.
Safety is the product being sold in the ad.
Safety is the property that the set of answers for a given query is finite.
Safety is the recurring theme.
Safety is the responsibility of all employees.
Safety is the responsibility of each bus rider under the supervision of the driver.
Safety is the responsibility of each fisherman.
Safety is the responsibility of every cyclist.
Safety is the responsibility of everyone involved in the workplace.
Safety is the responsibility of everyone on the field.
Safety is the responsibility of everyone.
Safety is the responsibility of more than just one person or group.
Safety is the responsibility of the competitor who competes at their own risk.
Safety is the responsibility of the student.
Safety is the second way in which the meat industry is failing to listen to customers.
Safety is the single greatest concern and gets a great deal of the board's attention.
Safety is the sole responsibility of the owner.
Safety is the starting point, the first and necessary condition for victims' healing and recovery.
Safety is the student employee s most important responsibility.
Safety is the top priority for Canada's nuclear industry.
Safety is the top priority.
Safety is the ultimate concern.
Safety is the ultimate thing.
Safety is the very purpose of a city.
Safety is the veterinarian's most important concern.
Safety is the watchword of modern military operations.
Safety is the watchword of the day.
Safety is the watchword, as participants choose their level of challenge.
Safety is the whole reason rules exist.
Safety is their top priority.
Safety is therefore, an essential element of commercial success.
Safety is too important to allow it to be neglected.
Safety is top priority.
Safety is totally the responsibility of any group or individual training.
Safety is truly everyone's job.
Safety is ultimately the responsibility of individual students.
Safety is uncertain.
Safety is undoubtedly one of the key points raised by the use of nuclear power.
Safety is up to current premium sedan standards, with dual front and side air bags.
Safety is uppermost and all riders are led, with tiny ones steadied by a parent.
Safety is used for football games.
Safety is usually the most important issue for a victim.
Safety is utmost importance here.
Safety is very high on the list of concerns that consumers have when choosing a new car.
Safety is very important as the hot water can give severe burns.
Safety is very important in a business, and documentation is important to the nursing profession.
Safety is very important in any workplace.
Safety is very important in paintball.
Safety is very important in turkey hunting.
Safety is very important on school buses.
Safety is very important on underwater locations.
Safety is very important to car racing.
Safety is very important when conducting class labs.
Safety is very important when riding.
Safety is very important.
Safety is yet another concern.
Safety is, and always has been, the number one priority of the aviation industry.
Safety is, of course, a loaded word.
Safety is, of course, a major concern.
Safety is, of course, a primary consideration.
Safety isa condition.
Safety just makes good business sense.
Safety latch an inter switch shutoff motor automatically when lid is opened during operation.
Safety latches on cabinets where poisonous materials are stored.
Safety latches on drawers with knives or on cupboards with chemicals.
Safety leads to success.
Safety Learn about safety online and offline.
Safety lies in diversification of the diet, and danger attends restric- tion.
Safety lies in keeping to middle lines.
Safety lies in numbers.
Safety lies in the doorway.
Safety lies in writing one's own materials and giving proper credit for the sources that are used.
Safety lug to prevent dropping of load.
Safety Make space travel as safe as today s air travel.
Safety makes good business sense, and can generate big dollar savings.
Safety makes sense in other ways as well.
Safety makes the memory even better.
Safety means carrying the right equipment.
Safety means freedom from injury and health risks.
Safety means guarding against damage to a machine, tools, and materials, as well as people.
Safety means occupational safety in general.
Safety means protecting the user's mail.
Safety means savings Most states allow discounts on workers comp premiums for good safety records.
Safety means staying in one's place.
Safety measures the school had instituted included security cameras and secured entrances.
Safety Meets all current requirements.
Safety mount to electric or manual seats.
Safety needs . . .
Safety Needs .
Safety needs according to developmental level.
Safety needs to be a top concern, especially when young people in the family are assigned the task.
Safety needs to be closely monitored and regularly reevaluated.
Safety needs to be looked at much closer.
Safety needs to be there.
Safety needs to play a major role in our plights against opression.
Safety needs to the number one priority.
Safety never enters into the equation.
Safety Never erect or remove an antenna near to or under electricity transmission lines.
Safety Never look directly at the beam from the projector.
Safety Never shine a light of any kind, including flashlight or flashbulbs, toward the helicopter.
Safety Never touch head while machine is operating or right after use.
Safety Never touch kettle right after use.
Safety Note Keep all liquids away from the students' eyes and mouths.
Safety Notes Our new bi-level cars are similar in design to our existing cars.
Safety now is presented as the first topic at all meetings.
Safety now precedes health, reflecting the importance of safety issues in the workplace.
Safety objectives Criteria for comparing and judging measure of or adequacy.
Safety objectives Criteria for comparing and judging measures for adequacy.
Safety Pay attention to the spacing of the bars.
Safety pays for the driver as well as the pedestrian and the school students.
Safety pays for workers, employers and stockholders.
Safety pertains to how one handles a material.
Safety pin the towel to the bar.
Safety plays a big part when working with power tools.
Safety plays an essential role in foundry work.
Safety plays an important part in the service and the equipment is maintained by trained mechanics.
Safety positively impacts morale, productivity and quality.
Safety probably starts with health.
Safety Promote safe, enjoyable canoeing.
Safety provides bottom line benefits as well.
Safety provides for maximum use of parks and facilities.
Safety pull cord switches.
Safety ranks as the most important aspect of airline services.
Safety ranks number one when it comes to operating a submarine.
Safety Read the introduction to the lab manual, as it contains important safety information.
Safety really does begin at home.
Safety really means taking the time and making the effort to do the job correctly.
Safety refers to the apparent stability of social, economic, and political conditions.
Safety regarding human infection is even more troubling.
Safety relates to contraindications and possible interactions.
Safety relates to freedom from hazard, risk, or injury.
Safety relates to various dimensions of physical, social and psychological well being.
Safety relies on an integrated system of people, equipment, and procedures.
Safety remains a concern when traveling through the forest.
Safety remains a primary concern of current and potential bicycling commuters.
Safety remains an important issue.
Safety remains an issue during the post-prom hours.
Safety remains our foremost objective.
Safety remains our number one affair.
Safety remains our number one priority.
Safety remains our top priority.
Safety remains the big hurdle for the technique.
Safety remains the commanders program.
Safety remains the cornerstore of any retirement plan.
Safety remains the top priority of project officials.
Safety remains to be the most important issue.
Safety Remember to practice safe swimming procedures.
Safety requires an absolute commitment from all levels of staff.
Safety requires that transit operators keep the front door area clear.
Safety requires the continual exploration of meaning.
Safety Responding to emergencies can be hazardous.
Safety saves all around.
Safety seem hynes volume granting increasing managing baggage bedford manner barclays.
Safety set with screw on and push off backs they are safe to wear without worry.
Safety starts in the classroom.
Safety starts on the farm.
Safety starts with a clean windshield and clear dash.
Safety starts with awareness.
Safety still depends on the bridge operator s judgment.
Safety stop collar.
Safety stop countdown.
Safety stop pinch points and toe guard.
Safety stops at upper and lower end of heater scale.
Safety suddenly becomes more important.
Safety supports for children are crucial.
Safety switches for limiting travel of the horizontal crossbeam.
Safety switches for machines with inertia.
Safety switches on the doors prevent motion of the robot if the doors are left open.
Safety switches with reset.
Safety takes a back seat to profit.
Safety takes a back seat.
Safety takes precedence over all else.
Safety takes precedence over all operational concerns.
Safety takes precedence over expediency.
Safety takes precedence over time, money, production, work schedule and individual priorities.
Safety takes priority over being on schedule.
Safety tends to become something folks take for granted.
Safety there is very relative.
Safety therefore is paramount, both for the protection of the public and of our Members.
Safety Think about occupational health issues.
Safety Think, too, about other safety concerns.
Safety tie down chains required on motor.
Safety Traveling Tips Get some tips for a safer hilday or business trip.
Safety treads on stairs are safer than carpeting.
Safety ultimately depends upon the attitudes of the drivers.
Safety unquestionably is our most important concern.
Safety Use a tool with a safety on the firing mechanism.
Safety Use safe procedures to protect eyes, hands, and mouth.
Safety Valve A safety relief valve is installed in the first tank the air compressor pumps air to.
Safety valves .
Safety valves for photosynthesis.
Safety valves in combination with busting disks.
Safety Wash hands after handling organisms.
Safety When used properly, flamers provide effective weed control.
Safety when using anhydrous ammonia is a primary consideration.
Safety Works safely in all aspects of job.
Safety always begins with prevention.
Safety Always bring warm clothing.
Safety always comes first in the lab.
Safety always comes first on trek.
Safety always comes first.
Safety Always follow the safety instructions in the manufacturer's instruction manual.
Safety Always inspect parts for cracks, heat fractures, discoloring.
Safety always is the top priority on a mountain that can turn ferocious in a matter of minutes.
Safety Always keep the gun pointed in a safe direction.
Safety always lies in truth.
Safety Always plan passing lines in same direction.
Safety always supersedes fly neighborly procedures.
Safety always supersedes noise abatement patterns.
Safety Always use an appropriate child restraint when in a car.
Safety Always wear a helmet.
Safety Always wear racquetball goggles when playing.
Safety often is learned from experience.
All safety features to protect equipment and operator are easily accessible.
Many safeties are simple enough for children to navigate, researchers say.
A safflower is a herb
Safflower develops slowly at first, when weed control is most critical.
Safflower failing to meet birdseed standards enters the oilseed crushing market.
Safflower helps with post childbirth pains, stiffness and pain in joints, and internal bleeding.
Safflower is a well-suited oilseed for most of north central and eastern Montana.
Safflower is relatively free from insect damage.
Safflower is the most concentrated source.
Safflower is the most polyunsaturated oil.
Safflower yield generally increases in yield linearly as available water is increased.
Safflowers aids a sluggish liver.
Safflowers are a good source of chromium and essential fatty acids.
Safflowers are also a natural nutritional aid for the digestive system.
Safflowers are also natural nutritional aid for the digestive system.
Safflowers are herbs.
Safflowers are plants.
Safflowers is excellent for the digestive system, especially the liver and gall bladder.
Saffron is a seasoning
Most saffron comes from Spain and some comes from Cornwall.
Most saffron is used as a spice in cooking.
Safrole toxicity niehs .
Sag Harbor abounds with history and nostalgia.
Sag Harbor does boast an impressive literary history.
Sag Harbor express.
Sag Harbor has a second personality as a retirement village.
Sag wagons are near at hand for the inevitable mechanical problems.
A sag is an imprint
Sag also represents the long-range visions of travel.
Sag control allows guitarists to adjust voltage sag, or power amp distortion.
Sag increases slightly on hot days and decreases slightly on cold days.
Sag is a bit gun-shy of being committed, tied down or spoken for.
Sag is a problem.
Sag is a real cut-up, too.
Sag represents the whole range of the prominent culture.
Sag support and rest stops.
Sags also have a great temper.
Sags also reduce the efficiency and life span of electrical equipment, particularly motors.
Sags also reduce the efficiency and life span of electrical equipment.
Sags also reduce the efficiency and life span of the connected equipment.
Sags also reduce the efficiency and lifespan of electrical equipment.
Sags are a short-term decrease in the voltage level.
Sags are also a lucky bunch, thanks to Jupiter's golden glow.
Sags are depressions.
Sags are much shorter in duration, lasting from a fraction of a second up to several seconds.
Sags can cause computers and other sensitive equipment to malfunction or simply shut off.
Sags refer to a reduction in the voltage, while swells deal with a voltage increase.
Sags refer to a reduction in the voltage, while swells deal with an increase.
Sags refer to a reduction in the voltage, while swells refer to an increase.
Sags then tries a piledriver onto the empty place between the apron - it kinda works.
Any sag is in the same sense as the existing curvature of the focal surface.
Saga magazine has one million subscribers, which makes it the second-largest subscription magazine.
Saga also provides a wide variety of desserts from fruits to baked goods to ice cream.
SAGA concentrates on both customer service and promotion.
SAGA honors some of the leading writers in the current mythic revival.
Saga is a heroic account of accomplishments.
Saga is a Japanese medical doctor.
Saga is a story
Saga is adventure stories.
Saga is next to Fukuoka.
Saga is stories.
Saga offers a vast variety of options to choose from on a daily basis.
Every saga has a beginning . . .
Every saga has a beginning.
Sagacious conjecture is very different from Scripture prediction.
Sagacious living is the way to prosperity.
A sage grouse is a grouse
Sage grouse are a popular game bird.
Sage grouse are big birds, with some males approaching eight pounds.
Sage grouse are big birds.
Sage grouse are extremely sensitive to changes in their environment.
Sage grouse are highly selective grazers, choosing only a few plant genera.
Sage grouse are North America's largest grouse, with adult males weighing up to eight pounds.
Sage grouse are the largest of North American grouse and are sexually dimorphic.
Sage grouse are the most abundant upland game bird.
Sage grouse have one of the lowest recruitment rates of any upland game bird in North America.
Sage grouse occur year around.
Sage grouses are grouses.
Sage oil has antispasmodic qualities, it also serves as an effective relaxant and sedative.
Most sage oil is found in the leaves.
Sage software is the global leader in mid-market financial solutions.
A sage is a herb
Sage accounts add-ons, electronic catalogues, direct mail and databases of all kinds.
SAGE also coordinate the issue of a quarterly newsletter.
SAGE appreciates any amount of time and energy committed to the feminist cause.
Sage burns nearby in an oyster shell.
Sage calls out, as they all instinctually hit the ground anyways.
Sage contains estrogenic substances that help relieve discomforts such as hot flashes.
SAGE contains references to popular journals.
SAGE controls night-sweats, stomach cramps and gas.
Sage decreases the perspiration from hot flashes and eliminates night sweats.
Sage designs high performance display processors used in digital displays.
SAGE even has evaluation built into the legislation.
SAGE gratefully acknowledges the support of the following organizations and individuals.
Sage grows well in almost any soil but requires good drainage and full sun.
SAGE helps to prepare students become part of an ever changing world.
SAGE is yet another in a widening field of adventure game systems.
SAGE looks at sunsets and examines the absorption of radiation by ozone in the atmosphere.
SAGE maintains no religious affiliation.
SAGE moves the grid points to the most accurate locations.
Sage offers competitive corporate web hosting plans for small to large businesses.
SAGE posses astringent and antispasmodic properties.
Sage presents to many organizations and educational forums.
SAGE promotes better use of library journal resources and quick access to journal contents.
SAGE provides a productive outlet for one's creative, intellectual, and social energies.
SAGE provides accident investigations, reconstruction, photography, and diagrams.
SAGE provides authors with online access to their final article.
SAGE provides information on solvent and process alternatives.
SAGE publishes a pamphlet series, including to date policies and job descriptions.
Sage publishes many works produced by evaluation experts.
Sage reduces excessive sweating and it contains plant estrogens.
SAGE reserves the right to cancel any class with insufficient enrollment.
Sage snoozes on the bed.
Sage stands for the virtue of the bride.
Sage steeped in apple juice lends an interesting flavor.
SAGE then lists all of the titles alphabetically.
Sage tolerates cold winters and is suitable for cultivation in Montana.
SAGE tries to provide a one-stop place for a variety of parts.
Sage works on the sinus congestion.
Sage works well, but so does basil, oregano or thyme.
Sages appear no different from ordinary people, yet indeed they are.
Sages aptly compare it with the ending of a bad dream.
Sages are herbs.
Sages are just like other men.
Sages are mentors.
Sages call it by various names.
Sages care only for their work, which they accomplish.
Sages chuckle and smile knowingly.
Sages experience life by expressing themselves and sharing information.
Sages express and communicate.
Sages have messages, but no teachings, advice but no teachings.
Sages like to clown, literally and figuratively.
Sages like to dress colorfully as part of their enjoyment of being the center of attention.
Sages love knowledge, which they share with large groups of people.
Sages love to appear on stage and receive applause.
Sages make the best office gossips and joke-tellers as well as the best office communicators.
Sages obey the logical sequences, so punishments are clear and the people accept.
Sages reduce problems to their essence and in the process create an ingenious ideas.
Sages shrug it off and go on with business as usual.
Sages stay behind, thus they are ahead.
Sages use the spiritual way to establish education, and all the world accepts.
Many sages have culinary and medicinal herbal uses.
Most sage can survive the winter and is deer resistant, making it a favorite in gardens.
Most sages are good honey plants.
Most sages consider the area nothing more than an uninteresting wilderness.
A sagebrush buttercup is a wild flower
Sagebrush buttercup is common throughout many habitat types and plant communities.
Sagebrush buttercup is most often a constituent of early seral communities.
Sagebrush buttercups are wildflowers.
Sagebrush buttercups follow receding snow pack.
Sagebrush communities are the most widespread of vegetation communities on public rangelands.
A sagebrush lizard is a spiny lizard
Sagebrush lizards are reptiles.
Sagebrush lizards are small, reclusive, and extremely quick.
Sagebrush lizards eat a wide variety of insects.
Sagebrush rebellion sizzles.
A sagebrush is a bush
Sagebrush grows on dry, porous soils.
Sagebrush grows on the open slopes, and dense riparian vegetation down in the canyon.
Sagebrush grows on the open slopes, and the canyon is full of riparian vegetation.
Sagebrush takes decades to regenerate, and bare land can easily be overtaken by noxious weeds.
Sagebrushes are members of the sunflower family.
Some sagebrush is natural.
Sagehen outfielders prepare for the pitch.
Sagemont pool is free.
Sagged ships get the wedges under the bow and stern.
Saggy birch depends on ground water or flooded terrain .
Sagital suture is in anteroposterior diameter, right or left occipito-anterior or posterior.
A sagitta is a chaetognath
Sagitta bridges the gap between high technology expertise and understandable business propositions.
Sagitta focuses on providing high performance storage and storage area networking solutions.
Sagitta is fully compliant also.
Sagitta is superimposed on a bright portion of the Milky Way.
Sagitta is very small constellation that is in the shape of an arrow.
Sagittas are constellations.
Sagittal sections are parallel to the median plane.
Sagittal sections follow from one side of the body to the other - left to right, or right to left.
Sagittarian colors are maroon, tan, navy, orange, and cobalt blue.
Sagittarian condoms are the sportier models.
Sagittarian men are committed, sporty and loyal.
Sagittarian people are impatient, but they arealso generous and optimistic.
Sagittarian people have a ready wit and appreciate the humour in even the grimmest of situations.
Sagittarian women are cheerful, optimistic, active, and whimsy.
Sagittarian women love taking care of their house, their garden and their family.
Sago fronds are glossy, deep green, and long lasting.
A sago palm is a cycad
Sago palms are cycads.
Sago palms are good container plants and can be grown in the house, patio or garden.
Sago palms are palms.
Sago palms are slow growing, magnificent plants.
Sago palms are true palms.
Sago pit is one of the most common food in tropical poor countries.
Sago pondweed is made up of long, thread-like leaves that spread out like a fan.
Sago pondweed is one of the most important sources of food for waterfowl in North America.
A sago is sugar
Sagos are more tolerant of watering conditions than many of the rare cycads.
Sagos much prefer to be on the dry than the wet side.
Saguaro branches provide homes.
Most saguaro branches provide homes.
Most saguaro cacti grow feet.
Most saguaro cacti grow in deserts.
Some saguaro cacti bear edible fruit.
Some saguaro cacti grow in pots.
Some saguaro cacti have leaves.
Some saguaro cacti produce delicate flowers.
Some saguaro cacti produce delicate white flowers.
Some saguaro cacti produce white flowers.
Saguaro cacti grow feet.
Saguaro cacti grow in deserts.
Saguaro cacti live for years.
Saguaro cacti produce seeds.
Saguaro cactus abounds standing tall against the backdrop of the enormous mountain range.
Saguaro cactus attracts the animals or the insects with nectar.
Saguaro cactus can survive from desert well, because it can store massive amount of water.
Saguaro cactus grow very slowly.
Saguaro flowers provide nectar.
Most saguaro flowers provide nectar.
Some saguaro flowers provide food.
Saguaro fruit possesses benefits.
Saguaro fruit possesses health benefits.
Saguaro fruit possesses various health benefits.
Most saguaro fruit possesses benefits.
Most saguaro fruit possesses health benefits.
Most saguaro fruit possesses various health benefits.
A saguaro is a cactus
Saguaro are very tall.
Saguaro grow very slowly and the giants are over two hundred years old.
Saguaro have barrel-shaped bodies with peripheral stems called arms.
Saguaro isa cactus.
Saguaros bloom in early summer.
Saguaros bloom in summer.
Saguaros grow from seeds.
Saguaros have (part) cell membranes.
Saguaros have (part) cells.
Saguaros have (part) corpi.
Saguaros have (part) cytoplasm.
Saguaros have (part) nuclei.
Saguaros have (part) plasma membranes.
Saguaros have (part) sections.
Saguaros have (part) vacuoles.
Saguaros have branches.
Saguaros have feet.
Saguaros have spines.
Saguaros require water.
Saguaros to survive drought.
Saharan horizons tend to appear infinite.
Saharan jackals are a possible distinct species of jackal.
Saharan isa language.
Sahreware versions are free and allow gamers to play via the internet.
Sahuaro Ranch preserves one of the Valley's oldest and finest homesteads.
A sahuaro is a cactus
Saguaros are a very slow growing cactus.
Saguaros are bellwether indicators of the health of the ecosystem.
Saguaros are easy to damage, hard to kill.
Saguaros are good examples of the temporary, ever-changing nature of plant distributions.
Saguaros are popular for landscaping.
Saguaros are prey to a variety of ills besides bad weather.
Saguaros are unique cacti.
Saguaros are vulnerable to bacteria and yeast infections.
Saguaros bear white flowers and an edible fruit.
Saguaros begin as tiny black seeds, shed by the tens of thousands every year by each mature cactus.
Saguaros can live for several centuries.
Saguaros can live nearly two hundred years.
Saguaros can occasionally develop in a grossly distorted way, termed mostrose growth.
Saguaros die from different causes at different sizes.
Saguaros do best on bajadas gently sloping outwash plains at the foot of desert mountains.
Saguaros grow slowly from seed, never from cuttings.
Saguaros have a relatively long lifespan.
Saguaros have an invisible root system that is multiples of the visible height of the cacti.
Saguaros loom in stark profile above the baked earth.
Saguaros make their own food with soaked-up water and carbon dioxide.
Saguaros provide habitat for several animals.
Saguaros provide high rise dormitories for a number of desert dwellers.
Saguaros provide nesting habitats for birds and small mammals.
Saguaros remain vulnerable to environmental damage throughout their lives.
Saguaros reproduce in infrequent, periodic surges when a set of complex conditions are met.
Saguaros soak up the rainwater and visibly expand.
Saguaros take a very long time to grow.
Saguaros tend to favor bajadas, large plains which are gernally flat but mildly sloping.
Saguaros thrive on desert slopes and flats.
Many Saguaros have several large arms curving to the sky in a unique pattern.
Many saguaros show extensive scars from life in the desert.
Most saguaros grow from seeds.
Most saguaros have branches.
Most saguaros have feet.
Most saguaros have spines.
Most saguaros require water.
Some saguaros adapt to desert habitats.
Some saguaros adapt to habitats.
Some saguaros adapt to subtropical habitats.
Some saguaros grow in containers.
Some saguaros have arms.
Some saguaros have fruit production.
Some saguaros have lower fruit production.
Some saguaros have lower production.
Some saguaros have production.
Some saguaros have stamens.
Some saguaros produce crops.
Some saguaros produce fruit.
Some saguaros produce juicy fruit.
Some saguaros produce red fruit.
Some saguaros produce red juicy fruit.
Some saguaros produce seeds.
Saibari dances encompass a variety of styles, including sword and mask dances.
SAIC employees receive nine or ten paid holidays.
SAIC TV is run collaboratively by student staff and volunteers working with a faculty advisor.
Said paper is the output of an ostensibly free and unemcumbered press.
Said sale is made for the purpose of paying the debts of said deceased.
Saiga antelope are a migratory species that inhabit the steppes of central Asia.
Saiga antelope has long, thin legs but is similar in size to a sheep.
Saiga antelope is a priority species .
Saiga antelopes are herbivores.
Saiga antelopes are regular grazers and they readily feed on herbs, shrubs, lichens, and grasses.
Saiga antelopes are valued for their fur, meat, and horns.
Saiga antelopes drink from a lake outside Almaty, Kazakhstan.
Saiga antelopes have habitats.
Saiga antelopes have legs.
Saiga antelopes have short tails.
Saiga antelopes have tails.
Saiga antelopes have thin legs.
Most saiga antelopes have habitats.
Most saiga antelopes have legs.
Most saiga antelopes have short tails.
Most saiga antelopes have tails.
Most saiga antelopes have thin legs.
Some saiga antelopes die from bacterial infection.
Some saiga antelopes die from infection.
Saiga is a very fast animal.
Saiga isa antelope.
Saigas adapt to diets.
Saigas have (part) brains.
Saigas have (part) breasts.
Saigas have (part) cannon bones.
Saigas have (part) cell membranes.
Saigas have (part) cells.
Saigas have (part) chest cavities.
Saigas have (part) chests.
Saigas have (part) corpi.
Saigas have (part) cytoplasm.
Saigas have (part) ears.
Saigas have (part) faces.
Saigas have (part) heads.
Saigas have (part) hip sockets.
Saigas have (part) hoofs.
Saigas have (part) nuclei.
Saigas have (part) piluses.
Saigas have (part) plasma membranes.
Saigas have (part) rib cages.
Saigas have (part) second stomachs.
Saigas have (part) sections.
Saigas have (part) skulls.
Saigas have (part) sterna.
Saigas have (part) vacuoles.
Saigas have legs.
Saigas have thin legs.
Saigas live in steppes.
Some saigas have biomass.
Some saigas have chances.
Some saigas have horns.
Saiidi tea is often black even in liquid form.
Sail boats are available on Great Slave Lake for charter or package tours.
Sail boats are boats.
All sail boats take shelter, if they make it.
SAIL technology is about making it more easy to communicate.
SAIL technology is definitively such an opportunity.
SAIL training continues to be in high demand.
SAIL workers can help with general upkeep, make safety modifications and build wheelchair ramps.
Sail covers, lots of spare ropes, etc.
Sail isa piece.
Sails also employ spars and battens to determine shape in the axis perpendicular to the mast.
Sails are a durable synthetic material, pre-stained and screened.
Sails are a super serious choice for racing and fun sailing check their web site.
Sails are amazing pieces of equipment.
Sails are capable of raiseds.
Sails are fussy feeders, and usually require the bait to be dropped back when they strike.
Sails are good.
Sails are great fighters.
Sails are in excellent condition.
Sails are in really good shape and are still crisp.
Sails are off-white cotton.
Sails are part of sailboats.
Sails are part of sailing vessels.
Sails are replaceable.
Sails are structures.
Sails are tan canvass.
Sails are tan terylene with three reefing points.
Sails are unimportant.
Sails are used in sailing.
Sails assure steadiness, safety and, again, silence.
Sails can be bent on and tried for size, and the engine and other systems can be run up and tested.
Sails can be our wings to freedom.
Sails catch wind.
Sails derive power from wind that varies in time and with height above the surface.
Sails fill and the boat leans.
Sails fill with wind.
Sails get in the way of the wind, which has force, making the wind push the ship.
Sails go up almost immediately upon departure from the dock.
Sails hanging across the ceiling add a brightness to the room.
Sails have (part) hems.
Sails have (part) sections.
Sails have differences.
Sails have important differences.
Sails have shapes.
Sails have to be changed or trimmed, just as with a human crew.
Sails head over heels into the place.
Sails luff in the placid air.
Sails move extremely fast.
Sails perform well across or down-wind, with reaching capability.
Sails propel the boat in one of two ways.
Sails resist forces.
Sails resist gravitational forces.
Sails seem to fit best with lightweight science probes to distant locales.
Sails serve functions.
Sails serve purposes.
Sails slack as rags.
Sails stay neater and cleaner and live much longer.
Sails unfurl from three booms on each mast, with a crow's nest on the aft mast.
All sails are like new.
All sails are roller furling for ease of handling.
All sails are weather dependant.
All sails have a number of battens which terminate at the mast sleeve.
All sails have UV protection and sail covers.
Every sail becomes a race against weather, waves and current.
More sail means more power and higher boat speeds.
Most sails fill with wind.
Most sails have differences.
Most sails have important differences.
Most sails have shapes.
Most sails resist forces.
Most sails resist gravitational forces.
Most sails rip for two reasons.
Most sails serve functions.
Most sails serve purposes.
Some sails are lateen while others are sloop rigged.
Some sails have a zipper along the foot for the same purpose.
Some sails have ropes.
Sailboat charters are available and group outings are held.
Sailboat charters are available but seats are limited so reservations are recommended.
Sailboat charters are available.
Most sailboat manufacturers seem to treat auxiliary power as an afterthought.
Sailboat racing is both art and science.
Sailboat racing is taken very seriously in the East Bay.
Sailboat racing is the core our class, and winning is the reason for racing.
Sailboat racing requires team members to develop individual skills.
A sailboat is a sailing ship
Sailboat isa craft.
Sailboat railing Here is a variation on the fish railing above.
Sailboats also require some simple attention as warm weather approaches.
Sailboats are a compromise.
Sailboats are another popular craft on the lake.
Sailboats are another specimen of aerodynamic engineering.
Sailboats are available for rent but the next best thing is a ferry boat ride.
Sailboats are boats.
Sailboats are completely wind powered and operate the same as the full size.
Sailboats are faster, less fragile, and more fun.
Sailboats are located in lakes.
Sailboats are located in sea.
Sailboats are of excellent quality and skippers, cooks, etc., are available.
Sailboats are on all the labels which have been winning label awards for many years.
Sailboats are part of regattas.
Sailboats are sailing vessels.
Sailboats are the best value.
Sailboats are the favorite means of gliding on the lake.
Sailboats are vehicles.
Sailboats are wonderful subjects for wide-angle lenses.
Sailboats bob serenely.
Sailboats bobbing on the bay are visible from corner offices in one of the buildings.
Sailboats come and go in the water below, and ships plow the far horizon.
Sailboats dot nearby waters with colorful sails of yellow, blue, and red.
Sailboats dot the horizon.
Sailboats drift by as the winds gust off the water.
Sailboats flit, tiny white slivers on the great grey expanse of the Hudson Bay.
Sailboats float quietly on Lake Bemidji.
Sailboats generally are only fast across the wind.
Sailboats glide across the bay.
Sailboats glide along, the Green Mountains of Vermont in the distance.
Sailboats glide by.
Sailboats glide through the blue waters near the town docks as sea gulls float overhead.
Sailboats have (part) anchors.
Sailboats have (part) bases.
Sailboats have (part) hems.
Sailboats have (part) hulls.
Sailboats have (part) masts.
Sailboats have (part) ribs.
Sailboats have (part) rider plates.
Sailboats have (part) rudder blades.
Sailboats have (part) sections.
Sailboats have a lot in common.
Sailboats have another wing under the water called a keel .
Sailboats have masts.
Sailboats have sails.
Sailboats have the right of way over motorboats unless they are the overtaking vessels.
Sailboats have the right of way over powerboats.
Sailboats have the thruster installed at the bow.
Sailboats heel in the breeze, kicking up foam at the bow.
Sailboats make wonderful escapes.
Sailboats provide brief cruises off Honolulu to full-day charters along the North Shore.
Sailboats race around the piers.
Sailboats rely on the wind, so operational costs are relatively low.
Sailboats remain at harbour.
Sailboats start to head ashore.
Sailboats start to heel.
Sailboats utilize both true wind and apparent wind.
Sailboats always land on the leeward side of a pier.
Sailboats often anchor in the protected harbor just off the beach.
Sailboats often make good rowboats.
All sailboats are a compromise of some sort.
Most sailboats are monohulls, meaning that they have a single hull floating the boat.
Most sailboats have engines for their doldrums.
Most sailboats require a bow stand with a vee top to prevent the bow from dropping forward.
Some sailboats carry food.
Sailcut CAD produce a sail design package that can be downloaded free for non-commercial purposes.
All sailfin dragons require ultraviolet lighting to maintain good health.
Sailfin mollies are diploid.
Sailfish action continues to be up and down.
Sailfish racks are also available.
A sailfish is a bony fish
Sailfish appear outside the reef.
Sailfish are coastal fish that are caught along the deep edges of reefs.
Sailfish are dark blue on the back with a white or silvery underside.
Sailfish live in ocean waters throughout much of the world.
Sailfish live in warm seas around the world.
Sailfishs are fish.
Sailfishs are saltwater fish.
A sailing boat is a sailing ship
Sailing boat refers to shipping.
Sailing boats are boats.
Sailing boats are for the export.
Sailing boats race for trophies.
Sailing boats race towards distant markers.
Sailing classes are also available in nearby Newport Bay.
Sailing classes are on Long Island Sound.
Sailing clubs are another option in the Honolulu area.
A sailing ship is a vessel
Sailing ships are always good subjects for photographs.
Sailing ships are sailing vessels.
Sailing ships are ships.
Sailing ships depend on a crew working together and using their various talents.
Sailing ships dot the oceans, symbolizing trade and worldwide access to goods and markets.
Sailing ships navigate the waters.
Every sailing ship is built to do a different job and has, therefore, different characteristics.
Most sailing ships have between one and three mast but some have four.
A sailing vessel is a vessel
Sailing vessels are vessels.
Sailing vessels extend mooring lines back to the base of the mast, remove and stow all sails.
Sailing vessels show the official gun rate in parentheses.
Many sailing vessels add a decorative note.
Sailing yachts are also available.
Sailing yachts are far more popular, and common, than powerboats.
Sailing yachts are motor driven and also have a full compliment of sails.
A sailing is work
Sailing already has some terrific production partnerships in place.
Sailing are boating.
Sailing are competitive sports.
Sailing are departures.
Sailing are fun.
Sailing are some.
Sailing are sports.
Sailing barely registers in the ratings books.
Sailing becomes a pure escapist pursuit.
Sailing becomes varsity sport.
Sailing brings a peaceful settling to the soul.
Sailing brings out the best of appetites.
Sailing builds physical and personal skills.
Sailing can be a relaxing romantic cruise.
Sailing can be almost like flying.
Sailing can be competitive on race days.
Sailing can be competitive or relaxed, exacting or slow paced.
Sailing can be just for pleasure or competitive.
Sailing can be very complex, but with teamwork it can be accomplished with ease.
Sailing can be very social or very independent for any person, male or female, small or large.
Sailing currently operates as a club sport.
Sailing develops skills and confidence that inspire teamwork and camaraderie.
Sailing feels like the right way to be on the river.
Sailing finds in Spain fertile breeding ground.
Sailing has a phenomenal demographic and no delivery system.
Sailing has many alluring qualities.
Sailing has some very good health benefits.
Sailing has the America's Cup.
Sailing has too much equipment to worry about.
Sailing has traditionally been a male-dominated sport, they all say.
Sailing helps the disabled recover their lives.
Sailing here is characterized by steady winds, moderate seas, and fair weather.
Sailing includes a wide range of boat types.
Sailing involves pushing and pulling boats, ducking under hard booms and occasionally falling in.
Sailing is a big part of our trips and can be catered to needs.
Sailing is a breeze with the standard furling genoa and full battened main with lazyjacks.
Sailing is a clean sport.
Sailing is a coed sport, but there are regattas during the year for women only, as well.
Sailing is a communication-intensive sport.
Sailing is a competitive sport combining the elements wind and water.
Sailing is a cultured art.
Sailing is a dangerous activity with inherent risks.
Sailing is a family activity- families are encouraged to attend.
Sailing is a favorite activity, and snorkeling and scuba diving are popular as well.
Sailing is a favorite pastime, fresh seafood almost an obsession.
Sailing is a game, and like all games, rules are what define the edges.
Sailing is a good sport.
Sailing is a great metaphor for life.
Sailing is a great sport, with nice images and an healthy image.
Sailing is a little like newspapering in that respect.
Sailing is a parenthetic sport.
Sailing is a pastime that many believe is only available to the wealthy.
Sailing is a peaceful escape .
Sailing is a performance oriented activity.
Sailing is a popular activity on Utah and the Great Salt Lake.
Sailing is a popular activity.
Sailing is a popular local activity on the Ottawa River.
Sailing is a popular pastime in the British Virgin Islands.
Sailing is a popular past-time for residents.
Sailing is a popular sport in New Zealand and always attracts a significant audience.
Sailing is a popular summer sport, enjoyed around the world.
Sailing is a prime opportunity to expose young people to the ocean environment.
Sailing is a recreation that is enjoyed by people of all ages and backgrounds.
Sailing is a science and art.
Sailing is a sort of poetry.
Sailing is a sport for all and a sport for life.
Sailing is a sport kids can enjoy right away - and for the rest of their lives.
Sailing is a sport that can be enjoyed by people of all ages.
Sailing is a visual sport.
Sailing is a way of life for which there is no substitute.
Sailing is a weather dependent sport.
Sailing is a wonderful metaphor for teamwork.
Sailing is a wonderful sport that offers the challenge to sail better.
Sailing is about being interdependent.
Sailing is absorbing, exciting and intellectually rewarding.
Sailing is accessible, affordable, integrated and inclusive.
Sailing is adventure, but it also is beauty and peace.
Sailing is all about going slow.
Sailing is almost unique as an outdoor activity that minimizes rather than accentuates disability.
Sailing is also a competitive sport.
Sailing is also a fun way to spend the day on Flathead Lake.
Sailing is also a major sporting event, with many yachts and boats available island wide.
Sailing is also a popular summer pastime on the lake.
Sailing is also a skill.
Sailing is also common, as are pristine white sand beaches.
Sailing is also more possible for more people now from the standpoint of seasickness.
Sailing is also old-fashioned.
Sailing is also very popular and allows visits to other islands.
Sailing is also very popular.
Sailing is always a relaxing experience.
Sailing is an arcade, strategy, simulation, and educational game all rolled into one.
Sailing is an art.
Sailing is an ever-expanding sport.
Sailing is an excellent sport for kids.
Sailing is an excellent vehicle to learn self confidence and dependability.
Sailing is an invigorating, strenuous, and enjoyable sport.
Sailing is an Olympic sport.
Sailing is another sport that has captured the hearts of our campers.
Sailing is as much a mental sport as it is physical.
Sailing is at the top of the list.
Sailing is available in some boats while in others sails are for decorative purposes.
Sailing is available to all members every day of the year.
Sailing is based entirely upon the wind.
Sailing is both serene and exciting.
Sailing is capacity controlled and subject to availability.
Sailing is cool.
Sailing is done either in the flat water lagoon or else on the open sea.
Sailing is easier in open boats, and drop-in rowing units can be used in most open doubles.
Sailing is easy and forgiving with constant, gentle winds, a dependable sun, and plenty of warmth.
Sailing is environmentally friendly.
Sailing is feasible year-round here, due to the consistent wind and mild climate.
Sailing is flat, with very little heel at any speed, and an easy motion in waves for comfort.
Sailing is for anyone, the rich or the poor.
Sailing is for everyone.
Sailing is fun.
Sailing is half art, half science and half luck.
Sailing is in a big lagoon, protected by a reef.
Sailing is in danger to losing market share to other sports.
Sailing is just one ingredient, but the main ingredient.
Sailing is just the bottom line, like adding up the score in bridge.
Sailing is made risky by frequent rocky ledges just below the water line.
Sailing is more consuming than skiing, more difficult.
Sailing is more dangerous than flying, but at least there is time to pray before it is all over.
Sailing is more of a memory game than a maze, because there are no dead ends.
Sailing is more than a sport, it's a lifestyle.
Sailing is much like flying, and from the birth of our race men have been charmed by it.
Sailing is no exception.
Sailing is no longer a sport that can separate itself from the world of media.
Sailing is now on and reckoned to be a popular morning, especially the time spent on the speedboats.
Sailing is one of the four Olympic sports spectators can watch free of charge.
Sailing is one of the great pleasures of a city built on peninsulas and islands.
Sailing is one of the leisurely passions of Black.
Sailing is our passion.
Sailing is perfectly preposterous, but uncompromisingly deadpan.
Sailing is popular along the coast.
Sailing is popular and there is a bareboat yacht charter fleet.
Sailing is popular in the protected waters of the Great Sound and Little Sound.
Sailing is popular, as is canoeing on tributary streams.
Sailing is possible along coast.
Sailing is possible along the coast.
Sailing is possible from Redwood City harbour.
Sailing is probably the sport with the longest history.
Sailing is punctuated with lots of other fun activities.
Sailing is quick and dependable with a kick-up rudder for easy beaching.
Sailing is quiet.
Sailing is really a great way to get about and even a better way to see world.
Sailing is really fun, though.
Sailing is recognized as one of the most relaxing forms of recreation available.
Sailing is SAFE providing one follows the common sense safety rules.
Sailing is simple.
Sailing is social.
Sailing is something the whole family enjoys.
Sailing is still more fun and more exciting anyhow.
Sailing is still possible at many inland and coastal venues.
Sailing is such a great experience.
Sailing is such fun.
Sailing is than just the summit of pleasure.
Sailing is the best there is in life.
Sailing is the popular local pastime and open regattas are held in summer.
Sailing is their best medal winning sport .
Sailing is their best medal winning sport.
Sailing is top priority now.
Sailing is truly a team sport.
Sailing is very much a part of Dubai's rich maritime tradition.
Sailing is very popular on the lake.
Sailing is very popular, both around the coast and inland.
Sailing is wonderful, but there are steeply rising sand beaches here on the Atlantic.
Sailing is, after all, one of the last refuges of wholesome family fun.
Sailing Join the adventure of sailing through Lake Michigan.
Sailing knows no boundaries.
Sailing makes every occasion into a special experience.
Sailing needs a better image on the old set.
Sailing needs considerable financing to get to the next levels to improve the sport.
Sailing normally occurs on the Indiana side.
Sailing offers a chance to meet people who enjoy the water.
Sailing offers a lifetime of enjoyment and learning.
Sailing offers adventure, relaxation and a closeness with nature.
Sailing overhead are ravens, hawks, golden eagles, swallows, and nearby, buzzing hummingbirds.
Sailing produces a unique feeling of freedom and lasting memories.
Sailing promises special family times that are sure to create lasting memories.
Sailing related photos, win.
Sailing requires complex tactical thinking coupled with athletic ability.
Sailing requires teamwork.
Sailing seems to be inherited here through the generations.
Sailing well begins with learning the basics.
Sailings are also available one way back to America as well.
Sailings are frequent.
Sailings are hourly or every second hour.
Sailing often takes place in lovely settings.
Many sailings have on-board interpretive programs run by naturalists.
Most sailing is done on a club basis.
Most sailing is done on our West Coast dry lakebeds found in California, Nevada and Eastern Oregon.
Most sailing is done short handed.
Most sailing requires only moderate physical strength .
Some sailing already have limited availability.
Some sailings are full two months or more in advance.
Sailivary glands are present in birds and well developed in species which consume dry food.
A sailmaker is a maker
Sailmakers are makers.
Sailmakers love babystays.
Many sailmakers also sell furling and reefing systems.
Most sailmakers recommend frequent rinsing with fresh water.
A sailor is a skilled worker
Sailor answers all the questions asked.
Sailor applies paint to wall surface.
Sailor comes ashore after a long sea voyage.
Sailor fear Forehead outside no seventy in few cinema.
Sailor fly fishing reels.
Sailor is available in public libraries throughout the state.
Sailor isa worker.
Sailor needs to know.
Sailor raises deserter.
Sailor relate inside an thieves or descend florida state poster.
Sailors also act as die roll modifiers in combat.
Sailors also find it handy to gauge wind speed and direction.
Sailors also have the option of being issued a pager for their move.
Sailors also like the way it handles.
Sailors apparently learn nothing from such a menial task.
Sailors are a special breed.
Sailors are always hungry for the latest news and sports, especially when deployed.
Sailors are always ready to learn.
Sailors are capable of row boats.
Sailors are capable of sail boats.
Sailors are capable of sail ships.
Sailors are faced with a weight dilemma because heavy crew is needed only half the time.
Sailors are in canoe clubs in New York, Ohio and California.
Sailors are interesting lot especially in their own boats.
Sailors are located in oceans.
Sailors are located in ships.
Sailors are often on their own for food and other essentials.
Sailors are people.
Sailors are responsible for the safety of the boats and their crew.
Sailors are skilled workers.
Sailors are smart.
Sailors are the best people to work with.
Sailors are the toughest audiences to get a real belly laugh from.
Sailors are workers.
Sailors are, after all, people.
Sailors be vigilant and aware.
Sailors begin to line the deck of the Wisconsin before it arrives in Norfolk.
Sailors believe that killing one brings bad luck.
Sailors bring in girls, and girls attract trade.
Sailors bring seeds.
Sailors build a strong future, explore a larger world and embrace responsibility.
Sailors can also land to conquer ports, after their defenders have been eliminated.
Sailors can be conservative, leaning toward a glorification of the old.
Sailors can bring their own food and sleeping bags, or everything can be provided.
Sailors can choose among forty-two modern marinas.
Sailors can do a lot to improve things, starting with educating themselves.
Sailors can excel on enlisted evaluations by excelling in the essential elements of demanding jobs.
Sailors can expect to use different equipment at the different centers.
Sailors can help to identify potential new recruits.
Sailors can launch four jets a minute from the ship in emergencies.
Sailors can now use a toll-free hotline to check on the status of their DITY move claims.
Sailors can pretty much eat whatever they want when they want, wherever they want.
Sailors can seek recognition for acts of valor performed in combat during the Vietnam conflict.
Sailors can take any board on the rack.
Sailors can use the flags to spell out words.
Sailors can visit academic advisors at the offices for advice on which degree path to choose.
Sailors choose when, how, and for what purpose they want to pursue education.
Sailors come from all over to add their colours to the Bay.
Sailors compete at every level from notice to championship racing.
Sailors consider all their options on the self-service buffet.
Sailors control the ship's every movement from about a dozen large computer screens.
Sailors deserve nice accommodations.
Sailors desire wind.
Sailors do every day of the year.
Sailors do it ad nauseam.
Sailors do, in fact, swear and the coarseness of their humor is an historical fact.
Sailors drown in a flooding engine room.
Sailors eat diets.
Sailors end up being a ping-pong ball between detailers and spouses in the process.
Sailors enjoy a friendly game of poker on the mess deck.
Sailors enjoy a reach in the Atlantic on a perfect fall afternoon.
Sailors entering the nuclear field receive extensive, high-tech training.
Sailors fill the local bars when a carrier docks at the base for repairs.
Sailors fold their arms across their chests with hands touching the upper chest or shoulders.
Sailors get free dental care at military dental clinics while they are on active duty.
Sailors get one for winning a race, two for second and three for third.
Sailors get one point for first place, two for second and so on.
Sailors get one point for first, two for second, and so on.
Sailors get one point for winning a race, two for second, three for third and so on.
Sailors Get Out .
Sailors get to discard their worst three finishes from their scores at the end of the regatta.
Sailors go to sea.
Sailors have (part) arms.
Sailors have (part) body substances.
Sailors have (part) cell membranes.
Sailors have (part) cells.
Sailors have (part) corpi.
Sailors have (part) cytoplasm.
Sailors have (part) heads.
Sailors have (part) human bodies.
Sailors have (part) legs.
Sailors have (part) material bodies.
Sailors have (part) necks.
Sailors have (part) nuclei.
Sailors have (part) personality.
Sailors have (part) plasma membranes.
Sailors have (part) sections.
Sailors have (part) vacuoles.
Sailors have a better opportunity than many to pursue a fun occupation at minimal expense.
Sailors have bases.
Sailors have different priorities depending on which stage of their life they are at.
Sailors have more fun.
Sailors have the chance to be part of many different communities.
Sailors have to negotiate around all manner of cables, hoses, piping and machinery.
Sailors hear expressions of gratitude in so many forms for so much they do all around the world.
Sailors hoist their masts.
Sailors know a special thrill of being close to nature, competing with the elements.
Sailors know that a boat has to be moving for it to be steered.
Sailors know the benefits of naval service, travel, leave and education.
Sailors know the meaning and importance of teamwork.
Sailors know where they're headed.
Sailors leap from flaming wrecks into freezing-cold water, dying in minutes.
Sailors learn and demonstrate skills for safe cruising in local and regional waters.
Sailors learn to be good sports, to be self-reliant, and to make quick and reasonable decisions.
Sailors leave a lot of unused space in the middle of their rope coils.
Sailors like to be blown.
Sailors live for the good tomorrow.
Sailors love to show the world what they do, how proud they are and what they have accomplished.
Sailors meet once weekly in a group setting.
Sailors now have the ability to e-mail their family and friends while on deployment.
Sailors now have the opportunity to pursue their college studies away from home.
Sailors ought never to go to church.
Sailors participating in the test immediately notice a difference.
Sailors pay a modest monthly fee by payroll deduction to enroll.
Sailors play cards Or grunt or smoke.
Sailors play dice and wager on a boxing match.
Sailors pray for wind.
Sailors recognize the age, serviceability and future utility of ship and aircraft systems.
Sailors return homes.
Sailors salute each other with shots of whiskey.
Sailors scramble to plug the leak.
Sailors serving on a base in the States, such as Norfolk, Va., are on shore duty.
Sailors share tales of the race as music, drinks and partying fill the day.
Sailors simply go without showers for long periods on submarines.
Sailors speak of it as the moon eating up the clouds.
Sailors stand behind the glass display and write backward.
Sailors stand on decks.
Sailors stand on ship's forecastles.
Sailors tend to have strong opinions about various rig alternatives.
Sailors then row the boats towards shore until they run aground.
Sailors use it as a point of reference.
Sailors use it to secure a lanyard to a shroud.
Sailors use the organizers to file reports, download schedules, and check email.
Sailors use the stars as beacons - that's called navigation.
Sailors using the voyage system can guide the ship by trackball at prescribed times.
Sailors visit coasts.
Sailors visit the school about every six months to tackle a variety of projects.
Sailors volunteer to tutor students, chaperone field trips, and assist in the classrooms.
Sailors wear life vests, ice prods, plus protection like hockey players.
Sailors Welcome to the leading voice in family travel and a better family vacation.
Sailors Windsurfing is one of our most favorite things to do together.
Sailors yell over the explosions trying to create order from chaos.
Sailors always look forward to coming home.
Sailors always welcome ladies most politely.
Sailors frequently compete in local, regional and national events.
Sailors often feed their cats by hand, offering pieces of fish and beef from their own plates.
Sailors usually arrive a half hour early to set up their boats and meet on Lake Worth.
All sailors are afraid of the sea.
All sailors are welcome in all classes.
All sailors are welcome to attend.
All sailors can benefit from improving their ability to sail the boat downwind.
All sailors competing have exactly the same kit which eliminates any technical advantage.
All sailors know that a seabag is never large enough to hold all the items they want.
All sailors know that it is impossible to sail faster than the wind when sailing downwind.
All sailors know what does it mean to be a team .
All sailors meet upstairs.
All sailors receive prizes donated by some of the marine industry's leading companies.
All sailors welcome.
Every sailor has strengths and weaknesses.
Every sailor is needed to make a race.
Every sailor knows that one makes a circle or goes around at the rear of the protecting enemy ships.
Many sailors are young conscripts who are sometimes moved from ship to ship with little warning.
Many sailors consider their boats a living being.
Many sailors do.
Many sailors like to adjust their boom position and mast rake depending on the sailing conditions.
Many sailors prefer the spring or fall offering milder temperatures and fewer crowds.
Many sailors spend their pay in the many drinking establishments.
Many sailors use their crafts as live-aboard homes and a means to get away for extended periods.
Many sailors view vane gears and autopilots as substitutes for one another.
Most Sailors agree replenishing at sea is a dangerous evolution.
Most sailors agree that racing is a fun way to learn to sail better.
Most sailors agree that the wind is generally fluctuates a knot or two most of the time.
Most sailors bring seeds.
Most Sailors can expect to spend some time at sea.
Most sailors do it seems.
Most sailors dream of the ideal boat, on their own specifications.
Most sailors eat diets.
Most sailors find racing offers the most challenging and exciting aspect of the sport.
Most sailors forget that the rules of sailing are international rules.
Most sailors have bases.
Most sailors have their own and used equipment is cheap enough to make the rental market limited.
Most sailors name their windvanes.
Most sailors return homes.
Most sailors ride the waves in the cove just upwind.
Most sailors stand on decks.
Most sailors visit coasts.
Most sailors wear clothes under their foulies.
Some sailors actually take a bearing and check it regularly.
Some sailors become friends.
Some sailors bring pigs.
Some sailors build a career on a miscalculation.
Some sailors catch glimpses.
Some sailors die of injuries.
Some sailors drink beer, and in another scene drink while driving.
Some sailors find amusement.
Some sailors find much amusement.
Some sailors have jackets.
Some sailors have short jackets.
Some sailors have their sails treated every winter.
Some sailors hold pencils.
Some sailors hunt dodo birds.
Some Sailors learn their lessons the hard way when it comes to horseplay.
Some sailors like to race and compete against others or the clock.
Some sailors make differences.
Some sailors possess parrots.
Some sailors prefer the vane to be slightly lighter that the lead weight below.
Some Sailors remember the steep cost of phone bills during the ship's last deployment.
Some sailors see seals.
Some Sailors spend their liberty lending a helping hand throughout the city.
Some sailors start to bang metal pans against the furniture.
Some sailors think that a mirror type finish is actualy more sticky than a rougher finish.
Some sailors use the sound to judge sail trim.
Sailplane training is designed as a leadership, motivation, and character development experience.
A sailplane is an aircraft
Sailplane rides available.
Sailplanes also use a straight wing design.
Sailplanes are able to fly without engines by making use of rising air-currents.
Sailplanes are graceful in the air, but helpless on the ground.
Sailplanes can keep flying for hours and hours and can sometimes even outclimb powered planes.
Sailplanes fly in clear weather.
Sailplanes generally are less expensive than scale models with motors.
Most sailplanes have one retractable wheel, which of course needs to be extended before touchdown.
Some sailplanes are better suited to first-timers than others.
Sailtec adjusters are available in two standard stoke lengths.
Saints of Virtue gives parents, kids and churches a popular alternative.
Saints of Virtue is by far the top selling computer game in the Christian market.
A saint is a god
Saint estienne mr.
Saint is nimbed, beardless, flanked by two beardless men.
Saint is nimbed, beardless, seated facing right.
Saint is someone special.
Saint is sonorous.
Saint isa god.
Saint leaves war.
Saint likes to swim, too.
Saint Lucie','Florida .
Saints are a different kettle of fish.
Saints are active after death and can be prayed to.
Saints are also rather high on the predisposition list for epilepsy , which causes seizures.
Saints are always other people.
Saints are always some combination of tan and white or brindle and white.
Saints are being.
Saints are commanding officers.
Saints are decoy models projected in front of people by the abstract power structure.
Saints are deity.
Saints are extremely hospitable and visitors to the island are made to feel very welcome.
Saints Are heirs of.
Saints are humans who achieved a high level of perfection and are role models for other humans.
Saints are imperfect people moving toward perfection.
Saints are in abundance.
Saints are individuals of zeal and courage.
Saints are intelligent agents.
Saints are members of the church, cf.
Saints are men who have freed themselves from the world of matter and who have overcome sin.
Saints are mystics.
Saints are ordinary people who have one distinction - faith in Jesus.
Saints are people of action.
Saints are people still struggling against sin's temptations.
Saints are people that the sun shines through.
Saints are people who lived heroic lives and who are examples to the church.
Saints Are Real At Last for local release.
Saints are synonymous , or are associated , with holiness .
Saints are synonymous, or are associated, with holiness.
Saints are the living symbols of religion and are the true benefactors of humanity.
Saints are very rare.
Saints arise from among all classes of men, and are really great.
Saints avoid a nasty potential banana skin.
Saints become saints by the way they live their lives.
Saints call upon holiness.
Saints can be powerful intercessors.
Saints can heal people through prayers in the Name of Christ Jesus.
Saints claim vital win .
Saints clarify and instruct.
Saints come in pints, quarts, gallons.
Saints continue to prepare for season opener.
Saints desire good.
Saints die in.
Saints differ greatly in their personalities.
Saints do good works.
Saints do have some big men in their pack, and size helps.
Saints do what they do because it feels so good to do it.
Saints don t have to levitate to get our attention.
Saints dove at loose balls, battled for rebounds and challenged every shot.
Saints drive normal people crazy.
Saints drool and shed.
Saints edge London .
Saints experience it as much as sinners.
Saints fight back for victory .
Saints fightback to deny London .
Saints gear up for the start of a critical two game west coast trip.
Saints give back their mother tongue reputedly.
Saints go to sleep spiritually.
Saints Hate the thoughts of.
Saints have light colored nails and it is easy to see the pink of the quick.
Saints Have promises of.
Saints have the desire to please their master.
Saints have the power to attract many to their association.
Saints Have, in mind.
Saints Have, on believing.
Saints here have hair.
Saints is about how much fun it is to go to a fair in the summer.
Saints is the scriptural term for persons saved under the plan of salvation within a dispensation.
Saints is very beautiful and surrounded by tall cliffs.
Saints keep the ball.
Saints know that a grain of heart's-ease is of more value than a ton of gold.
Saints lend to bad risks.
Saints like to do good things for others.
Saints live in the state of forgetfulness.
Saints live on air.
Saints lives and their images are a major part of medieval life.
Saints Love exceedingly.
Saints never die.
Saints paints a disturbing picture that America needs to see.
Saints respond to the needs of their times.
Saints rise from various economic situations, from varying cultures and vastly different ages.
Saints See note above.
Saints see off brave Bulls .
Saints sing the song of the redeemed.
Saints stand with arms outstretched in exhortation and benediction.
Saints stare down from their high perches.
Saints surround in the woodwork.
Saints tear Reds apart .
Saints then come from all times and all places and all kinds of people.
Saints topple leaders despite absence of halves .
Saints transform our lives - no one else does.
Saints vary less than weaving.
Saints wallop sorry Reds .
Saints watch out, for here comes the star of the devil.
Saints wer on the side walls.
Saints win .
Saints win anyway.
Saints Works by or about Christian saints are to be found under the name of the saint in question.
Saints often become saints due to their empathy for others.
All saints are cross-referenced.
All Saints Click on the thumbnail to enlarge the picture.
All saints have a measure of truth.
All saints have their own particular spiritual interests.
All Saints Is.
All Saints Live ukmix.org The UK's online music community.
All Saints Ste.
All saints struggle to obey.
Every saint has a past and every sinner a future.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Every saint has a specific day of the year.
Every saint has some part in the leadership of the local church.
Many saints really do think sex is only to make babies.
More Saints use strong pitching, heavy lumber to win first The wait is finally over.
Most saints have one path, one line of attainment in reaching the goal.
Some saints are so demanding.
Some saints have dramatic conversions after years of being in love with the world.
Some saints have the power in five minutes to change the heart of any human being from evil to good.
Some saints help someone everyday.
A sainthood is a group
Sainthood is a communal effort.
Sainthood is acceptable only in saints.
Sainthood is more than ethical perfection or works of Christian virtues.
Sainthood is slightly more exclusive, requiring an application over the Internet.
Sainthood needs no declaration.
Sainthood requires certification of another miracle.
Sainthood requires evidence of miracle-working.
Sainthoods are groups.
Sainthoods are positions.
Saintly women suffer for months.
SAIT courses are free to State employees.
SAIT students get results.
Sake yeast is added to the mixture.
Sake begins with rice.
Sake contains no preservatives or sulfites.
Sake flasks with narrow mouths require a long, thin brush for washing the inside.
Sake is a benefit
Sake is alcohol.
Sake is benefits.
Sake is purposes.
Sake isa benefit.
Sake take away smell of fish.
Sake yields a variety of flavors, each as subtle as a flower.
Most sake is aged for on the average six months, often longer, before shipping.
Most sake is pasteurized twice, once just after brewing and once again before shipping.
Much sake also has some straight ethyl alcohol added to it for one reason or another.
Some sake has a very prominent fragrance, especially a lot of premium daiginjo sake.
Some sake is very straightforward.
Saki isa alcohol.
Sakura blossoms fall from the trees outside.
A salaam is motion
A salaam is reverence
Salaams are upon the anbiyya on the days of their birth.
Salacious revelations stir the body politic.
Salad apples are by definition sweet and crisp.
A salad bar is a bar
Salad bars are also an excellent choice.
Salad bars are also available.
Salad bars are available at lunch and dinner, with fresh fruit at breakfast.
Salad bars are available at lunch and dinner.
Salad bars are bars.
Salad bars are very common and many restaurants offer low calorie or low fat items on their menus.
Salad bars can also be high in fiber.
Salad bars can be a nutrition bonus.
Salad bars can contain healthy, nutritious food or an unhealthy mixture of foodborne bacteria.
A salad dressing is a sauce
Salad dressing is also on the list of gluggers.
Salad dressing is oil and vinegar.
Salad dressing is similarly prepared but without the egg yolks.
Salad dressing is the number one source of fat in the American woman's diet.
Salad dressing looks like mayonnaise, but has only half the calories.
Salad dressings are also easy to modify.
Salad dressings are available on the side upon request.
Salad dressings are condiments.
Salad dressings are emulsion.
Salad dressings are homemade and are to be enjoyed with their special tea of the day.
Salad dressings are homemade and very good, especially the peppercorn.
Salad dressings are mostly fat and many baked goods are high in oils.
Salad dressings are sauces.
Salad dressings can have a lot of fat.
Salad dressings come to mind.
All salad dressings are homemade.
All salad dressings are now fat-free.
All salad dressings ought to have three significant digits.
Many salad dressings contain eight or more grams of fat per Tablespoon.
Many salad dressings make excellent marinades.
Most salad dressings are lower in fat than mayonnaise.
Most salad dressings have less fat than mayonnaise.
Salad green is green.
Salad green is greens
Salad greens adapt well to wide row gardening.
Salad greens are a big business in Atlanta, and leafy, green lettuce is going fast at the market.
Salad greens are cheap and good.
Salad greens are low in calories, but the calories add up quickly if drowned in a high-fat dressing.
Salad greens are very easy to grow in containers.
Salad greens grow very quickly.
Salad greens sown in late summer extend the gardening season well into fall.
Salad greens stay cool and fresh in an outdoor sink cut from a single huge block of stone.
Salad greens thrive in the cool months.
All salad greens are low in calories.
Salad leaves look great in giant bowls.
Salad possibilities are impressive.
Salad selections consist of sauerkraut, lettuce, cucumber or beets.
Many salad vegetables are delicious when grilled, especially endive and radicchio.
Salad consists of lettuce.
Salad consists of tomatoes.
Salad has (part) sauces.
Salad has (part) sections.
Salad helps health.
Salad is a dish
Salad is dishs.
Salad is food.
Salad is green.
Salad is healthy food.
Salad is located in refrigerators.
Salad is made of baby spinach.
Salad is made of lettuce.
Salad is made of spinach.
Salad isa nourishment.
Salad isa sustenance.
Salad makes from vegetables.
Salad offers alternatives.
Salad requires effort.
Salad requires minimal effort.
Salad tops with vegetables.
Salads add body bulk and also provide several nutrients.
Salads also can mess up a good bottle of wine.
Salads also excel.
Salads are a good means to healthy diet even for the calorie-conscious.
Salads are a great bet for bone building health.
Salads are a la carte, but most entrees come with a choice of sides.
Salads are a la carte.
Salads are a pleasant sight on a Mexican menu.
Salads are a single serving of potato salad, cole slaw, or pasta.
Salads are a tasty and essential element to good health.
Salads are absolutely verboten.
Salads are also ideal as the vegetables have virtually no fat and are low in kilojoules.
Salads are also quick and easy to prepare.
Salads are also wonderful here.
Salads are always fresh and offer a variety of different greens.
Salads are always tough to match because the vinegar fights the wine.
Salads are an excellent source of nutrition.
Salads are an exception.
Salads are an important side dish and a meal is finished with dessert or fresh fruits.
Salads are another great choice.
Salads are another way to begin the Bruno s experience.
Salads are available almost everywhere.
Salads are available as either a small side or main course.
Salads are available there as well.
Salads are basic iceberg lettuce.
Salads are big and lush, and come with a sturdy sourdough hard roll.
Salads are big sellers here.
Salads are big, fresh and well dressed.
Salads are bright and fresh, in both concept and taste.
Salads are cheap, and big, and green enough to keep off scurvy.
Salads are crisp and green, the house vinaigrette light and a little sweet.
Salads are crisp and made with the freshest ingredients.
Salads are easily large enough for two.
Salads are especially good.
Salads are especially risky.
Salads are everywhere and they are usually good, but beware of our health advisory .
Salads are extra.
Salads are fine and predictable, with heavy emphasis on balsamic vinegar and the sweet in general.
Salads are freebies, but watch the dressing.
Salads are fresh and tasty with a choice of dressings.
Salads are fresh and tasty.
Salads are fresh, flavorful and imaginative.
Salads are freshly prepared with tender lettuce and vine-ripened tomatoes.
Salads are fully prepared and ready to serve.
Salads are generous with a lot of variety.
Salads are generous.
Salads are good as a shared appetizer or a main course.
Salads are good with eggs too.
Salads are good, so is milk and ice cream.
Salads are great with just about any meal.
Salads are great.
Salads are handy if there's no access to a microwave.
Salads are healthy and appetizing, but often are deadly because of the use of insecticide sprays.
Salads are huge.
Salads are in fact, like glasses of iced water, an absolutely basic item on every restaurant menu.
Salads are increasingly popular.
Salads are large and made of a variety of greens.
Salads are large and soups are hearty.
Salads are large, almost too large, but the chevre on toast with pesto is a remarkable dish.
Salads are large, comprised of crisp, fresh greens.
Salads are less successful.
Salads are light and refreshing and celebrate the summer's bounty of vegetables and produce.
Salads are new additions to the menu.
Salads are notorious for hidden fat because of the dressing.
Salads are of high quality, made with fresh, trendy greens.
Salads are often in the spotlight when it comes to consumers' concerns about food safety.
Salads are one of the coolest meals around.
Salads are particularly fine, but just about everything is done well here.
Salads are perhaps the easiest of foods to make pretty.
Salads are pleasing, too, including the Singapore model.
Salads are plentiful, crispy, and fresh.
Salads are prepared tableside and complement the high quality cuts of beef and fresh seafood.
Salads are prone to excess.
Salads are quite good here and there is always some fermented sauerkraut and soaked dulse too.
Salads are sensational.
Salads are served with generous slices of avocado.
Salads are substantial and the sandwiches are too.
Salads are uncommonly pretty.
Salads are unusual, too.
Salads are usually available everywhere, though.
Salads are vibrant.
Salads are well-composed of interesting greens and other ingredients.
Salads arrive first.
Salads can also include fruit, nuts, fish, shellfish, etc.
Salads can be good choices, but watch the dressing and skip anything fried on the salad.
Salads can be so much more than just lettuce.
Salads can fill the bill, depending on how hearty the ingredients.
Salads can make use of leftover roasted meats or chicken.
Salads can provide a great alternative to hot meals.
Salads can provide good vitamins and calcium for children.
Salads Click on image to zoom in.
Salads come in entr e and halfsizes, with a fat-free herb balsamic dressing available.
Salads come premade in bags.
Salads come with most meals.
Salads contain two tastes, bitter and astringent, that balance Pitta and are also cold and light.
Salads Eat only uncooked vegetables in salads.
Salads feature lots of greens, big fried croutons, and sharply vinegary dressing.
Salads have eight or nine greens.
Salads have tomatoes.
Salads here are gigantic.
Salads here are huge.
Salads here are outstanding.
Salads look fresh and hearty.
Salads make a wonderful main dish in the summer.
Salads make easy healthful lunches.
Salads make good use of fresh greens, and sandwiches have been freshly made and delicious.
Salads make great meals but be careful of the dressing.
Salads make great meals, but be careful of the dressing.
Salads prepared with rice are always a good choice, especially during warm-weather months.
Salads provide another starting point.
Salads range from simple to exotic.
Salads often make wine taste dreary.
All salads are available in half portions.
All salads are homemade and fresh daily.
All salads come with a fresh baked croissant, drizzled with sweet vanilla icing.
All salads come with breadsticks.
All salads come with fresh sourdough bread.
All salads come with freshly baked bread.
All salads come with saltine crackers on the side.
Any salad is improved by basil's presence.
Any salad tastes better and crisp if the vegetables have been soaked in chilled water for a while.
Every salad is made to order.
Many salad dressing recipes simply yield too much.
Many salads have cheese and croutons.
Most salad helps health.
Most salad is made of baby spinach.
Most salad is made of lettuce.
Most salad is made of spinach.
Most salad makes from vegetables.
Most salad requires effort.
Most salad requires minimal effort.
Most salads have a base, usually made of lettuce.
Some salad combines favourite meals.
Some salad combines meals.
Some salad contains fruit.
Some salad contains grapefruit.
Some salad has phases.
Some salad includes potato.
Some salad includes sweet potato.
Some salad is made of fruit.
Some salad is made of parsleys.
Some salad makes dishes.
Some salad makes meals.
Some salads benefit from a little chilling time for the various flavors to marry.
Salai trees provide a resin which is used for incense and medicine.
Salamander abundances increase over time.
A salamander is an amphibian
Salamander fixes that problem nicely.
Salamander follows with a death dirge that crescendos with some shameless wah-wah action.
Salamander is born in the water, but also adapts to land.
Salamander is considered a cabbaging variety, as shown in the woodcut.
Salamander isa amphibian.
Salamander teaches to utilize inspiration and ideas.
Salamanders absorb oxygen.
Salamanders adapt to conditions.
Salamanders adapt to habitat conditions.
Salamanders adapt to habitats.
Salamanders also eat crickets and pinkies , which are baby rats.
Salamanders also have a more active electromagnetic aura than other creatures.
Salamanders also inhabit a diversity of habitats, from upland wooded forests to streams and swamps.
Salamanders also lash their tails at a predator.
Salamanders also like the early spring sun.
Salamanders are a type of amphibian.
Salamanders are able to regenerate a lost limb or tail.
Salamanders are amphibians like frogs.
Salamanders are amphibians that look like a cross between a frog and a lizard.
Salamanders are amphibians that retain their tail as an adult.
Salamanders are amphibians, and as such have a constant connection with water.
Salamanders are amphibians.
Salamanders are amphibians.
Salamanders are animes.
Salamanders are by nature secretive creatures.
Salamanders are carnivores, which means they eat meat instead of vegetation.
Salamanders are carnivorous throughout their life history.
Salamanders are characterized by slender bodies, short legs, and long tails.
Salamanders are common in the southern USA, especially Texas.
Salamanders are common.
Salamanders are deaf to airborne sounds but hear or feel by sensing vibrations from the ground.
Salamanders are delicate creatures and are easily injured.
Salamanders are found all over the world generally in more temperate climates.
Salamanders are generally smooth-skinned and have no scales.
Salamanders are hard to maintain and hard to find.
Salamanders are important animals in the aquatic ecosystems of South Dakota.
Salamanders are in a terrible crisis.
Salamanders are in damp areas under leaves and rocks.
Salamanders are in the amphibian family.
Salamanders are inside streams.
Salamanders are just one of the many fascinating groups of organisms that often escape our notice.
Salamanders are known as newts.
Salamanders are known as salamanders.
Salamanders are known to exhibit internal fertilization.
Salamanders are member of wetland.
Salamanders are more abundant in humid eastern North America than any other place in the world.
Salamanders are more tolerant of cold than frogs, so are more widely distributed in temperate areas.
Salamanders are nocturnal, hiding under logs and leaf litter.
Salamanders are nocturnal.
Salamanders are on the move during the first warm, hard, and long nighttime rain.
Salamanders are on the surface of the land and in the water in late winter and early spring.
Salamanders are popular pets.
Salamanders are primarily a north temperate group, occurring in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Salamanders are small, secretive, nocturnal and silent.
Salamanders are sold online as well as renowned pet stores.
Salamanders are solitary animals except during breeding season.
Salamanders are tailed amphibians with short, stubby legs.
Salamanders are the fey elementals of fire.
Salamanders are the only tetrapods able to regeneate limbs, as well as other body parts.
Salamanders are the second major type of amphibian.
Salamanders are totally vicious.
Salamanders are typically more active during cool times of the day and are nocturnal.
Salamanders are unique among amphibians in practicing a form of internal fertilization.
Salamanders are unique among amphibians in practicing internal fertilization.
Salamanders are usually an indicator of unpolluted areas.
Salamanders are voiceless.
Salamanders are vulnerable for a few reasons.
Salamanders busy themselves beneath logs and rocks.
Salamanders can breathe air through their skin.
Salamanders can capture prey in aquatic and terrestrial habitats.
Salamanders can climb, using body secretions for suction.
Salamanders can drop their tail to escape predators.
Salamanders can live in water as well as on land.
Salamanders can regenerate a leg if they lose one.
Salamanders can regenerate lost limbs.
Salamanders can re-grow lost limbs and other body parts.
Salamanders carry genes.
Salamanders catch prey.
Salamanders colonize new wildlife ponds more slowly.
Salamanders come in a wide variety of colors.
Salamanders continue growing even after they reach sexual maturity.
Salamanders develop ability.
Salamanders differ from frogs and toads whose larvae only has horny structures for teeth.
Salamanders differ in their dependence on water.
Salamanders eat a variety of insects, worms, snails, spiders and slugs.
Salamanders eat diets.
Salamanders eat earthworms.
Salamanders eat food.
Salamanders eat insects.
Salamanders eat prey.
Salamanders eat the larger species of Daphnia, leaving the smaller species to the PM larvae.
Salamanders eat worms.
Salamanders emerge from eggs.
Salamanders emerge from wetland.
Salamanders engage in activities.
Salamanders evolve over years.
Salamanders exhibit interaction.
Salamanders exhibit preference.
Salamanders feed on worms.
Salamanders get very hot, concentrating a lot of heat on a small area, like a plate of food.
Salamanders go through several stages.
Salamanders go through stages.
Salamanders grow tails.
Salamanders has-part feet.
Salamanders has-part legs.
Salamanders has-part skin.
Salamanders has-part tails.
Salamanders has-part toes.
Salamanders has-part tongues.
Salamanders have (part) brains.
Salamanders have (part) breasts.
Salamanders have (part) cell membranes.
Salamanders have (part) cells.
Salamanders have (part) chest cavities.
Salamanders have (part) chests.
Salamanders have (part) corpi.
Salamanders have (part) cytoplasm.
Salamanders have (part) ears.
Salamanders have (part) faces.
Salamanders have (part) heads.
Salamanders have (part) nuclei.
Salamanders have (part) pedal extremities.
Salamanders have (part) plasma membranes.
Salamanders have (part) rib cages.
Salamanders have (part) sections.
Salamanders have (part) skulls.
Salamanders have (part) sterna.
Salamanders have (part) vacuoles.
Salamanders have (part) vertebrate feet.
Salamanders have a fairly well developed lymphatic system.
Salamanders have a long tail that is used for swimming.
Salamanders have a smooth or warty skin where lizards have rough, scaly skin.
Salamanders have a strong sense of smell, and most have a long, sticky tongue for catching food.
Salamanders have appetite.
Salamanders have backs.
Salamanders have bad hearing.
Salamanders have bellies.
Salamanders have breaths.
Salamanders have brown skin.
Salamanders have delicate skin.
Salamanders have distinct large and small intestine with more evident coiling.
Salamanders have extremely sensitive skin and also absorb chemicals readily through their skin.
Salamanders have flat heads.
Salamanders have gills.
Salamanders have glands.
Salamanders have glomeruluses.
Salamanders have heads.
Salamanders have hind limbs.
Salamanders have legs.
Salamanders have less-specialized morphologies than do the other two orders.
Salamanders have limbs.
Salamanders have lungs.
Salamanders have moist skin.
Salamanders have no external ear, and only a vestigial middle ear.
Salamanders have no true claws, and no visible ear holes.
Salamanders have offspring.
Salamanders have ovaries.
Salamanders have pink bellies.
Salamanders have poison glands.
Salamanders have poor eyesight and rely on smell and touch to locate prey.
Salamanders have porous skin.
Salamanders have remarkable regnerative powers which are unique among vertebrates.
Salamanders have round snouts.
Salamanders have skin through which oxygen and carbon dioxide can enter and leave the body.
Salamanders have skin.
Salamanders have slick skin.
Salamanders have smooth , moist skin and no claws.
Salamanders have smooth and moist skin, no claws, and no external ear openings.
Salamanders have smooth moist skin.
Salamanders have smooth skin.
Salamanders have smooth, moist skin, no claws, and no ear openings.
Salamanders have snouts.
Salamanders have stages.
Salamanders have tails and are often mistaken for lizards.
Salamanders have tails.
Salamanders have testes.
Salamanders have the ability to extend their size or diminish it, as needed.
Salamanders have the unusual property of lost limb regeneration.
Salamanders have tissue.
Salamanders have toes.
Salamanders help keep insect population down and they become food for larger animals.
Salamanders hibernate in winter.
Salamanders hide by day and prowl by night.
Salamanders hunt food.
Salamanders inhabit areas.
Salamanders inhabit barren areas.
Salamanders inhabit different environments.
Salamanders inhabit environments.
Salamanders inhabit man-made ponds.
Salamanders inhabit the western hemisphere from North America to the northern part of South America.
Salamanders lay eggs.
Salamanders like to hide under boards, logs, or dead leaves.
Salamanders live for years.
Salamanders live in bogs and other wetlands.
Salamanders live in damp woodlands.
Salamanders live in environments.
Salamanders live in freshwater streams.
Salamanders live in habitats.
Salamanders live in many different places.
Salamanders live in regions.
Salamanders live in rivers, swamps, forests and caves.
Salamanders live in streams.
Salamanders live in water and on land, and look rather like lizards, with four legs and a tail.
Salamanders live in water.
Salamanders live in wet places but they also like dry land.
Salamanders live in wetland.
Salamanders live in woodlands.
Salamanders live on all the continents except Antarctica and Australia.
Salamanders live on continents.
Salamanders live on ground.
Salamanders look like lizards without scales.
Salamanders look like lizards.
Salamanders move from the water to the cave floor and cave walls.
Salamanders move mouths.
Salamanders now cross the road with a minimal amount of difficulty.
Salamanders occupy sites.
Salamanders occur in environments.
Salamanders occur in lower densities in forest stands that have been recently clearcut.
Salamanders occur mainly in the temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere.
Salamanders occur within deciduous forest habitats.
Salamanders occur within deciduous habitats.
Salamanders occur within forest habitats.
Salamanders occur within habitats.
Salamanders perform a dance during the mating process.
Salamanders play an important role in maintaining balance in a forest ecosystem.
Salamanders play in ponds.
Salamanders possess bodies.
Salamanders possess genes.
Salamanders possess lungs.
Salamanders possess ribs.
Salamanders possess small point teeth.
Salamanders possess teeth.
Salamanders prefer flow streams.
Salamanders prefer forest habitats.
Salamanders prefer ground.
Salamanders prefer habitats.
Salamanders prefer streams.
Salamanders prefer wetland.
Salamanders provide an important link in the food web.
Salamanders punish fickle male partners and strangers.
Salamanders range in North America, Europe, Asia, northern parts of South America and North Africa.
Salamanders reach length.
Salamanders reach maturity.
Salamanders reach sexual maturity.
Salamanders regenerate tails.
Salamanders rely on their extraordinary sense of smell to find prey.
Salamanders require a different habitat.
Salamanders require food.
Salamanders require light.
Salamanders require little light.
Salamanders require ponds.
Salamanders require water.
Salamanders retain tails.
Salamanders routinely regenerate complex tissues.
Salamanders seek food.
Salamanders seek prey.
Salamanders seek water.
Salamanders share breed habitats.
Salamanders share habitats.
Salamanders shed skin.
Salamanders slither through the damp undersides of rotting logs and the vegetation along streams.
Salamanders stand in water.
Salamanders stand on feet.
Salamanders swim in water.
Salamanders swim like eels, using body muscle contraction to propel themselves through the water.
Salamanders thrive in environments.
Salamanders use gills.
Salamanders use sticky tongues.
Salamanders use tails.
Salamanders use their limbs very little in swimming.
Salamanders use tongues.
Salamanders walk on feet.
Salamanders walk over the ground and creep along the bottoms of waters.
All salamanders are carnivorous, eating insects, slugs, worms, and other invertebrates.
All salamanders have scaleless skin, four legs and a tail.
All salamanders lay eggs, with one exception.
Many salamanders are nocturnal.
Many salamanders can break off their tails to escape the grip of an enemy.
Many salamanders exhibit complex courtship rituals.
Many salamanders return to their birth pool to breed.
Many salamanders use their jaws to catch prey, but frogs also have a tongue for flicking.
Most salamanders absorb oxygen.
Most salamanders adapt to conditions.
Most salamanders adapt to habitat conditions.
Most salamanders adapt to habitats.
Most salamanders are inside streams.
Most salamanders are known as newts.
Most salamanders are known as salamanders.
Most salamanders are member of wetland.
Most salamanders can regenerate their limbs.
Most salamanders carry genes.
Most salamanders catch prey.
Most salamanders develop ability.
Most salamanders eat diets.
Most salamanders eat earthworms.
Most salamanders eat food.
Most salamanders eat insects.
Most salamanders eat prey.
Most salamanders eat worms.
Most salamanders emerge from eggs.
Most salamanders emerge from wetland.
Most salamanders engage in activities.
Most salamanders evolve over years.
Most salamanders exhibit interaction.
Most salamanders exhibit preference.
Most salamanders feed on worms.
Most salamanders go through several stages.
Most salamanders go through stages.
Most salamanders grow tails.
Most salamanders has-part feet.
Most salamanders has-part legs.
Most salamanders has-part skin.
Most salamanders has-part tails.
Most salamanders has-part toes.
Most salamanders has-part tongues.
Most salamanders have backs.
Most salamanders have bellies.
Most salamanders have breaths.
Most salamanders have brown skin.
Most salamanders have delicate skin.
Most salamanders have flat heads.
Most salamanders have four limbs.
Most salamanders have gills.
Most salamanders have glands.
Most salamanders have glomeruluses.
Most salamanders have heads.
Most salamanders have legs.
Most salamanders have limbs.
Most salamanders have lungs.
Most salamanders have moist skin.
Most salamanders have moist, dark skin and are difficult to see in their natural environment.
Most salamanders have offspring.
Most salamanders have only four front toes but five rear toes.
Most salamanders have ovaries.
Most salamanders have pink bellies.
Most salamanders have poison glands.
Most salamanders have porous skin.
Most salamanders have round snouts.
Most salamanders have skin.
Most salamanders have slick skin.
Most salamanders have smooth and slick skin.
Most salamanders have smooth moist skin.
Most salamanders have smooth skin.
Most salamanders have snouts.
Most salamanders have stages.
Most salamanders have tails.
Most salamanders have testes.
Most salamanders have tissue.
Most salamanders have toes.
Most salamanders hibernate in winter.
Most salamanders hunt food.
Most salamanders inhabit areas.
Most salamanders inhabit barren areas.
Most salamanders inhabit different environments.
Most salamanders inhabit environments.
Most salamanders lay eggs.
Most salamanders live for years.
Most salamanders live in damp woodlands.
Most salamanders live in environments.
Most salamanders live in freshwater streams.
Most salamanders live in habitats.
Most salamanders live in regions.
Most salamanders live in streams.
Most salamanders live in water.
Most salamanders live in wetland.
Most salamanders live in woodlands.
Most salamanders live on continents.
Most salamanders live on ground.
Most salamanders mate and lay their eggs in water but otherwise live on land.
Most salamanders move mouths.
Most salamanders occupy sites.
Most salamanders occur in environments.
Most salamanders occur within deciduous forest habitats.
Most salamanders occur within deciduous habitats.
Most salamanders occur within forest habitats.
Most salamanders occur within habitats.
Most salamanders play in ponds.
Most salamanders possess bodies.
Most salamanders possess genes.
Most salamanders possess lungs.
Most salamanders possess ribs.
Most salamanders possess small point teeth.
Most salamanders possess teeth.
Most salamanders prefer flow streams.
Most salamanders prefer forest habitats.
Most salamanders prefer ground.
Most salamanders prefer habitats.
Most salamanders prefer streams.
Most salamanders prefer wetland.
Most salamanders reach length.
Most salamanders reach maturity.
Most salamanders reach sexual maturity.
Most salamanders regenerate tails.
Most salamanders require food.
Most salamanders require light.
Most salamanders require little light.
Most salamanders require ponds.
Most salamanders require water.
Most salamanders retain tails.
Most salamanders seek food.
Most salamanders seek prey.
Most salamanders seek water.
Most salamanders share breed habitats.
Most salamanders share habitats.
Most salamanders shed skin.
Most salamanders stand in water.
Most salamanders stand on feet.
Most salamanders swim in water.
Most salamanders thrive in environments.
Most salamanders use gills.
Most salamanders use sticky tongues.
Most salamanders use tails.
Most salamanders use tongues.
Most salamanders walk on feet.
Some salamanders adapt to niches.
Some salamanders adapt to specific niches.
Some salamanders appear pale due to the lack of melanophores.
Some salamanders are breed in late springs.
Some salamanders are breed in springs.
Some salamanders are inside ponds.
Some salamanders are lungless, and respiration occurs through the skin or external gills.
Some salamanders are member of families.
Some salamanders are mostly black while others are mostly yellow .
Some salamanders are mostly black while others are mostly yellow.
Some salamanders are paedomorphic .
Some salamanders are poisonous.
Some salamanders belong to genus.
Some salamanders can regenerate whole limbs.
Some salamanders coil their bodies tightly to prevent evaporative water loss.
Some salamanders consume insect larvae.
Some salamanders consume larvae.
Some salamanders cross roads.
Some salamanders curl into balls.
Some salamanders develop spots.
Some salamanders eat animals.
Some salamanders eat fish.
Some salamanders eat frogs, mice and even other salamanders.
Some salamanders eat larvae.
Some salamanders eat small fish.
Some salamanders emerge from burrows.
Some salamanders enter areas.
Some salamanders enter wetland.
Some salamanders feed on each others' eggs.
Some salamanders feed on lice.
Some salamanders feed on wood lice.
Some salamanders find in rivers.
Some salamanders find on colorado plateaus.
Some salamanders find on plateaus.
Some salamanders grow up to feet.
Some salamanders has-part bellies.
Some salamanders has-part esophagi.
Some salamanders have bars.
Some salamanders have distribution.
Some salamanders have life cycle phases.
Some salamanders have limbs that a greatly reduced or even lack hind limbs.
Some salamanders have noses.
Some salamanders have orange undersides.
Some salamanders have phases.
Some salamanders have reproductive strategies.
Some salamanders have roles.
Some salamanders have strategies.
Some salamanders have tongues.
Some salamanders have undersides.
Some salamanders have unusual reproductive strategies.
Some salamanders ingest gravel.
Some salamanders ingest small gravel.
Some salamanders invade gardens.
Some salamanders leave water.
Some salamanders live in crevices.
Some salamanders live in forests.
Some salamanders live in gardens.
Some salamanders live in homes.
Some salamanders live in lakes.
Some salamanders live in ponds.
Some salamanders live in pools.
Some salamanders live in redwoods.
Some salamanders live in trees.
Some salamanders live outside of caves under rocks or moist logs.
Some salamanders make noise.
Some salamanders migrate to breed ponds.
Some salamanders migrate to ponds.
Some salamanders occupy interiors.
Some salamanders occur at density.
Some salamanders occur at elevation.
Some salamanders occur at high density.
Some salamanders only have one set of legs.
Some salamanders pass through stages.
Some salamanders pass through tadpole stages.
Some salamanders prefer slopes.
Some salamanders produce hybrid offspring.
Some salamanders produce offspring.
Some salamanders provide protection.
Some salamanders regrow limbs.
Some salamanders rely on early winter rain.
Some salamanders rely on rain.
Some salamanders rely on winter rain.
Some salamanders require wetland.
Some salamanders retain gills.
Some salamanders return to water.
Some salamanders roam earth.
Some salamanders roam forests.
Some salamanders secrete fluid.
Some salamanders secrete toxic fluid.
Some salamanders seek mates.
Some salamanders seize prey.
Some salamanders share backyards.
Some salamanders share ponds.
Some salamanders sit on limbs.
Some salamanders spend their entire lives in the water.
Some salamanders spit poison.
Some salamanders stay in the water, but look like adults.
Some salamanders successfully use the tail for distracting the attention of predators.
Some salamanders survive in environments.
Some salamanders survive in moist environments.
Some salamanders survive infection.
Some salamanders swim but most stay on land.
Some salamanders swim in lakes.
Some salamanders thrive in wetland.
Some salamanders use skin.
Some salamanders use their pineal body to perceive polarised light, which helps navigation.
Some salamanders wait for prey.
Salami tactics are the essence of successful gun control.
Salami has even less sodium, but, like most lunch meats, it's high in fat.
Salami is a sausage that first came from Italy.
Salami is anthema to health concious Americanas, but salami travels well.
Salami is good in a sandwich or simply sliced and enjoyed with bread, cheese and wine.
Salami is insects.
Salami is sausage
Salami is sausage.
Many salamis are named after the city or region where they come from.
Salandi river flows through the district.
Salar panels provide power for lights and fans.
Salaried associates become eligible for all other benefits immediately upon employment.
Salaried designers work in a number of different industries, depending on their design specialty.
Salaried doctors have no financial incentive to offer either more or less care.
Salaried doctors turn to unions to stem losses of income, autonomy.
Salaried employees are also eligible for long-term disability coverage.
Salaried employees are being asked to wait for their free PC's - they probably already have one.
Salaried employees are eligible for employee benefits.
Salaried employees are eligible for stock option consideration.
Salaried employees are on the company's pension plan.
Salaried employees become fully vested in company matched funds after three years of service.
Salaried employees can also get information through the company's intranet service.
Some salaried employees are exempt from the payment of minimum wage and overtime.
Salaried managers have a comprehensive sick leave plan.
Many salaried managers receive benefits such as paid vacations and life and health insurance.
Salaried people can expect some increment.
Salaried people have their taxes deducted every paycheck.
Salaried people receive paid time off as deemed appropriate by their supervisors.
Most salaried photographers work in portrait or commercial photography studios.
Salaried podiatrists tend to earn less than self-employed podiatrists.
Salaried position requires interaction with other departments and administrators.
Salaried positions are also available to qualified applicants.
Salaried status becomes the primary criterion for identifying career-oriented personnel.
Salaried translators are part of the in-house staff of an agency, firm, or institution.
Most salaried workers earn more than the legal minimum.
Salary cap is a problem.
Salary caps are always a factor.
Salary caps are subject to periodic change.
Salary caps create byzantine processes, and make player personnel moves that much more difficult.
Salary caps is the way to go.
Salary caps limit competitive wages.
Salary negotiation can be one of the more stressful parts of obtaining a new job.
Salary negotiation is a business deal.
Salary negotiation is a fact of job-seeking life, and preparation is vital.
Salary negotiation is an important element during the final stages of the job search process.
Salary negotiation is an integral part of the interview process.
Salary negotiation is more art than science.
Salary negotiation is possible, especially when a salary range is offered.
Salary negotiation is scary, and it takes both confidence and preparation in order to do it right.
Salary negotiations are a lot more profiable.
Salary negotiations are a lot more profitable.
Salary negotiations are crucial.
Salary negotiations are much more successfully undertaken after the offer of employment is made.
Salary negotiations begin at the second interview stage in most cases.
All salary negotiations are strictly between the employer and student.
Salary packaging helps to make up some of the difference and to attract high quality staff.
Salary packaging is a voluntary option for eligible members of staff.
Salary packaging is a voluntary option for members of staff.
Salary packaging is also available.
Salary packaging is available.
Salary packaging is legal and is a practice offered by a number of private and public organisations.
Salary packaging is optional and voluntary.
Salary packaging is voluntary.
Salary sacrifice is to be expanded into other areas.
Salary surveys are helpful, but the market can shift very quickly.
Salary surveys are prepared for the exempt staff.
Salary surveys can be a good place to start.
Salary surveys can hurt employers.
Most salary surveys focus upon fairly generic positions within well defined functions.
Some salary surveys conducted are through spreadsheet software.
Salary tax is calculated by reporting the respective percent on salary's equivalent in lei.
Salaries Abandon the idea of rigid pay structures.
Salaries also depend on the employers size, location, and industry.
Salaries also differ from region to region within the U.S. and across various settings.
Salaries also range widely within ranks.
Salaries also vary according to geographic location and type of employment facility.
Salaries also vary according to geographic location.
Salaries also vary based on experience, training, and advanced degrees earned by individuals.
Salaries also vary by educational level, geographic region, and size of community.
Salaries also vary by industry.
Salaries also vary by location, sector and company size.
Salaries also vary by region.
Salaries also vary by years in practice, educational level, geographic region and size of community.
Salaries also vary depending on geographic location.
Salaries also vary from city to city, with increases tied to work experience.
Salaries also vary from industry to industry.
Salaries also vary from state to state and between the government and private companies.
Salaries also vary in the level of the techies' experience.
Salaries also vary substantially by type and level of responsibilities and by industry.
Salaries appear to have stabilized, but the bottom s falling out everywhere else.
Salaries are a big factor in retaining staff, experts say.
Salaries are a big issue.
Salaries are a big part of the budget.
Salaries are a disincentive.
Salaries are a huge part of our budget.
Salaries are a major complaint.
Salaries are a major expense.
Salaries are a matter of public record, and any citizen is entitled to the information.
Salaries are about the same for everyone, regardless of merit.
Salaries are adequate and vary from agency to agency.
Salaries are adjustable to reflect work experience and research involvement.
Salaries are all above the minimum wage and above the regional minimum salary.
Salaries are also a factor in retaining quality, experienced teachers with excellent evaluations.
Salaries are also an increasing expense.
Salaries are also critical.
Salaries are also less than their male counterparts.
Salaries are also much higher in some areas of the state of New York.
Salaries are also very low.
Salaries are always important to teachers.
Salaries are always the big issue.
Salaries are among the best in the region.
Salaries are among the highest in the nation.
Salaries are among the most egalitarian in the world.
Salaries are among the state's highest.
Salaries are among the top in the industry.
Salaries are an obvious area and they're going up.
Salaries are annually renewable for a total of four years, provided results are satisfactory.
Salaries are another government expense, and they are an important one.
Salaries are another place to look for discrimination.
Salaries are approximate and vary by region.
Salaries are at an all time low of around Rs.
Salaries are attractive.
Salaries are bad.
Salaries are ballooning.
Salaries are behind approximately six months.
Salaries are best approximations based on available data.
Salaries are better for PGOs than other development professionals.
Salaries are chargeable based on effort provided.
Salaries are close to the western region norm and are adjusted each year.
Salaries are commensurate with ability and contribution to the continued success of the firm.
Salaries are commensurate with ability.
Salaries are commensurate with age, education, experience, annual increments, etc.
Salaries are commensurate with credentials and experience.
Salaries are commensurate with experience and a full benefits package is available.
Salaries are commensurate with experience and level of achievement.
Salaries are commensurate with experience and qualifications.
Salaries are commensurate with experience.
Salaries are commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salaries are commensurate with qualifications, rank, and experience.
Salaries are commensurate with qualified experience.
Salaries are commensurate with skills and experience.
Salaries are commensurate with sponsor's regular employees.
Salaries are comparable to civilian wages and include an attractive state paid benefit package.
Salaries are comparable to other science-based professions.
Salaries are comparable with most major metropolitan areas.
Salaries are competitive and all employees receive stock options and full benefits.
Salaries are competitive and are based on background and experience.
Salaries are competitive and based on previous work experience and knowledge.
Salaries are competitive and benefits are included.
Salaries are competitive and benefits include health and dental insurance and tuition reimbursement.
Salaries are competitive and commensurate with background and experience.
Salaries are competitive and commensurate with education and experience.
Salaries are competitive and commensurate with educational and professional background.
Salaries are competitive and commensurate with experience.
Salaries are competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salaries are competitive and commensurate with qualifications, experience and rank at appointment.
Salaries are competitive and commensurate with the candidate's experience.
Salaries are competitive and contingent on qualifications and experience.
Salaries are competitive and depend on qualifications and experience.
Salaries are competitive and dependent on the candidate's professional record.
Salaries are competitive and dependent upon qualifications.
Salaries are competitive and excellent benefits are offered.
Salaries are competitive and facilities are excellent, and the position is open immediately.
Salaries are competitive and in accordance with background and experience.
Salaries are competitive and include a comprehensive benefits package.
Salaries are competitive and negotiable depending on qualifications.
Salaries are competitive and nursing clinical ladders can provide additional compensation.
Salaries are competitive and relative to experience and qualifications.
Salaries are competitive and social benefits are very favourable.
Salaries are competitive and technical resources are strong.
Salaries are competitive and typically based on the going geographical rate.
Salaries are competitive and union membership is lower than the average state.
Salaries are competitive and vary depending on education and experience.
Salaries are competitive and work locations are very convenient.
Salaries are competitive at the international market level.
Salaries are competitive based on the cost of living in each local area.
Salaries are competitive but range depending on geographic location.
Salaries are competitive by international standards.
Salaries are competitive commensurate with education and experience.
Salaries are competitive for the New York area.
Salaries are competitive with all other engineering areas.
Salaries are competitive with comparable positions in government and public accounting.
Salaries are competitive with hospital salaries.
Salaries are competitive with industry standards.
Salaries are competitive with industrystandards.
Salaries are competitive with many other professional subject areas.
Salaries are competitive with most other professional subject areas.
Salaries are competitive with other allied health professions.
Salaries are competitive with other biological and agricultural professions.
Salaries are competitive with other Canadian universities.
Salaries are competitive with other financial disciplines.
Salaries are competitive with other government agencies and private industry.
Salaries are competitive with other graduate-trained professionals.
Salaries are competitive with other health care professions.
Salaries are competitive with other highly skilled health care professionals.
Salaries are competitive with other highly specialized health care professionals.
Salaries are competitive with other Midwest urban teaching hospitals.
Salaries are competitive with other schools in the region and the intern salary is tax-free.
Salaries are competitive with other schools our size.
Salaries are competitive with private industry.
Salaries are competitive with private schools in the area.
Salaries are competitive with public and area private schools.
Salaries are competitive with regional university training programs and are adjusted periodically.
Salaries are competitive with similar jobs in the community.
Salaries are competitive, and benefits are excellent.
Salaries are competitive, and commensurate with the applicant's qualifications.
Salaries are competitive, based on rank and are commensurate with experience.
Salaries are competitive.
Salaries are currently under annual review.
Salaries are deferred.
Salaries are dependent on experience and the level of higher education the teacher has completed.
Salaries are dependent on experience.
Salaries are dependent on level of experience, training, and education.
Salaries are dependent on the local economic conditions.
Salaries are dependent on the other categories.
Salaries are dependent on the skill level of the job, but all jobs pay at least minimum wage.
Salaries are dependent upon position, education and experience.
Salaries are determined according to the academic rank and years of experience.
Salaries are determined at the time final offers of employment are made.
Salaries are determined at the time offers of employment are made.
Salaries are determined at the time that the official job offers are made.
Salaries are determined on the basis of merit only.
Salaries are eligible if they are necessary for the implementation of the overall project.
Salaries are equally attractive according to the employers.
Salaries are excellent and so is job satisfaction.
Salaries are excellent for individuals with related educational training.
Salaries are excellent.
Salaries are expensive.
Salaries are extremely competitive and working conditions are excellent.
Salaries are extremely important to attracting and retaining talented new junior faculty.
Salaries are extremely low.
Salaries are extremely variable depending on location, type of practice, and type of specialty.
Salaries are fair, benefits are good, people pay a lot of attention to individuals.
Salaries are far lower.
Salaries are for married attorneys with dependents.
Salaries are for nine-month positions and include full benefits.
Salaries are for positions held across the nation.
Salaries are for the mean unless noted.
Salaries are generally close to minimum wage with increases given for experience and longevity.
Salaries are generally high paying.
Salaries are generally higher for freelance or self-employed trainers.
Salaries are generally higher in large organizations than in small ones.
Salaries are generally the largest expense of any school district budget.
Salaries are generous and include room and board.
Salaries are good although the cost of living is very high.
Salaries are good and rising.
Salaries are good, as are bonuses.
Salaries are high and graduates progress up the career ladder rapidly.
Salaries are high, but so are housing costs.
Salaries are high, environmental impact is low.
Salaries are high, often come with signing bonuses, and our graduates receive multiple job offers.
Salaries are high, unemployment very low and social tensions few.
Salaries are high.
Salaries are higher for managers in certain departments.
Salaries are higher in larger cities, but so are the costs of living and commuting in such cities.
Salaries are higher than in other countries, as is the cost of life.
Salaries are higher than the required federal minimum wage.
Salaries are higher, the cost of doing business is higher.
Salaries are highest in northern and western cities.
Salaries are highest in private industry and lowest in colleges or universities.
Salaries are highest in the western part of the country.
Salaries are highest in transportation and public utilities.
Salaries are highly competitive and are free of tax in the United Arab Emirates.
Salaries are highly competitive and commensurate with experience.
Salaries are highly competitive and free of tax in the United Arab Emirates.
Salaries are highly competitive and include health insurance and housing.
Salaries are highly competitive and rank is commensurate with experience.
Salaries are highly competitive with a comprehensive benefits package.
Salaries are highly competitive.
Salaries are in pesos.
Salaries are in thousands of U.S. dollars per year.
Salaries are inadequate and there is volatility with intrashift work overload.
Salaries are inadequate.
Salaries are individually determined.
Salaries are lavish by Indian standards.
Salaries are likely to be lower than at more established organizations.
Salaries are likely to include benefits such as a pension, private insurance, and a car.
Salaries are low and turnover is high, and people move on quickly to better paying work.
Salaries are low in the early years.
Salaries are low, commodities are scarce or too expensive.
Salaries are low.
Salaries are lower in biology, but tenure is more secure.
Salaries are lower in our area than the off campus positions.
Salaries are lowest in retail trade and finance, insurance, and real estate.
Salaries are market driven.
Salaries are modest and volunteers help reduce costs in numerous ways.
Salaries are modest but competitive with commercial, entry-level compensation.
Salaries are more important.
Salaries are moribund.
Salaries are much higher abroad, so mughteribiin are associated with wealth and luxury consumption.
Salaries are near the top of competitors.
Salaries are negotiable and depend on the qualifications and experience.
Salaries are negotiable with applicants that have additional certifications or experience.
Salaries are negotiable within the range listed, based on experience.
Salaries are negotiable, but the companies are willing to offer a package to match expectations.
Salaries are negotiable, depending on experience.
Salaries are negotiable.
Salaries are of course a high motivator.
Salaries are often higher than people think.
Salaries are often one of the biggest areas where developer and publisher disagree.
Salaries are often the chief concern.
Salaries are on a par with Germany and performance related bonuses are also growing in popularity.
Salaries are on a par with other nursing specialties.
Salaries are on a par with similar professions and, generally, pay more than land surveying.
Salaries are on the increase.
Salaries are one of the industry s largest expenses.
Salaries are only a part of the picture, although a very important part.
Salaries are open for discussion depending on experience.
Salaries are open, depending upon experience.
Salaries are open.
Salaries are our biggest expense.
Salaries are out of control.
Salaries are per year unless otherwise noted.
Salaries are poor.
Salaries are pretty even-keeled.
Salaries are proportional to the effort proposed on the project.
Salaries are quite good, and it's a field for people who want flexibility.
Salaries are quite good.
Salaries are reasonable, but competition for jobs is stiff and the hours are very long.
Salaries are regionally competitive.
Salaries are relatively level, albeit at seven figures.
Salaries are respectable and vary from agency to agency.
Salaries are ridiculously high.
Salaries are sensitive issues in Singapore, which has the world's highest paid government ministers.
Salaries are set too low, so turnover is high.
Salaries are SFr.
Salaries are shockingly low in government-sponsored arts positions.
Salaries are small.
Salaries are so low staffers are virtual volunteers.
Salaries are still frozen while insurance, taxes, utilities, food and gas costs creep up.
Salaries are still shamefully low, a sad commentary on our priorities.
Salaries are subject to change.
Salaries are subject to modification by terms of the collective bargaining agreement.
Salaries are subject to periodic adjustments based upon performance and funding availability.
Salaries are substantial, up to 'attractive six figure packages'.
Salaries are sufficient to cover the cost of living in the host country.
Salaries are the main sticking point.
Salaries are the most common way to avoid having net income in the corporation.
Salaries are the most contentious unresolved items.
Salaries are the price of services rendered by employees.
Salaries are the responsibility of the employer and are determined by their wage structure.
Salaries are the second-highest cost of running the business.
Salaries are the underlying problem.
Salaries are the way most players keep track of one another.
Salaries are to be negotiated.
Salaries are to be paid by the respective districts in which the teachers are regularly employed.
Salaries are typically among the highest available to undergraduates.
Salaries are typically higher where the cost of living is higher.
Salaries are typically low by U.S. standards and taxes high.
Salaries are typically lower than in American locations.
Salaries are unfair.
Salaries are up and companies are searching for entry level employees.
Salaries are up significantly.
Salaries are up.
Salaries are usually competitive with other businesses in an area.
Salaries are usually similar in the private sector and slightly lower in government.
Salaries are usually the same as community rates.
Salaries are variable.
Salaries are very competitive - definitely on the higher end of the professional spectrum.
Salaries are very competitive right now.
Salaries are very competitive with generous fringe benefits.
Salaries are very competitive, with room and board included.
Salaries are very competitive.
Salaries are very divergent in the theater.
Salaries Be sure that the sponsor allows salaries as part of the project costs.
Salaries budgeted are estimates.
Salaries buy less and they become more precious.
Salaries can also change from area and location.
Salaries can be quite modest at the start and work practices are often anti-social.
Salaries can double in just three to five years.
Salaries can go higher for workers with computer or forklift training.
Salaries can often reflect the value society places on a given service or skill.
Salaries can rise quickly if the employer is impressed with the contribution of the employee.
Salaries can vary based on experience, education and time in the industry.
Salaries can vary by state.
Salaries can vary greatly in different institutions and areas.
Salaries can vary over time, and a salary history for each level is maintained.
Salaries can vary with location depending on the prevailing cost of living adjustment.
Salaries can vary with the nature of the position and the educational level of the student.
Salaries come from grants.
Salaries commensate with experience.
Salaries commensurate with age and experience.
Salaries commensurate with experience and level of achievement.
Salaries commensurate with experience and qualifications.
Salaries commensurate with experience.
Salaries commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salaries commensurate with qualifications.
Salaries commensurate with skills and experience.
Salaries commensurate with training and experience.
Salaries constitute the single largest category of costs paid by research sponsors.
Salaries continue to increase to attract graduates with international expertise.
Salaries continue to rise - for all majors.
Salaries Continue to Rise.
Salaries continue to skyrocket, just like the players in pro athletics.
Salaries depend on ability, employer needs, and industry standards.
Salaries depend on both military rank and length of service.
Salaries depend on each person's education, experience, and specific discipline.
Salaries depend on each state.
Salaries depend on education and place of employment.
Salaries depend on experience, but are above Swedish academic average.
Salaries depend on job responsibilities, location, and hours of work.
Salaries depend on qualifications and experience.
Salaries depend on the amount of education and experience of the statistician.
Salaries depend on the economy, industry, job title, company size, tradition, and competition.
Salaries depend on the exchange rate of the dollar.
Salaries depend on the institution for which one is working.
Salaries depend on the job and the location of the job.
Salaries depend on the job title, work involved and experience required.
Salaries depend on the part of the country, hours worked and type of nursing.
Salaries depend on the size of the establishment and the number of services performed.
Salaries depend on the type and place of employment and the level of preparation.
Salaries depend on years of formal education and teaching experience.
Salaries depend upon camp experience, teaching ability, and age.
Salaries depend upon job setting and if the individual is employed on an academic or calendar year.
Salaries determinate, but effective.
Salaries differ as well.
Salaries differ based on the type of business.
Salaries differ depending upon the type of job obtained and the amount of post-secondary training.
Salaries differ little within fields and age groups as well.
Salaries differ widely with the sport.
Salaries do vary according to geographic region.
Salaries do vary based upon experience and relevant certification.
Salaries exceed most nursing specialties, depending on location and experience.
Salaries exclude housing, sign-on bonuses, commissions, and benefits.
Salaries exclude relocation, variable year-end bonuses, commissions, stock options and benefits .
Salaries Explain why the increase is necessary and for whom.
Salaries fall, prices rise, and shareholder dividends shrink.
Salaries Following are some general guidelines for determining salary rates.
Salaries generally are higher in large organizations than in small ones.
Salaries given are sufficient to obtain qualified personnel in most areas.
Salaries go up, positions change, and the minimum wage changes.
Salaries go up, then they kind of plateau, and they stay a while.
Salaries go up, ticket prices go up.
Salaries gobble up money raised, too.
Salaries here are healthy and getting healthier with a revitalised economy.
Salaries here are nationally competitive.
Salaries here are very low.
Salaries here tend to be lower than in the United States and some parts of Europe.
Salaries improve according to qualifications held.
Salaries increase each year an instructor returns.
Salaries increase each year.
Salaries increase rapidly with examination success.
Salaries increase rapidly with experience.
Salaries involve cash outflows.
Salaries is commensurate with experience.
Salaries keep escalating to allow employees to find decent living conditions in the village.
Salaries keep rising, and many newly minted engineers get whopping signing bonuses.
Salaries listed are for the entire season.
Salaries listed are median salaries for Northern California.
Salaries listed below represent the minimum of the salary range.
Salaries listed include the local supplement required at the time.
Salaries make up about half of spending.
Salaries never fall below the scale for the assigned step.
Salaries paid by agencies vary with the demographics of the agency.
Salaries posted are for informational purposes only.
Salaries range depending upon qualifications and experience.
Salaries range greatly from one occupation, position, and work setting to another.
Salaries range upon experience.
Salaries really are worse than they appear at the associate and non-endowed full professor level.
Salaries reflect typical entry level salaries for individual majors.
Salaries remain the sticking point in that labor action.
Salaries represent all costs associated with the payments to or on behalf of the faculty and staff.
Salaries rise according to experience and additional education.
Salaries rise with years of experience.
Salaries seem to be across the board for managers with bachelor's or master's degrees.
Salaries shown are base salaries, for permanent employees only.
Salaries shown are in U.S. dollars.
Salaries start at minimum wage and range upward according to skills and experience.
Salaries start in the twenties and thirties but average in the mid-forties.
Salaries start to rise.
Salaries start with entry-level hourly wages and go to seven figures.
Salaries tend to be better for chemists working in industry than in academia or government.
Salaries tend to be from the high five figures up.
Salaries tend to be higher at large stations and networks in major metropolitan areas.
Salaries tend to be higher in areas with high living costs and lower where it's cheaper to live.
Salaries tend to be higher in the south east.
Salaries tend to be higher in wealthy cities than elsewhere.
Salaries tend to be lower in academia and non-profit organisations than in industry.
Salaries tend to be lower in hospitals than in private practice.
Salaries tend to be lower in long-term care facilities and rural areas.
Salaries tend to be relatively consistent, but options vary by many orders of magnitude.
Salaries tend to increase quickly with experience.
Salaries tend to rise rapidly with advanced experience.
Salaries tend to vary with geographic regions and cost of living.
Salaries vary a great deal depending on area of the country, size of city, and industry.
Salaries vary a great deal depending on experience.
Salaries vary according to cinema size, the organisation, and geographical location.
Salaries vary according to education, type of job, experience and location.
Salaries vary according to employer and the individual's motivations.
Salaries vary according to experience and geographic location.
Salaries vary according to experience, level of education, geographic region and type of practice.
Salaries vary according to experience, training, geographic location, and place of employment.
Salaries vary according to geographic region and demand for service.
Salaries vary according to geographical regions and types of agencies.
Salaries vary according to job skills and experience, but are always at least minimum wage.
Salaries vary according to location and individual ability.
Salaries vary according to location.
Salaries vary according to position, qualifications and experience.
Salaries vary according to position, skill and experience.
Salaries vary according to position, skill, and experience.
Salaries vary according to qualifications and type, size and location of the library.
Salaries vary according to the geographical location.
Salaries vary according to the job and the employer.
Salaries vary according to the location, sector and size of the employing organisation.
Salaries vary according to the type and size of the employer and the geographic location of the job.
Salaries vary across the country.
Salaries vary among public relations firms, agencies, corporations, and non-profit organizations.
Salaries vary among the four disciplines.
Salaries vary among the jurisdictions.
Salaries vary among the school districts.
Salaries vary among the towns and villages.
Salaries vary and are commensurate based on years of experience.
Salaries vary and are commensurate with experience and scope of duties.
Salaries vary and commensurate based on years of experience.
Salaries vary around the country based on cost of living and individual groomers' skill and speed.
Salaries vary as to the type of employment, with the highest wages paid for construction labor.
Salaries vary based on experience and theatre location.
Salaries vary based on experience.
Salaries vary based on job locations and the cost of living.
Salaries vary based on position and work setting.
Salaries vary based on position.
Salaries vary based on the region of the country, demand for therapists, and reimbursement trends.
Salaries vary based on years of school and discipline.
Salaries vary between positions and are commensurate with skills and experience.
Salaries vary by employer and geographic location of employment.
Salaries vary by employer, position and skill level.
Salaries vary by experience, size, and type of institution.
Salaries vary by industry but often combine base plus bonus or commission.
Salaries vary by location.
Salaries vary by office.
Salaries vary by region and by size and type of organization.
Salaries vary by region to accommodate the cost of living in different cities.
Salaries vary by region, facility, registry status, and years of experience.
Salaries vary by regions to accommodate the cost of living in different cities.
Salaries vary by school district.
Salaries vary by size and type of employer, location, course work, and experience.
Salaries vary by specialty and level of experience.
Salaries vary by specialty and level of management.
Salaries vary by specialty, practice setting, geographical location, and years of experience.
Salaries vary by the type and characteristics of the employer.
Salaries vary by the type of work that the attorney chooses.
Salaries vary considerably because most are paid on commission.
Salaries vary considerably between clinical nutrition and managerial positions.
Salaries vary dependent upon the program chosen.
Salaries vary depending on a number of factors.
Salaries vary depending on educational background, experience, work setting, and location.
Salaries vary depending on experience, education, geographical area, and employer.
Salaries vary depending on experience, geographic area, and area of specialization.
Salaries vary depending on experience, tenure, and geographical location.
Salaries vary depending on geographical location, class level, employer, major, and experience.
Salaries vary depending on level of experience.
Salaries vary depending on location, candidates' skills, and previous job-related experience.
Salaries vary depending on location, the candidate's skill, and previous job-related experience.
Salaries vary depending on location, the candidate's skills, and previous job-related experience.
Salaries vary depending on skills and knowledge required, as well.
Salaries vary depending on the agency and the setting.
Salaries vary depending on the employer and geographic location.
Salaries vary depending on the employer.
Salaries vary depending on the experience of the individual and the regional cost of living.
Salaries vary depending on the level and location of thejob.
Salaries vary depending on the position and job qualifications.
Salaries vary depending on the position of responsibility, experience, and geographical location.
Salaries vary depending on the required skills and years of experience required.
Salaries vary depending on the school district, but are quite competitive.
Salaries vary depending upon geographic location, experience, scale of practice and education.
Salaries vary depending upon one's experience, geographical location and position.
Salaries vary depending upon one's experience, geographical location, and the position.
Salaries vary from country to country.
Salaries vary from cruise ship to cruise ship and from company to company.
Salaries vary from one geographical area to another.
Salaries vary from position to position and depend on the person s experience.
Salaries vary from position to position and depend somewhat on the person s experience.
Salaries vary greatly depending on career choice, level of degree and location.
Salaries vary greatly depending on geographic area.
Salaries vary greatly depending on location and type of business.
Salaries vary greatly from area to area and from position to position.
Salaries vary greatly from school to school.
Salaries vary greatly, depending on career choice, location and level of degree earned.
Salaries vary greatly, especially since many writers work as freelancers or contract hires.
Salaries vary greatly.
Salaries vary in accordance with the amount of education and the student's discipline.
Salaries vary in geographic areas.
Salaries vary somewhat between geographical areas and kind of employer.
Salaries vary somewhat with setting and geographic location.
Salaries vary upon experience and training.
Salaries vary widely around the country, however.
Salaries vary widely as they reflect individual talent.
Salaries vary widely by location.
Salaries vary widely depending on the position and region of the country.
Salaries vary widely depending upon location and field of study.
Salaries vary widely depending upon location and nature of the work performed.
Salaries vary widely from board to board and between graduate and undergraduate student employees.
Salaries vary widely in the private sector.
Salaries vary widely with experience.
Salaries vary widely, depending on the particular work history of the graduate.
Salaries vary widely, depending upon the position, the company and the geographical area.
Salaries vary wildly and are difficult to quantify.
Salaries vary with employer, location, and applicant's experience.
Salaries vary with employer, location, course work and related experience.
Salaries vary with employers and locations.
Salaries vary with location, skill level, experience, and employer.
Salaries vary with location.
Salaries vary with position and experience.
Salaries vary with responsibility of position and experience of the applicant.
Salaries vary with the employment setting, but are competitive with the other health fields.
Salaries vary with the job and market size.
Salaries vary with the position, geographic locale, work setting, and amount of experience.
Salaries vary with the type of nursing and geographical location.
Salaries vary with the workers location, education, and scope of responsibility.
Salaries vary within countries as well as Continents, so choose carefully.
Salaries vary, of course, depending upon training, level of experience, and geographical area.
Salary advances exclusive of interest charges.
Salary alone remains disparate.
Salary amounts on the schedule are monthly rates for a full-time assignment.
Salary based on experience, benefits include flexible schedule and complimentary drinks and cookies.
Salary based on experience, company provides uniforms.
Salary based on experience, wages negotiab le.
Salary begins after funding received.
Salary buys inside a wine therefore drink womens magazines.
Salary can also be a consideration.
Salary can be a sticky topic.
Salary can be motivational, but that can only go so far.
Salary can be quite good, especially in the larger, metropolitan regions.
Salary can be weekly, fortnightly, monthly or at any other period agreed.
Salary caps in place when funds are awarded are applicable.
Salary commens with experience.
Salary commensuartate with exp.
Salary commensurate on experience.
Salary commensurate to experience.
Salary commensurate upon experience.
Salary commensurate with abilities and experience.
Salary commensurate with abilities.
Salary commensurate with ability and experience plus an excellent benefits package.
Salary commensurate with ability and experience.
Salary commensurate with ability, experience, and qualifications.
Salary commensurate with ability.
Salary commensurate with academic and professional experience.
Salary commensurate with academic background and experience.
Salary commensurate with academic preparation and professional experience.
Salary commensurate with academic training and experience.
Salary commensurate with age and experience.
Salary commensurate with applicable work experience.
Salary commensurate with applicant s experience and qualifications.
Salary commensurate with applicant's credentials and work experience.
Salary commensurate with applicant's education and work experience.
Salary commensurate with applicant's experience and qualifications.
Salary commensurate with assistant rank.
Salary commensurate with background and experience.
Salary commensurate with background.
Salary commensurate with certifications.
Salary commensurate with competence.
Salary commensurate with credentials and experience.
Salary commensurate with credentials.
Salary commensurate with degree and experience.
Salary commensurate with degree and level of experience.
Salary commensurate with demonstrated experience and qualifications.
Salary commensurate with education and experience level.
Salary commensurate with education and experience plus excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with education and experience, compensation includes benefits.
Salary commensurate with education and experience, full benefit package.
Salary commensurate with education and experience, plus benefits.
Salary commensurate with education and experience, plus excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with education and experience.
Salary commensurate with education and experiences.
Salary commensurate with education and work experience.
Salary commensurate with education background and work experience.
Salary commensurate with educational background and experience.
Salary commensurate with educational background.
Salary commensurate with educational degree and experience.
Salary commensurate with educational preparation and teaching experience.
Salary commensurate with ex- perience.
Salary commensurate with exams and experience.
Salary commensurate with exp.
Salary commensurate with exper.
Salary commensurate with exper., excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with expereince.
Salary commensurate with experience - benefits package available.
Salary commensurate with experience .
Salary commensurate with experience and a yearly review based on performance.
Salary commensurate with experience and abilities.
Salary commensurate with experience and ability to rapidly progress.
Salary commensurate with experience and ability.
Salary commensurate with experience and achievement.
Salary commensurate with experience and background.
Salary commensurate with experience and benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience and capabilities.
Salary commensurate with experience and competitive with similar institutions.
Salary commensurate with experience and credentials.
Salary commensurate with experience and demonstrated ability.
Salary commensurate with experience and duties.
Salary commensurate with experience and education.
Salary commensurate with experience and educational background.
Salary commensurate with experience and exams.
Salary commensurate with experience and excellent benefit and relocation assistance.
Salary commensurate with experience and excellent benefit package.
Salary commensurate with experience and excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience and expertise.
Salary commensurate with experience and fit.
Salary commensurate with experience and hours spent teaching.
Salary commensurate with experience and in line with that recommended by federal funding agencies.
Salary commensurate with experience and includes and an outstanding benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience and includes competitive benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience and is competitive in the Bay Area.
Salary commensurate with experience and knowledge.
Salary commensurate with experience and level of certification, plus excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience and negotiable.
Salary commensurate with experience and performance.
Salary commensurate with experience and position.
Salary commensurate with experience and qualification.
Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications, benefits and relocation.
Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications, comprehensive benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications, including a full benefit package.
Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications, plus excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications.
Salary commensurate with experience and rank.
Salary commensurate with experience and responsibilities.
Salary commensurate with experience and skill level.
Salary commensurate with experience and skill set.
Salary commensurate with experience and skill.
Salary commensurate with experience and skills.
Salary commensurate with experience and track record.
Salary commensurate with experience and training of the applicant.
Salary commensurate with experience and training plus excellent fringe benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience and training, plus excellent fringe benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience and training, plus full fringe benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience and training.
Salary commensurate with experience and very competitive.
Salary commensurate with experience and with administrative salary scale.
Salary commensurate with experience level.
Salary commensurate with experience plus benefits package incl.
Salary commensurate with experience plus benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience plus commission.
Salary commensurate with experience plus competitive benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience plus comprehensive and fully paid benefits program.
Salary commensurate with experience plus excellent benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience plus excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience plus excellent fringe benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience plus full benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience plus health and pension benefits provided.
Salary commensurate with experience with an excellent benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience with comprehensive benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience with excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, and a comprehensive benefit package is available.
Salary commensurate with experience, and includes a full benefit package.
Salary commensurate with experience, background, and education.
Salary commensurate with experience, benefits are excellent.
Salary commensurate with experience, benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, comprehensive benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, computer and orginizational skills.
Salary commensurate with experience, credentials and education.
Salary commensurate with experience, education and certifications.
Salary commensurate with experience, excellent benefits offered.
Salary commensurate with experience, excellent benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience, excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, extensive benefit package.
Salary commensurate with experience, extensive benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience, four weeks vacation, health insurance and relocation.
Salary commensurate with experience, full benefit package, relocation expenses.
Salary commensurate with experience, full health and dental, and four weeks paid vacation.
Salary commensurate with experience, generous benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience, generous vacation and benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, good benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, housing and transportation provided.
Salary commensurate with experience, including commission, bonus, and benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, inclused excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, merit bonuses, full package of benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, performance based bonuses.
Salary commensurate with experience, plus a benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience, plus an outstanding employee benefits package.
Salary commensurate with experience, plus benefits.
Salary commensurate with experience, plus commissions.
Salary commensurate with experience, plus comprehensive benefit package.
Salary commensurate with experience, plus incentive program.
Salary commensurate with experience, plus incentives available.
Salary commensurate with experience, plus quarterly bonus based on performance.
Salary commensurate with experience, qualifications and rank.
Salary commensurate with experience, significant stock options part of the package.
Salary commensurate with ex-perience.
Salary commensurate with experience.
Salary commensurate with experince.
Salary commensurate with expertise and experience.
Salary commensurate with graduate stipends.
Salary commensurate with individual's education and experience.
Salary commensurate with job fit and work experience.
Salary commensurate with job responsibility, work experience and degree.
Salary commensurate with previous applicable work experience.
Salary commensurate with prior experience.
Salary commensurate with professional experience and demonstrated ability.
Salary commensurate with proven experience.
Salary commensurate with provincial scale.
Salary commensurate with qualification and experience.
Salary commensurate with qualification.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and achievement.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience at the entry level.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience with a comprehensive benefits package.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience with excellent benefits.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience, contingent upon funding.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience, plus a good benefits package.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and level of appointment.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and past experience.
Salary commensurate with qualifications and supplemented with funds for research and travel.
Salary commensurate with qualifications of applicant.
Salary commensurate with qualifications, abilities and experience.
Salary commensurate with qualifications, experience, and amounts cancelled.
Salary commensurate with qualifications, experience, and number of units taught.
Salary commensurate with qualifications.
Salary commensurate with rank and experience.
Salary commensurate with rank and qualifications.
Salary commensurate with responsibilities and experience.
Salary commensurate with skill level.
Salary commensurate with skill.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience and an excellent benefits package.
Salary commensurate with skills and experience.
Salary commensurate with speed and efficiency.
Salary commensurate with teacher contract salary.
Salary commensurate with the candidate s qualifications and experience.
Salary commensurate with the education and experience of the applicant.
Salary commensurate with the experience of the candidate.
Salary commensurate with the qualifications and achievements of the candidate.
Salary commensurate with the state corrections agent classification schedule.
Salary commensurate with training and experience.
Salary commensurate with value.
Salary commensurates with experience.
Salary commensurates with qualification and working experience. .
Salary commesurate with qualifications.
Salary commiserates with skill.
Salary compensates for time in class, as well as for preparation time and time for grading.
Salary completely depends on experience and is open.
Salary consummate with experience.
Salary consummates with experience.
Salary covers the cost of benefits only.
Salary cross into several division instead declare pistons hats.
Salary depends on background and experience.
Salary depends on degree level and contact hours.
Salary depends on degree, experience, and current academic salary.
Salary depends on education and experience.
Salary depends on education level.
Salary depends on educational level.
Salary depends on exp.
Salary depends on exper.
Salary depends on experience and ability.
Salary depends on experience and educational credentials.
Salary depends on experience and includes an excellent benefits package.
Salary depends on experience and qualifications.
Salary depends on experience and stock options and benefits are offered.
Salary depends on experience and training.
Salary depends on experience but includes incentive bonuses.
Salary depends on experience level.
Salary depends on experience, and is commission.
Salary depends on experience, education and age.
Salary depends on experience, plus generous benefits.
Salary depends on experience.
Salary Depends on experience.
Salary depends on faculty rank and experience.
Salary depends on knowledge and experience.
Salary depends on place of employment and experience.
Salary depends on qualification with excellent benefits including retirement.
Salary depends on qualifications and experience and includes a flexible benefit package.
Salary depends on qualifications and experience and includes a flexible benefits package.
Salary depends on qualifications and experience.
Salary depends on qualifications, complete benefits package.
Salary depends on qualifications, with excellent benefit package.
Salary depends on qualifications.
Salary depends on rank and experience.
Salary depends on skills.
Salary depends on the company assignment.
Salary Depends on the level of expertise required.
Salary depends on the nanny s age, experience, education, and job responsibilities.
Salary depends on the nanny's education, experience and exactly what the job demands are.
Salary depends on the position.
Salary depends on the size of the system, the scope of responsibility and the geographic location.
Salary depends upon age, qualifications and experience.
Salary depends upon experience and position.
Salary depends upon experience and qualifications.
Salary depends upon experience with an excellent benefits package provided.
Salary depends upon experience.
Salary depends upon qualifications and experience.
Salary depends upon qualifications.
Salary does count for something.
Salary does vary according to years in practice, geographic location and reputation.
Salary dunlop tennis racket.
Salary feel out a place thus shoot chicken rice soups.
Salary feel out a place thus shoot cranberry christmas salsa.
Salary feel out a place thus shoot garlic bread.
Salary feel out a place thus shoot organic lemons.
Salary feel out a place thus shoot pork tenderloin recipe.
Salary freezes .
Salary generates Selves among lots wealth underneath some winter.
Salary includes a vehicle and incentive based on profits.
Salary includes a vehicle.
Salary includes amounts that are subject to deferred compensation or tax shelter agreements.
Salary includes base plus commission.
Salary includes benefits commensurate with capabilities and performance.
Salary includes bonus and company vehicle.
Salary includes bonus.
Salary includes excellent benefits.
Salary includes fringe benefits and is commensurate with experience.
Salary includes profit sharing and bonus plan.
Salary includes regular base pay, acting pay, bonuses and lump sum payments.
Salary includes room and board while at camp and is paid during the summer camp season.
Salary includes room and board.
Salary includes straight time, gross pay, exclusive of premium pay.
Salary increases a.
Salary increases All employees receive salary reviews every six months.
Salary increases for all employees remain a legislative priority.
Salary increases for employees.
Salary increases for promotions are effective the day the promotion takes place.
Salary increases for represented employees are subject to contract negotiations.
Salary increases for staff.
Salary increases for state university faculty and staff.
Salary increases outside the norm can take time to make their way through corporate channels.
Salary increases to bring teachers to the national average are legislative mandates.
Salary increases to retain experienced employees.
Salary increases top the charts, followed by performance bonuses.
Salary increases upon lateral transfer require the approval of the appropriate delegated authority .
Salary increases with experience and certifications.
Salary increases with production.
Salary increases with qualifications, experience, and time.
Salary increases with successful reviews annually.
Salary increases with turnover.
Salary is a judgment of value .
Salary is a payment
Salary is a problem in both cases.
Salary is a range and depends on experience.
Salary is above minimum and with incentives depending on skills.
Salary is according to age and experience.
Salary is according to German BAT IIa.
Salary is according to the administrative salary schedule.
Salary is according to the German BAT IIa tariff.
Salary is active income.
Salary is also important as a means to retain excellent teachers.
Salary is always negotiable.
Salary is approx.
Salary is at market rate with twice yearly reviews.
Salary is attractive.
Salary is base plus commission with a competitive benefit package.
Salary is base plus commission.
Salary is but part of the story, given the other money-making opportunities around.
Salary is by the number of bikes assembled.
Salary is ca.
Salary is chargeable to tax on due or receipt basis, whichever matures earlier.
Salary is comenserate with experience level.
Salary is comensurate with experience and competitive.
Salary is comensurate with experience.
Salary is commensurate and negotiable with relevant work experience.
Salary is commensurate on experience.
Salary is commensurate on post-graduate level.
Salary is commensurate to applicant's experience and credentials.
Salary is commensurate to experience and qualifications.
Salary is commensurate to experience in the mortgage industry.
Salary is commensurate to rank, experience, and qualifications.
Salary is commensurate upon background and experience.
Salary is commensurate upon experience.
Salary is commensurate upon qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with abilities.
Salary is commensurate with ability and experience.
Salary is commensurate with ability and is very competitive.
Salary is commensurate with ability.
Salary is commensurate with academic and professional background.
Salary is commensurate with academic preparation and appropriate experience.
Salary is commensurate with accomplishments and capabilities.
Salary is commensurate with age and experience.
Salary is commensurate with appointment type.
Salary is commensurate with background and experience, including a competitive benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with background and experience.
Salary is commensurate with background, and Federal benefits apply.
Salary is commensurate with background, knowledge, and experience.
Salary is commensurate with candidate's ability and experience.
Salary is commensurate with candidate's experience and qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with candidates' qualifications and experience.
Salary is commensurate with certification.
Salary is commensurate with credentials and experience.
Salary is commensurate with credentials.
Salary is commensurate with degree an experience.
Salary is commensurate with degree and experience.
Salary is commensurate with degree and qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with demonstrated abilities and experience.
Salary is commensurate with demonstrated capabilities and experience.
Salary is commensurate with depth and type of experience of the candidate.
Salary is commensurate with earned degree and teaching experience.
Salary is commensurate with education and experience and includes a generous benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with education and experience and the faculty benefits package applies.
Salary is commensurate with education and experience of the candidate.
Salary is commensurate with education and experience, and includes a generous benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with education and experience, and is based on a nine-month contract.
Salary is commensurate with education and experience, the position is open until filled.
Salary is commensurate with education and experience.
Salary is commensurate with education and work experience.
Salary is commensurate with experi- ence.
Salary is commensurate with experience .
Salary is commensurate with experience and a full benefits package is included.
Salary is commensurate with experience and abilities.
Salary is commensurate with experience and ability.
Salary is commensurate with experience and academic qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with experience and accomplishment.
Salary is commensurate with experience and background, and is very competitive.
Salary is commensurate with experience and background.
Salary is commensurate with experience and based upon a non-profit scale.
Salary is commensurate with experience and benefits are excellent.
Salary is commensurate with experience and certification.
Salary is commensurate with experience and competitive in the semiconductor industry.
Salary is commensurate with experience and competitive with other international organizations.
Salary is commensurate with experience and competitive within the job market.
Salary is commensurate with experience and competitive.
Salary is commensurate with experience and credentials.
Salary is commensurate with experience and degree.
Salary is commensurate with experience and degrees.
Salary is commensurate with experience and education background.
Salary is commensurate with experience and education, and includes a generous benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with experience and education.
Salary is commensurate with experience and educational background.
Salary is commensurate with experience and hours worked.
Salary is commensurate with experience and includes a generous benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with experience and includes an excellent benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with experience and includes benefit package.
Salary is commensurate with experience and includes benefits.
Salary is commensurate with experience and is based on local public school schedules.
Salary is commensurate with experience and is nationally competitive.
Salary is commensurate with experience and knowledge.
Salary is commensurate with experience and level of appointment.
Salary is commensurate with experience and number of courses taught.
Salary is commensurate with experience and provides a generous benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with experience and skill.
Salary is commensurate with experience and skills.
Salary is commensurate with experience and stock options are available to the right candidates.
Salary is commensurate with experience and the benefits are competitive.
Salary is commensurate with experience and their fantastic bonus incentives are easily attainable.
Salary is commensurate with experience and training.
Salary is commensurate with experience at the entry level.
Salary is commensurate with experience but generally attractive.
Salary is commensurate with experience for part time employees.
Salary is commensurate with experience plus excellent benefits.
Salary is commensurate with experience with an excellent fringe benefit package.
Salary is commensurate with experience with educational level.
Salary is commensurate with experience with excellent benefits.
Salary is commensurate with experience with other fringe benefits.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and a generous benefit package is offered.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and an excellent benefits package is provided.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and health benefits are included.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and position includes benefits.
Salary is commensurate with experience, and there is an excellent benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with experience, certification and education.
Salary is commensurate with experience, excellent benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus an excellent flexible benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus benefits.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus full benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus full health benefits and relocation expenses.
Salary is commensurate with experience, plus room and board.
Salary is commensurate with experience. .
Salary is commensurate with experience.
Salary is commensurate with experiences and qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with faculty rank and years of service and experience.
Salary is commensurate with level of education and relevant experience.
Salary is commensurate with level of experience.
Salary is commensurate with professional background and experience.
Salary is commensurate with professional experience and demonstrated ability.
Salary is commensurate with professional preparation and experience.
Salary is commensurate with professional qualifications and experience.
Salary is commensurate with quailifications and experience.
Salary is commensurate with qualification and experience.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience and competitive with comparable programs.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience and includes full benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience at either an associate or bachelors level.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience at either associate or bachelors level.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience of the successful candidate.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience, in keeping with the Collective Agreement.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience, plus excellent fringe benefits.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience, with excellent benefits.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary Is commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and includes an excellent benefits package.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications and rank.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications experience.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications, and experience.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications, excellent fringe benefits.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications, including education and experience.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications, training, and experience.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with qualifications.and experience.
Salary is commensurate with rank and credentials.
Salary is commensurate with rank and experience.
Salary is commensurate with rank and qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with rank, qualifications and experience.
Salary is commensurate with related qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with skill level.
Salary is commensurate with skills and experience.
Salary is commensurate with skills.
Salary is commensurate with test level achieved.
Salary is commensurate with the candidates age and experience.
Salary is commensurate with the candidate's qualifications and experience.
Salary is commensurate with the current collective agreement.
Salary is commensurate with the education and experience of the individual.
Salary is commensurate with the experience, skills, and training.
Salary is commensurate with the experience.
Salary is commensurate with the Provincial salary scale.
Salary is commensurate with the qualifications and experience of the successful candidate .
Salary is commensurate with the qualifications and experience of the successful candidate.
Salary is commensurate with the qualifications of the applicant.
Salary is commensurate with the qualifications.
Salary is commensurate with training and experience and a competitive benefits package is offered.
Salary is commensurate with training and experience in accordance with the Collective Agreement.
Salary is commensurate with training and experience, and a generous benefit package is included.
Salary is commensurate with training and experience.
Salary is commensurate with training, experience and ability.
Salary is commensurate with years of experience, based on union scale.
Salary is commensurate.
Salary is commerserate with experience.
Salary is commiserate with experience.
Salary is commission based with no ceiling.
Salary is commission.
Salary is competative and includes free housing.
Salary is competetive and covers regular cost of living adjustm ent.
Salary is competitive .
Salary is competitive an tax free.
Salary is competitive and a comprehensive benefits package is offered.
Salary is competitive and an attractive fringe benefits package is included.
Salary is competitive and an excellent benefits program is offered.
Salary is competitive and based on experience.
Salary is competitive and based on level of education and experience.
Salary is competitive and based on prior history of teaching and administrative experience.
Salary is competitive and based on qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive and based on qualifications.
Salary is competitive and based upon experience.
Salary is competitive and based upon qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive and benefits are excellent.
Salary is competitive and benefits excellent.
Salary is competitive and can be supplemented by giving private lessons.
Salary is competitive and comensuate with experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with ability and experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with academic preparation and experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with background and experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with background and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with credentials.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with degree and experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with education and experience, attractive benefits package.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with education and experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with education, experience and demonstrated ability.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with educational background and professional experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and background.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and credentials.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and education.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and other qualifications.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and productivity.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and rank.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience and skills.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience, subject to availability of funds.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with level of experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experiences.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications at the assistant professorship level.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications of applicant.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications, experience and professional achievement.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications, experience, and responsibilities.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with rank and experience.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with rank and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with the candidate s experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with the qualifications.
Salary is competitive and commensurate with training and experience.
Salary is competitive and complemented by an excellent benefits package .
Salary is competitive and complemented with a highly competitive benefits package.
Salary is competitive and consistent with qualifications.
Salary is competitive and contingent upon qualifications.
Salary is competitive and cost of living is low.
Salary is competitive and dependent on experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and dependent on qualifications.
Salary is competitive and dependent on training and experience.
Salary is competitive and dependent upon education and experience.
Salary is competitive and dependent upon experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and dependent upon qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive and dependent upon qualifications.
Salary is competitive and depends on candidate s experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and depends on experience level.
Salary is competitive and depends on qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive and depends on rank and experience.
Salary is competitive and depends upon experience.
Salary is competitive and depends upon qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive and fringe benefits are excellent.
Salary is competitive and fringe benefits are generous.
Salary is competitive and includes an excellent benefits package.
Salary is competitive and includes excellent fringe benefits.
Salary is competitive and includes excellent health benefits.
Salary is competitive and includes generous benefits.
Salary is competitive and is based on an objective salary scale.
Salary is competitive and is based on experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive and is based upon experience.
Salary is competitive and is commensurate with experience and credentials.
Salary is competitive and is commensurate with experience.
Salary is competitive and is commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive and is dependent on qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive and mindful of the expenses of life in a large urban environment.
Salary is competitive and negotiable based on experience and education.
Salary is competitive and negotiable based on experience.
Salary is competitive and negotiable, with an attractive benefits package.
Salary is competitive and negotiable.
Salary is competitive and office location is negotiable.
Salary is competitive and significant research support if provided.
Salary is competitive and supplemented by excellent fringe benefits.
Salary is competitive and tax-free.
Salary is competitive and the community and family support is exemplary.
Salary is competitive and the work schedule is flexible.
Salary is competitive and there is an extensive benefits package.
Salary is competitive andcommensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive based on experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive based on experience.
Salary is competitive based on qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive based on qualifications.
Salary is competitive contingent upon qualifications.
Salary is competitive depending on qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive depending on rank and experience.
Salary is competitive depending upon experience and ability.
Salary is competitive depending upon qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive depending upon qualifications.
Salary is competitive for an academic environment.
Salary is competitive for comprehensive universities.
Salary is competitive for educational qualifications.
Salary is competitive for experience and advanced degree.
Salary is competitive for the upper Rocky Mountain region.
Salary is competitive in the western region.
Salary is competitive internationally and the level of appointment dependent upon qualifications.
Salary is competitive nationally, with excellent benefits.
Salary is competitive with a comprehensive benefits package.
Salary is competitive with a generous benefits package.
Salary is competitive with additional incentive bonus.
Salary is competitive with an excellent benefits package.
Salary is competitive with an excellent retirement program and benefits.
Salary is competitive with business schools in Canada.
Salary is competitive with comparable institutions and is based on a salary schedule.
Salary is competitive with comprehensive benefits package.
Salary is competitive with current market values.
Salary is competitive with entry-level positions at similar institutions.
Salary is competitive with excellent benefits.
Salary is competitive with excellent fringe benefits.
Salary is competitive with excellent fringe benfits.
Salary is competitive with experience and academic qualifications.
Salary is competitive with full range of benefits.
Salary is competitive with generous bonus potential and stock options.
Salary is competitive with generous fringe benefits.
Salary is competitive with increases based on merit.
Salary is competitive with industry and commensurate with experience.
Salary is competitive with industry and is commensurate with experience.
Salary is competitive with institutions similar to Oakland for entry-level positions in the field.
Salary is competitive with market rates, and growth opportunities are unbounded.
Salary is competitive with non-profit legal services providers.
Salary is competitive with other agencies throughout New Mexico.
Salary is competitive with other area non-profit organizations.
Salary is competitive with other highly selective liberal arts colleges.
Salary is competitive with other universities.
Salary is competitive with qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive with rank.
Salary is competitive with senior scientists at universities.
Salary is competitive with similar post-doctoral positions.
Salary is competitive with similar schools and is based on education and experience.
Salary is competitive with surrounding jurisdictions.
Salary is competitive with the market, depending on the physician's qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive, and all living expenses are paid.
Salary is competitive, and based on experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive, and based on experience.
Salary is competitive, and can match highly motivated candidates.
Salary is competitive, and commensurate with experience of the successful candidate.
Salary is competitive, and commensurate with experience.
Salary is competitive, and medical, dental, and educational benefits are excellent.
Salary is competitive, and women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
Salary is competitive, based on educational qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive, based on experience and applicable skills.
Salary is competitive, based on experience and qualifications.
Salary is competitive, based on qualification and experience.
Salary is competitive, based on qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive, based on qualifications.
Salary is competitive, based on skills and experience.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with education and experience.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with experience and background.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with experience and qualifications, plus attractive benefits.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with experience and skills.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with experience with a comprehensive benefits package available.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with experience, including benefits.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with experience.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is competitive, commensurate with qualifications.
Salary is competitive, dependent on experience, with excellent benefits.
Salary is competitive, dependent upon qualifications.
Salary is competitive, depending on experience, plus commission.
Salary is competitive, depending on professional degree and experience.
Salary is competitive, depending on qualifications and background.
Salary is competitive, depending on qualifications.
Salary is competitive, depending upon experience.
Salary is competitive, depending upon qualifications and background.
Salary is competitive, excellent benefits package.
Salary is competitive, fringe benefits are excellent, and atmosphere is very collegial.
Salary is competitive, including benefits.
Salary is competitive, negotiable and commensurate with qualifications.
Salary is competitive, rank, and tenure probationary period are negotiable.
Salary is competitive, with excellent benefits.
Salary is competitive, with outstanding benefits.
Salary is competitive.
Salary is completely negoitable.
Salary is confidential and flexible, housing and board are provided.
Salary is consistent with qualifications and experience.
Salary is consistent with rank and experience.
Salary is consummate with experience.
Salary is contingent on experience and qualifications.
Salary is contingent on experience.
Salary is contingent upon education and experience.
Salary is contingent upon qualifications.
Salary is current academic year salary, plus two biweekly pay periods of summer salary.
Salary is currently under review.
Salary is dependant on experience.
Salary is dependant on qualifications and experience.
Salary is dependant upon experience.
Salary is dependant upon skills.
Salary is dependent of experience.
Salary is dependent on age and experience.
Salary is dependent on degree level and paid on a per credit hour basis.
Salary is dependent on degrees and experience.
Salary is dependent on education and experience.
Salary is dependent on experience and ability.
Salary is dependent on experience and certification.
Salary is dependent on experience and documented salary history.
Salary is dependent on experience and education.
Salary is dependent on experience and qualifications.
Salary is dependent on experience and skills.
Salary is dependent on experience.
Salary is dependent on level of certification obtained from the State of North Carolina.
Salary is dependent on level of demonstrated expertise.
Salary is dependent on level of work experience at the university and position responsibilities.
Salary is dependent on qualification and experience.
Salary is dependent on qualification.
Salary is dependent on qualifications and experience.
Salary is dependent on qualifications and the level of education completed.
Salary is dependent on qualifications.
Salary is dependent on related experience.
Salary is dependent on subject matter.
Salary is dependent upon academic qualifications and experience.
Salary is dependent upon academic seniority.
Salary is dependent upon credentials.
Salary is dependent upon education and experience.
Salary is dependent upon educational background and experience.
Salary is dependent upon educational background, business experience, and teaching experience.
Salary is dependent upon educational preparation and experience.
Salary is dependent upon educational preparation and professional experience.
Salary is dependent upon educational preparation, experience and training.
Salary is dependent upon efforts.
Salary is dependent upon experience and qualifications.
Salary is dependent upon experience and therefore also negotiable as a fractional appointment.
Salary is dependent upon experience level and current certification status.
Salary is dependent upon experience.
Salary is dependent upon highest degree earned, years of teaching and related employment experience.
Salary is dependent upon hours worked.
Salary is dependent upon length of contract.
Salary is dependent upon preparation and experience.
Salary is dependent upon qualifications .
Salary is dependent upon qualifications and experience.
Salary is dependent upon qualifications.
Salary is dependent upon rank and qualifications.
Salary is dependent upon relevant experience.
Salary is dependent upon speed, accuracy and experience.
Salary is dependent upon the appointee's qualifications and experience.
Salary is dependent upon the candidate's qualifications and experience.
Salary is dependent upon the prior experience and skills of the applicant.
Salary is directly contingent on transferable skills, knowledge, and experience.
Salary is entry level and commensurate with experience.
Salary is equal to experience.
Salary is excellent and is negotiable depending on previous experience.
Salary is excellent, and the environment is welcoming and friendly.
Salary is extremely competitive and commensurate with experience and qualifications.
Salary is extremely competitive.
Salary is fair compensation for services.
Salary is fairly limited as well.
Salary is flexible based on qualifications.
Salary is flexible depending on experience.
Salary is for an entry-level position and subject to budgetary approval.
Salary is for Dallas and Houston only.
Salary is for Texas only.
Salary is for the fall marching season and is based on experience.
Salary is funded partially by external grants.
Salary is good.
Salary is 'gross' before taxes, and employer intends to withhold employee income taxes.
Salary is guaranteed.
Salary is high.
Salary is highly competitive and benefits are provided.
Salary is highly competitive and commensurate with experience, training and market conditions.
Salary is highly competitive and commensurate with experience.
Salary is highly competitive and consistent with qualifications.
Salary is highly competitive and dependent on experience.
Salary is highly competitive and dependent on qualifications and experience.
Salary is highly competitive with excellent benefits.
Salary is highly competitive with full benefits.
Salary is highly competitive with generous startup equipment packages.
Salary is highly competitive, and housing on or near the campus is provided for free.
Salary is highly competitive.
Salary is hourly, commensurate with experience.
Salary is hourly, starting wage is dependent on experience.
Salary is in accordance with the collective agreement and experience.
Salary is in accordance with the Collective Agreement.
Salary is in line with other agencies in the metropolitan area.
Salary is in no way commensurate with knowledge or ability.
Salary is in the high thirties.
Salary is in the low thirties.
Salary is in the low twenties, based on experience.
Salary is in the mid-twenties depending on experience.
Salary is just one of the elements of income.
Salary is just one of the factors to consider.
Salary is locally competitive.
Salary is minimum wage plus commission non-exempt.
Salary is minimum wage.
Salary is money.
Salary is more distinctive.
Salary is more of a motivation than loyalty.
Salary is more than sufficient to live on the local economy.
Salary is negotiable above the minimum of the pay band based on qualifications.
Salary is negotiable according to qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable after initial evaluation period.
Salary is negotiable and additional research support is anticipated.
Salary is negotiable and based on experience.
Salary is negotiable and based on personal needs.
Salary is negotiable and based on qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable and based upon experience.
Salary is negotiable and benefits are competitive.
Salary is negotiable and benefits are included.
Salary is negotiable and benefits available.
Salary is negotiable and commensurate with background.
Salary is negotiable and commensurate with education and experience.
Salary is negotiable and commensurate with experience and education.
Salary is negotiable and commensurate with experience and qualifications.
Salary is negotiable and commensurate with experience.
Salary is negotiable and commensurate with expertise and experience.
Salary is negotiable and commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable and commensurate with qualifications.
Salary is negotiable and competitive based on education and experience.
Salary is negotiable and competitive dependent upon qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable and competitive.
Salary is negotiable and dependent on experience.
Salary is negotiable and dependent on the successful candidate s qualifications.
Salary is negotiable and dependent on the successful candidate's qualifications.
Salary is negotiable and depends on experience.
Salary is negotiable and includes a complete benefit package.
Salary is negotiable and is based on education level and experience.
Salary is negotiable and is commensurate with experience.
Salary is negotiable and malpractice insurance paid.
Salary is negotiable and position is located in Colorado.
Salary is negotiable and regionally competitive.
Salary is negotiable and resident representatives receive a housing allowance.
Salary is negotiable and the position is immediate.
Salary is negotiable and very competitive.
Salary is negotiable at a competitive level.
Salary is negotiable based on background and experience.
Salary is negotiable based on board certification and experience.
Salary is negotiable based on education and experience.
Salary is negotiable based on education level and experience with children.
Salary is negotiable based on experience and education.
Salary is negotiable based on experience and reliability.
Salary is negotiable based on experience and state registration.
Salary is negotiable based on experience with a competitive benefit package.
Salary is negotiable based on experience, qualifications and funding support.
Salary is negotiable based on experience, research record and rank.
Salary is negotiable based on experience.
Salary is negotiable based on faculty rank as established by a collective bargaining agreement.
Salary is negotiable based on position, education, and experience.
Salary is negotiable based on qualifications and experience with opportunities for advancement.
Salary is negotiable based on qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable based on qualifications.
Salary is negotiable based upon education, experience and training.
Salary is negotiable based upon experience and background.
Salary is negotiable based upon experience and education.
Salary is negotiable based upon experience with attractive benefits.
Salary is negotiable based upon experience.
Salary is negotiable based upon qualifications.
Salary is negotiable based upon teaching and professional experience and earned degree.
Salary is negotiable'' concludes the ad.
Salary is negotiable dependent on level of commitment.
Salary is negotiable dependent on the successful candidate's experience and credentials.
Salary is negotiable dependent upon experience.
Salary is negotiable dependent upon the applicant's qualifications.
Salary is negotiable depending on applicant's skill level.
Salary is negotiable depending on background and experience, with excellent fringe benefits.
Salary is negotiable depending on experience and education.
Salary is negotiable depending on experience and qualifications.
Salary is negotiable depending on experience.
Salary is negotiable depending on knowledge and abilities.
Salary is negotiable depending on pediatric experience.
Salary is negotiable depending on qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable depending on qualifications.
Salary is negotiable depending on skills and experience with preferred tools and technologies.
Salary is negotiable depending on the qualifications and experience of the successful candidate.
Salary is negotiable depending upon experience.
Salary is negotiable for full time sworn officers.
Salary is negotiable for qualified candidates.
Salary is negotiable for the right candidate.
Salary is negotiable to commensurate with experience.
Salary is negotiable with a great benefits package.
Salary is negotiable with excellent benefits.
Salary is negotiable with experience.
Salary is negotiable with housing.
Salary is negotiable within a certain range.
Salary is negotiable within ranges established by a collective bargaining agreement.
Salary is negotiable within the pay range depending on education and experience.
Salary is negotiable, and is commensurate with experience.
Salary is negotiable, and is comparable with academic salaries at major U.S. institutions.
Salary is negotiable, and long-term commitment is required.
Salary is negotiable, and position is contingent upon funding.
Salary is negotiable, and room and board is an option.
Salary is negotiable, at the market rate for the position.
Salary is negotiable, based on background and experience.
Salary is negotiable, based on education and experience.
Salary is negotiable, based on experience, and medical benefits are included.
Salary is negotiable, based on qualifications, and benefits and housing are available.
Salary is negotiable, commensurate with educational background and experience.
Salary is negotiable, commensurate with experience and is subject to final budgetary approval.
Salary is negotiable, commensurate with qualification s and experience.
Salary is negotiable, commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable, depending on background and qualifications.
Salary is negotiable, depending on experience and education.
Salary is negotiable, depending on experience.
Salary is negotiable, depending on qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable, depending on qualifications.
Salary is negotiable, depending on the experience, training, and accomplishments of the candidate.
Salary is negotiable, depending upon experience.
Salary is negotiable, depending upon qualifications and experience.
Salary is negotiable, depending upon the experience of the applicant.
Salary is negotiable, fully competitive including a benefits program.
Salary is negotiable, highly competitive and commensurate with level of skill and experience.
Salary is negotiable. .
Salary is negotiable.
Salary is negotiable-depending on experience.
Salary is neogotionable.
Salary is never the singlemost issue.
Salary is no bar for the right candidate.
Salary is no big deal but going to U.S. to work for the right person is.
Salary is no constraint to the right type of candidate.
Salary is no longer the reason that employees search for another position.
Salary is now very competitive and benefits are excellent.
Salary is often a criterion for who gets laid off or cut.
Salary is often dependent upon merit and experience and varies between sectors and employers.
Salary is on a commission basis.
Salary is on commission basics.
Salary is one component of job satisfaction and an important one, but only one.
Salary is one element in the total package.
Salary is one of the major reasons.
Salary is one of the most important yet least understood considerations in the job search.
Salary is one reason.
Salary is only one aspect of the compensation made available to museum directors.
Salary is only one factor.
Salary is only one part of the total compensation package.
Salary is open and commensurate with education and experience.
Salary is open and competitive.
Salary is open and dependent upon experience.
Salary is open and negotiable.
Salary is open depending on experience and qualifications.
Salary is open depending on experience.
Salary is open depending on qualifications.
Salary is open depending on the qualifications.
Salary is open for the right candidate.
Salary is open with vacations and holidays off.
Salary is open, depending upon qualifications and background.
Salary is open, depending upon the qualifications and experience of the applicant.
Salary is open.
Salary is payable in arrears no later than the last day of each month by bank transfer.
Salary is payable in monthly increments.
Salary is payable twice monthly.
Salary is probably the least important, because that happens over time rather than right away.
Salary is quite competitive.
Salary is regionally competitive and based on experience.
Salary is regionally competitive with excellent fringe benefits.
Salary is relatively easy.
Salary is something else that varies widely.
Salary is still the primary consideration.
Salary is stipend.
Salary is subject to applicable federal and state withholding taxes.
Salary is subject to enrollment.
Salary is subject to funding and experience.
Salary is tax-free and free, furnished housing is provided.
Salary is the key issue.
Salary is the main area of concern.
Salary is the main problem and predicted change in high school.
Salary is the major issue for faculty and administrators to settle on.
Salary is the member's base salary on which pension contributions are based.
Salary is the most important incentive.
Salary is the only field required.
Salary is the responsibility of employers and is determined by their organization's wage structure.
Salary is the responsibility of employers and is determined by their wage structure.
Salary is the second most important factor, followed by career- development opportunities.
Salary is the taxable item.
Salary is to be commensurate with experience but negotiable.
Salary is to be determined.
Salary is to be negotiated, commensurate with experience.
Salary is to be negotiated.
Salary is totally negotiable plus aggressive stock incentives.
Salary is usually performance related.
Salary is variable and travel can be extensive.
Salary is variable, depending on the qualifications of the successful candidate.
Salary is very attractive.
Salary is very competetive.
Salary is very competitive and based on experience with an excellent fringe benefit package.
Salary is very competitive and commensurate with ability.
Salary is very competitive and commensurate with education and experience.
Salary is very competitive and commensurate with experience.
Salary is very competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is very competitive and commensurate with the qualifications of the candidate.
Salary is very competitive and consistent with the level of experience of the candidate.
Salary is very competitive and is commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is very competitive and negotiable.
Salary Is very competitive for our region, environment and clinical work load.
Salary is very competitive, based upon qualifications and experience.
Salary is very competitive, commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Salary is very competitive, commensurate with qualifications.
Salary is very competitive, depends on facility size and experience level of applicant.
Salary is very competitive, with summer support and reduced teaching load.
Salary is very competitive.
Salary is very flexible.
Salary is VERY flexible.
Salary is very negotiable.
Salary is wide ranging based on the duties and housing for the couple.
Salary is yet to be negotiated.
Salary means base salary on which pension contributions are taken.
Salary needs to be improved in order to draw students to the teaching career.
Salary offers vary according to the academic disciplines of graduates.
Salary provides substantial financial support.
Salary provides the most security, commission the most incentive.
Salary raises for the latter have little to do with corporate profits or long-term corporate health.
Salary range competitive and commensurate with experience.
Salary range high thirties to low forties and commensurate with education and experience.
Salary range high twenties-low thirties depending on experience with outstanding benefits package.
Salary range to be discussed.
Salary ranges and application deadlines are also included.
Salary ranges and the contact person is included.
Salary ranges by prevalence.
Salary ranges for an entry-level position vary depending upon the setting and region of the country.
Salary ranges for appropriate skill level.
Salary ranges for graduates of such programs vary by region.
Salary ranges from approx.
Salary ranges in health promotion vary considerably with venue.
Salary ranges listed for many positions.
Salary ranges listed for most positions.
Salary ranges then are determined for each job grade.
Salary ranges usually overlap between junior and senior positions.
Salary ranges with experience.
Salary ranges, job titles, reponsibility lists, and other for webmasters in Silicon Valley.
Salary reduces the corporation's net income.
Salary reflects experience and track record.
Salary reflects locality pay adjustment.
Salary reflects locality pay.
Salary remains a responsibility of the home department throughout the duration of the secondment.
Salary scales reward length of service and the accumulation of experience.
Salary shown in table reflects annualized salary.
Salary Still Counts Money is obviously important.
Salary stipends available for individuals who have relevant experience.
Salary think America under a hay around most stocking.
Salary upgrades for librarians and archivists.
Salary varies between employers.
Salary varies by experience and training.
Salary varies by gender, field of highest degree, and job function.
Salary varies by location.
Salary varies by position.
Salary varies dependant upon responsibilities.
Salary varies depending on degree and experience.
Salary varies depending on educational background and work experience.
Salary varies depending on experience.
Salary varies depending on job.
Salary varies depending on level of experience and knowledge of drilling operation.
Salary varies depending on level of experience.
Salary varies depending on qualification.
Salary varies depending on skills and experience .
Salary varies for temporary employees.
Salary varies greatly based on occupation.
Salary varies somewhat from campus to campus.
Salary varies too much to put a number on it or even a range.
Salary varies with educational degree and years of experience.
Salary varies with employer and location.
Salary varies with experience.
Salary varies with jurisdiction.
Salary varies with number of hours worked.
Salary varies with position.
Salary varies with qualifications and experience.
Salary varies with qualifications.
Salary varies with specific job responsibilities and experience.
Salary varies with the position.
Salary varies, depending on education and type of work performed.
Salary vary by experience, size, and type of institution.
Salaries often increase the most when a faculty member leaves one institution for another.
Salaries usually account for the bulk of the expenses in each category.
All salaries are commensurate with degree and experience.
All salaries are commensurate with education and work experience.
All salaries are commensurate with experience.
All salaries are currently tax-free.
All salaries are dependent on experience and qualifications.
All salaries are in UK pounds sterling.
All salaries are minimum rates of pay.
All salaries are negotiable with experience and education.
All salaries are reckoned on contingent as well as on actual services.
All salaries are subject to appropriations.
All salaries are subject to regular review.
All salaries are subject to statutory payroll deductions.
All salaries are taxable income.
All salaries are under review.
All salaries depend on the nature of the project and the skill of the specialists .
All salaries listed are annual salaries unless otherwise indicated.
All salaries listed are merely guidelines and are subject to change based on client specifications.
All salaries listed are the full salary range.
All salaries listed are yearly unless otherwise noted.
All salaries require fringe benefits, which are discussed below.
All salaries shown are negotiable.
All salary offers depend upon the company and industry making the offer.
All salarys are competitive and commensurate with experience.
Every salary is negotiable.
Some salaries are non-negotiable.
Salcylic acid is ineffective.
Some sale charge reflects deduction.
Most sale contracts are contingent upon attorney approval and inspection.
Sale managers advise representatives.
Sale managers advise sale representatives.
Sale managers are more registered-orientated.
Sale managers determine effective sale strategies.
Sale managers determine effective strategies.
Sale managers determine strategies.
Sale managers have responsibility.
Sale managers respond to customers.
Sale managers train members.
Sale managers work with organizations.
Most sale managers advise representatives.
Most sale managers advise sale representatives.
Most sale managers determine effective sale strategies.
Most sale managers determine effective strategies.
Most sale managers determine strategies.
Most sale managers have responsibility.
Most sale managers respond to customers.
Most sale managers work with organizations.
Some sale managers enter occupations.
Sale representatives visit departments.
Most sale representatives visit departments.
Some sale representatives gain benefits.
Sale signs are in the stores and holiday decorations are everywhere.
Sale signs are up in windows of many of the toniest shops in town.
A sale is a marketing
Sale appear across an restaurant likewise swim linen jumper.
Sale applies to every item except suits of armour.
Sale applies to new bookings only.
Sale are a powerful and skillful unit who have won the league title for the last three years.
Sale can be time-consuming or awkward, however.
Sale catalogs every quarter of every year.
Sale Check our site often for new messages.
Sale Check the link below .
Sale combine past an half although charged billiards light.
Sale combine past an half although charged cardinals apparel.
Sale combine past an half although charged cardinals football.
Sale combine past an half although charged cardinals hats.
Sale come fumo di drago alle mie narici.
Sale comes first, later come causes and side effects.
Sale consists of vehicles, rental contracts, customers, and accessories.
Sale continues while supplies last.
Sale debunks the myth of progress.
Sale differ about a wind neither switch car price used.
Sale differ about a wind neither switch pajero convertable.
Sale ends at midnight tonight.
Sale ends soon.
Sale ends when current inventory is sold out.
Sale excludes exceptional value items, clearance and pre-owned merchandise.
Sale expires close of business date of publication.
Sale features rhododendrons.
Sale goes to highest bidder.
Sale goes to the highest bidder.
Sale has real coffee shop.
Sale includes a variety of pots for planting and garden-related items.
Sale includes all equipment, current contacts, and furniture.
Sale includes all equipment, supplies and a number of small utility buildings on site.
Sale includes all fixtures and inventory.
Sale includes all furnishings except one queen bed.
Sale includes all furniture, fixtures, dishes, glasses and flatware.
Sale includes bedding plants, perennials of all types and house plants.
Sale includes books, plants, appliances, clothing, furniture, jewelry and gift certificates.
Sale includes building, business, land, motel, other.
Sale includes building, land, and business.
Sale includes building, property and all supplies.
Sale includes business, real estate, equipment and inventory.
Sale includes business, real.
Sale includes client information, fixtures and inventory.
Sale includes dock, most furnishings and storage garage.
Sale includes exchange by way of a barter arrangement.
Sale includes land.
Sale includes lot.
Sale includes many items from an estate.
Sale includes name and accounts and non compete from owner.
Sale includes name, web site, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and inventory.
Sale includes one half of existing mineral rights.
Sale includes outboard power supply unit and addtional tube output extension unit seen in photos.
Sale includes property, equipment, inventory, and contract.
Sale includes purchase of one building and equipment.
Sale includes real estate, equipment and goodwill.
Sale includes refrigerator and range.
Sale includes shop and yard, all equipment, vehicles, inventory.
Sale includes total facility with many future affairs on the books.
Sale includes warrenty.
Sale includes washer, freezer and workbench in shed.
Sale includes, nursery, garden center, buildings, and landscaping.
Sale is a seal bid format.
Sale is also subject to Swiss Export Law.
Sale is applicable to orders placed in the United States only.
Sale is blue and green under surface with white leading edge.
Sale is by cash or check only.
Sale is by public auction.
Sale is cash and carry, payment by certified check.
Sale is director of the institute.
Sale is final.
Sale is for a limited time.
Sale is for blank cards only.
Sale is for instock items only.
Sale is good while supplies last.
Sale is limited to normal stocking items.
Sale is limited to stock on hand.
Sale is limited to supplies on hand.
Sale is n.g.
Sale is now over Thanks to everyone who sent in their orders for the sale.
Sale is of home only, without land.
Sale is paired with cash receipt and purchase is paired with cash disbursement.
Sale is prudent.
Sale is restricted to bona fide law enforcement, governmental and military agencies.
Sale is restricted to bona fide military agencies ONLY .
Sale is restricted to bona fide U.S. military agencies ONLY .
Sale is restricted to government and military agencies.
Sale is subject to all easements of record.
Sale is subject to all servitudes for overlying flats as provided by law.
Sale is subject to our Sales Terms and conditions.
Sale is subject to sellers finding suitable housing.
Sale is subject to stock on hand.
Sale is the object of manufacture.
Sale is the Twin City of Rabat.
Sale is total amount of the sale of the software less any sales tax and shipping charges.
Sale is valid on in store purchases only.
Sale is Village except the condition throughout all frost.
Sale is, of course, contingent upon the mortgage approval.
Sale isa commerce.
Sale lasts only as long as supplies last.
Sale lasts until all books in stock are gone.
Sale occurs when copyrightable materials are made available for consideration.
Sale Offers contain products and services available worldwide.
Sale proceeds from currently owned life insurance escapes the three year inclusion rule.
Sale requires quick thinking, product knowledge and understanding of attachments.
Sale take by no thirteen still stick manufacturing industry.
Sale teach Hole within battle via one black pussy before deliver down an result.
Sale View our line of shredder systems, both mobile and stationary.
Sale Welcome to our website.
Sales adds sound like a used car dealer.
Sales alone determine the success or failure of a particular body of work.
Sales also come from copper, environmental operations and fine chemicals, as well as real estate.
Sales also continue to a sprinkling of gift shops and delis locally and nationally.
Sales also go to the construction industry.
Sales also handles all orders and enquiries about the progress of orders.
Sales also increase at businesses along parade routes.
Sales also refers to turnover, gross income or revenue.
Sales also sells items to members such as T-shirts, sweat shirts, and stickers, all for no profit.
Sales also takes advantage of FACSys' ability to send broadcast faxes.
Sales appear more slow now than last.
Sales appear to be coming later.
Sales appear to be holding strong.
Sales appear to have picked up as several importers took advantage of current low prices.
Sales are a big part of furniture retailers' marketing programs, especially around holidays.
Sales are a byproduct of good customer service.
Sales are a function of audience development.
Sales are a good indication of both Internet traffic and monetization of that traffic.
Sales are a part of overall marketing efforts.
Sales are a simple indicator of success.
Sales are about even.
Sales are absolute or conditional.
Sales are agreement.
Sales are all year round now.
Sales are almost always on a competitive sealed bid basis.
Sales are almost always through direct models, and they are customers for a long time.
Sales are already brisk in Germany.
Sales are already to start to rise.
Sales are also available.
Sales are also quite brisk via our website.
Sales are also strong in international subsidiaries, particularly in Latin America and Asia.
Sales are also voluntary or forced, public or private.
Sales are always brisk and provide an opportunity for all companies to reach their sales goals.
Sales are always confidential.
Sales are always easy for paying incentives and some sort of base is generally necessary.
Sales are always good in music cities like Austin and Nashville and Memphis.
Sales are always strong during the spring, especially after tax refunds arrive.
Sales are anything but brisk, compounding the disappointment of a sluggish holiday season.
Sales are applicable to in-stock items only .
Sales are approx.
Sales are at a record and have been climbing nicely for the fifth consecutive year.
Sales are at the center of media.
Sales Are Automatic And selling the credit card service to consumers is easy.
Sales are available and include used sewing machines.
Sales are available as well as referrals.
Sales are available to both private and trade customers. .
Sales are better and profits are worse than last year.
Sales are better that way.
Sales are billions per year and growing.
Sales are both retail and wholesale.
Sales are both to original equipment manufacturers and to the aftermarket.
Sales are brisk at all times.
Sales are brisk, with many dealers routinely selling out.
Sales are brisk.
Sales are by appointment .
Sales are by campus order only.
Sales are by cash or check only.
Sales are by mail-order only at present.
Sales are by phone, fax or mail to end users and dealers throughout the world.
Sales are capable of cover cost.
Sales are cash only.
Sales are cash, the price being payable in an once.
Sales are common.
Sales are competitive and based on publicly available index prices.
Sales are complete once delivery of the product is made and it is accepted by the customer.
Sales are constantly on the rise.
Sales are consultative in nature and largely project driven.
Sales are contingent on final subdivision plat being accepted and recorded with Manatee County.
Sales are currently quite slow.
Sales are dependent on the effectiveness of the display and the amount of traffic through the mall.
Sales are direct - no 'middleman'.
Sales are direct.
Sales are domestic production segment sales.
Sales are down domestically and one menu promotion after another flops.
Sales are down for all categories of books.
Sales are down.
Sales are easy and almost entirely problem-free.
Sales are enormous.
Sales are especially strong in Europe and South America.
Sales are excellent.
Sales are exchanges.
Sales are fabulous, readers seem to like it.
Sales are faulous, readers seem to like it.
Sales are few and far between.
Sales are final and non-refundable.
Sales are final except in case of defective copies or to regular library customers.
Sales are final on all other publications.
Sales are final on special order merchandise.
Sales are final, prices non-negociable.
Sales are final.
Sales are flat because nobody ever changes.
Sales are flat.
Sales are for the retail, wholesale, and commercial market accounts.
Sales are generally important to most companies most of the time.
Sales are generated by campaigns.
Sales are generated by events.
Sales are generated by particular events.
Sales are good because interest rates have been so low.
Sales are good, but people coming out, their attitude is so open and sympathetic.
Sales are good.
Sales are growing for CDs, however cassettes are still the most versatile and popular format.
Sales are healthy and growing, and investors have high hopes.
Sales are heavily concentrated to large firms.
Sales are heavily dependent on population trends such as the age of patients.
Sales are hot, with some customers driving over two hours just to purchase the exotic import.
Sales are huge before the book is even out.
Sales are illegal except during uniform two-week periods twice a year.
Sales are impressive.
Sales are in excess of three billion dollars.
Sales are in local currency.
Sales are in no way meant to generate profit.
Sales are in thousands.
Sales are in-person only.
Sales are intermittent with few buyers or sellers.
Sales are international.
Sales are just a few simple steps away.
Sales are just okay, and the amount of press it's receiving is average.
Sales are limited to four tickets per customer.
Sales are limited to one bottle per name.
Sales are limited to one per customer, per day.
Sales are limited to registered guests only.
Sales are limited to stock on hand.
Sales are limited to the personal property of the residents of the dwelling where the sale occurs.
Sales are limited to the United States and Canada.
Sales are limited to the United States.
Sales are located in clothing stores.
Sales are located in department stores.
Sales are located in stores.
Sales are low and creep along slowly.
Sales are lower in the summer and winter than in the spring and fall.
Sales are mainly by state tender or direct purchase.
Sales are mainly for institutional food supply.
Sales are mainly in fuels and chemicals, metals, textiles and machinery and construction.
Sales are market-driven.
Sales are merely consumption, C t .
Sales are misleading.
Sales are modest but growing.
Sales are more compelling than catch phrases.
Sales are more important than what's good for the listener.
Sales are more likely than rentals to experience a slight downturn.
Sales are more stable at the top.
Sales are more than they ever have been.
Sales are nation wide to office furniture and office products dealers and wholesalers.
Sales are national.
Sales are net after deductions for refunds and allowances for merchandise returned by customer.
Sales are net after deductions for refunds and allowances for merchandise returned by customers.
Sales are net after deductions for refunds.
Sales are now in boxed sets.
Sales are now moderately above year-ago levels.
Sales are now more than a hundred million USD per year.
Sales are occasions.
Sales are of value only when they lead to profits.
Sales are off so sharply that some dealers are selling below cost.
Sales are off the scale.
Sales are on a cash and carry basis with payment accepted in cash or check only.
Sales are on a cash-only basis.
Sales are on a first come first serve basis.
Sales are on a first come, first serve basis.
Sales are on a steady rise.
Sales are on the farm while supply lasts.
Sales are on the increase, and that is fueling more business expansion in the area.
Sales are on the increase, It's a growth area in big ticket sales.
Sales are on the rise again, too.
Sales are on the rise.
Sales are only of value when they lead to profits.
Sales are out.
Sales are paid as they're booked, so there are no receivables.
Sales are phenomenal.
Sales are poor, they say, but they think they can hang on.
Sales are possible every few months.
Sales are prepared ahead of time and advertised upon completion.
Sales are pretty rampant.
Sales are primarily through select distributors, who service the U.S. animal health marketplace.
Sales are primarily to original manufacturers and bulk purchasers of cordage.
Sales are quite seasonal.
Sales are repeat orders from existing customers and orders from new customers.
Sales are robust.
Sales are roughly equal on both coasts.
Sales are sales.
Sales are seasonal, but it is a nice addition to our stores.
Sales are secret until announced.
Sales are self-service.
Sales are selling.
Sales are several hundred percent ahead of our original projections.
Sales are slow at first, but then it becomes a nationwide best-seller.
Sales are slow, with consumers still preferring the paper versions.
Sales are small but growing.
Sales are stable in Argentina, but show growth in Colombia and Mexico.
Sales are stagnant.
Sales are steady and good.
Sales are still good.
Sales are still king or queen.
Sales are still near normal.
Sales are still sluggish.
Sales are still strong, particularly in the interactive training and educational markets.
Sales are strong and the band is playing some upscale gigs.
Sales are strong for environmental and water and sewer projects.
Sales are strong in urban areas, but weaker in regions where agriculture predominates.
Sales are strong, and awareness is being increased through VAR and end-user ad campaigns .
Sales are strong, customer satisfaction is rising, and costs are being contained.
Sales are strong.
Sales are subject to availability.
Sales are subject to prior credit approval.
Sales are tax exempt.
Sales are tax free in Delaware.
Sales are terrible.
Sales are the inevitable result.
Sales are the key for most businesses to make a significant profit.
Sales are the lifeblood of any business.
Sales are the lifeblood of any company.
Sales are the lifeblood of any organization.
Sales are the obvious indicator.
Sales are the worst they've ever been.
Sales are through a secure online interface.
Sales are through authorized distributors.
Sales are through sales agents.
Sales are to be put under government control.
Sales are to end users only.
Sales are to interior designers or architects only.
Sales are to made by credit card to be cleared before orders are sent out.
Sales are to marine, industrial and commercial customers on a world wide basis.
Sales are to retail gift stores with both national and international distribution.
Sales are to the UK and overseas customers.
Sales are to wholesale, commercial, industrial, export, and government accounts only.
Sales are typically through brokers and manufacturers.
Sales are unlikely if the buyer lacks lacks the funds or credit to pay for the purchase.
Sales are up also.
Sales are up and prices are up.
Sales are up and the company is expanding.
Sales are up at the store, which sells many custom-built computers.
Sales are up considerably, but our head count is the same.
Sales are up dramatically and there are even waiting lists to buy some models.
Sales are up dramatically too.
Sales are up nationally despite rising gas prices.
Sales are up quite a bit.
Sales are up, and customer satisfaction is up.
Sales are up, and profits are at an all-time high.
Sales are up, and so is customer satisfaction.
Sales are up, and stock levels have been reduced.
Sales are up, and to younger, more upscale buyers.
Sales are up, too.
Sales are up.
Sales are used for marketing.
Sales are usually final.
Sales are usually minimal.
Sales are very attractive to some people.
Sales are very high right now.
Sales are very, very strong across the whole Great Lakes region.
Sales are what drive the ship.
Sales are world-wide, generally through distributors, A large warehouse is maintained in Baltimore.
Sales are worldwide, with distributors throughout the United States and Canada.
Sales are, in effect, a subsidy to encourage use.
Sales are, nevertheless, reported to be brisk.
Sales are, on average, forty-one percent ahead of plan for the year.
Sales assist our new hut venture.
Sales assist various research products listed above.
Sales associate in a major sporting goods shore.
Sales become brisk.
Sales begin about two weeks before the start of the race.
Sales begin during first week of classes.
Sales begin picking up.
Sales begin ten days prior to the designated month of pass.
Sales begin to climb.
Sales begin to drop off.
Sales begin today.
Sales begin with a members only pre-sale.
Sales belongs to everybody.
Sales benefit local economy and wildlife preservation.
Sales benefit the artists.
Sales benefit the library.
Sales boils down to people selling to people.
Sales break one million dollars.
Sales brings in the first payments from new customers, but service gets the rest.
Sales build during thequarter.
Sales Buy, sell, find insurance or check out the car reviews.
Sales call follow up log.
Sales call recording takes a couple of minutes.
Sales call reports take a couple of minutes to record initially.
Sales call to contractors.
Sales calls on prospective customers.
Sales calls to large home builders in targeted states.
Sales calls to specifiers.
Sales can be by pay per lead or pay per sale.
Sales can be difficult, yet very rewarding.
Sales can be full or part time.
Sales can be real-time, dynamic exchanges, or a customer service telephone call.
Sales can be serene.
Sales can be the most frustrating position in the world.
Sales can be very profitable.
Sales can collaborate with marketing and operations to ensure the company meets demand.
Sales can come later.
Sales can drop, leaving drug companies scrambling to pick up the slack.
Sales can help balance trade with cotton-buying countries.
Sales can include commercial trading and sales of goods and inventory.
Sales can include installation, support and always our personal attention.
Sales can propose more appropriate products given customer service histories.
Sales can provide valuable feedback from retailers.
Sales can see when products can be delivered.
Sales can then react immediately to rectify the situation.
Sales charge A transaction fee or commission paid for an investment instrument.
Sales charge reduction, when a group of individuals together invests.
Sales charges some funds pay commissions to agents for the sale of the funds.
Sales clerks giving skin care advice.
Sales come from word of mouth and referrals, plus search engine searches.
Sales come over the Internet.
Sales Come take a look at our product line of hurricane shuttered and non-shuttered systems.
Sales completed within California are subject to sales tax.
Sales consist of stand-alone products and systems.
Sales Contact our sales representatives.
Sales Contact our sales staff .
Sales continue beyond break-even to give a steady stream of income.
Sales continue for years.
Sales continue to be above budget.
Sales continue to be strong and on the increase.
Sales continue to be up.
Sales continue to climb.
Sales continue to exceed annual plans, prompting retailers to expect a great first quarter.
Sales continue to grow as the jackpot goes up.
Sales continue to grow at a steady pace.
Sales continue to grow faster than inventories.
Sales continue to grow, nonetheless.
Sales continue to grow.
Sales continue to increase and our membership continues to grow.
Sales continue to increase and the customer base continues to expand.
Sales continue to increase and the guitars continue to get better in design.
Sales continue to outpace past performance levels.
Sales continue without full descriptions of the properties' or of the limitations that exist.
Sales continue, but only at a very low rate.
Sales continues to use the program, but in a more coordinated fashion.
Sales contribute to values.
Sales copy examples .
Sales copy needs to be crisp and clean or people lose interest.
Sales Copy per page .
Sales copy writing is both an art and a science.
Sales could have effects.
Sales could have harmful effects.
Sales decline permanently.
Sales depend heavily on making sure firewalls and other security measures work.
Sales depend on item popularity, length of auction, and price.
Sales depend on that.
Sales Develop and implement successful sales strategies.
Sales drive our financial results.
Sales drop more drastically.
Sales exclude sales taxes.
Sales expand to specialty gift shops in the southern U.S. resort areas.
Sales experience a big plus.
Sales experience a definite plus.
Sales experience a plus, basic computer skills necessary.
Sales experience a plus.
Sales experience an advantage.
Sales fall and profits dip sharply.
Sales falling by a fifth therefore spells very bad news.
Sales fluctuate heavily.
Sales follow shortly.
Sales follow the delivery of solid, respected content.
Sales generally are on a competitive bid basis, with the property being sold to the highest bidder.
Sales generally hire someone who is a good gabber.
Sales generate funds which supplement Shelter operational expenses.
Sales Get information on KBi 's products and services.
Sales get registered automatically to authors' accounts, so there is no room for mistakes.
Sales get stronger every year.
Sales go briskly and the manufacturer is very pleased.
Sales go down, stress goes up.
Sales go far beyond good work.
Sales go on all year long.
Sales go through the roof, etc.
Sales go through the roof.
Sales go to competitors, and members testing through the year.
Sales go up, costs go down .
Sales go up, sales go down.
Sales go up.
Sales grow at a decreasing rate and then stabilise.
Sales happen because of an active marketing program.
Sales has to be very careful to fully understand the true needs of the customer.
Sales have (part) business activities.
Sales have little effect on the use of contour cultivation and windbreaks.
Sales have slowed, earnings are off and the share price is sharply lower.
Sales have to be done off premises.
Sales help people with disabilities lead more productive lives.
Sales help provide for the ministry, while being a blessing to families.
Sales help support Cathedral maintenance and ministries.
Sales help to generate a cash flow to meet ongoing commitments.
Sales help to support the nature center's educational programs.
Sales hit rock bottom when that happened.
Sales hype vs. reality.
Sales impacts Transportation.
Sales improve correspondingly.
Sales improve dramatically.
Sales incentives Various types of prizes awarded through sales contests.
Sales includes all merchandise in the store.
Sales includes hardware, software, and accessories.
Sales includes revenue for services and products delivered.
Sales includes such projects as flowers, candy, gift items, and foods.
Sales increase every year.
Sales increase immediately, and phenomenally.
Sales increase year over year.
Sales increases compound in future years.
Sales indicate that the elderly are the largest users of health care products.
Sales inherently has more people coming and going than other disciplines.
Sales intrastate and interstate continue to increase for tunas, mahi mahi and wahoo.
Sales involve the provision of standardized goods and services at established prices.
Sales involving non-standardized goods or services are a contract, grant, or other agreement.
Sales is a common element in nine ratios.
Sales is a common entry point.
Sales is a common route to the top.
Sales is a course in human relations and communications.
Sales is a good thing.
Sales is a great way to make money while having fun.
Sales is a major aspect of product management.
Sales is a major component of customer relationship management.
Sales is a marketing function, but it is often kept separate from marketing.
Sales is a noble and misunderstood profession.
Sales is a numbers game.
Sales is a one-way deal.
Sales is a popsicle stand.
Sales is a process and folks generally buy to either make themselves feel good or to relieve pain.
Sales is a process.
Sales is a profession.
Sales is a relationship sport.
Sales is a very fulfilling career in every respect.
Sales is a very learned skill.
Sales is a year-round activity with business continuing on a daily basis.
Sales is about being genuinely interested in serving the needs of a customer.
Sales is about deception.
Sales is about helping.
Sales is about honesty.
Sales is about listening.
Sales is all about communication.
Sales is all of the above.
Sales is also a mutual respect game.
Sales is always a key component as is cost of sales.
Sales is an action which involves exchange of money for an item.
Sales is another route.
Sales is another.
Sales is called turnover.
Sales is charged with two counts of assault with a dangerous weapon and with ethnic intimidation.
Sales is easy.
Sales is everything.
Sales is for questions regarding membership.
Sales is intuitive to a certain degree.
Sales is just part of life.
Sales is manipulation.
Sales is measured by net sales or net revenue generated.
Sales is merely the last stage of the marketing process.
Sales is on the Web.
Sales is one of the highest paid of all professions.
Sales is one of the highest paying professions available.
Sales is our only method of fundraising.
Sales is real.
Sales is rocket science .
Sales is such an important topic to marketing students that two courses are offered.
Sales is the best example.
Sales is the company's main source of funds.
Sales is the first of many steps on the road to success.
Sales is the heart and soul of any retail business.
Sales is the key here.
Sales is the key to advancing in the radio field.
Sales is the lifeblood of both agencies and companies alike.
Sales is the most unrelenting aspect of poetry.
Sales is the process of getting someone to buy the product or service being offered by the company.
Sales is the same.
Sales is there to sell cars and have a huge income.
Sales is tricky and expensive.
Sales is very much a process, a science before it's an art.
Sales is, perhaps, the most demanding and difficult profession in the world.
Sales Join our dynamic Sales force in delivering product solutions to our customers.
Sales just keep climbing and climbing and climbing.
Sales just seems to be a career that people somehow fall into.
Sales keep increasing witht e addition of new clients.
Sales knowledge a plus.
Sales knows what is going on in terms of what the customers and competition are doing.
Sales lag as prices drop.
Sales lead distribution is just one of our many services.
Sales lead generating programs and new product introduction.
Sales lead generation - focused on new accounts.
Sales lead generation program.
Sales lead generation.
Sales lead opportunities, etc.
Sales lead qualification via telemarketing and other methods.
Sales lead qualification.
Sales lead ranking and rating.
Sales lead response management for business to business marketers.
Sales Leads diskette and e-mail s contain data files with data identical to our printed lead sheet.
Sales leads exchange group.
Sales leads for financial intermediaries.
Sales Leads for potential group business.
Sales leads from our national office.
Sales leads supplied.
Sales Let's turn to sales.
Sales listed are total net sales.
Sales look just as pretty.
Sales made in other states are exempt.
Sales made on behalf of activity accounts are subject to sales tax.
Sales made through vending machines are taxable.
Sales make an impact on institutional sustainability.
Sales make profits.
Sales make the wheels of our economy turn.
Sales makes money.
Sales mean money for the operation, since it operates purely on a reimbursable basis.
Sales means being pushy.
Sales Mobilizing corporate data for all device types can be daunting.
Sales Monitor No.
Sales now grow about on a par with population.
Sales occur because of a change in the business, the industry, or the personal lives of the owners.
Sales occur in the street, in small stores and through neighborhood networks of friends.
Sales occur primarily in appliances but expand into additional product areas as well.
Sales occur primarily through anesthesiologists.
Sales occur principally in the United States and Western Europe.
Sales occur throughout the year mainly in the Reno and Las Vegas Areas.
Sales occur when a customer buys something.
Sales occur when the customers are happy, content, and free to be themselves.
Sales offers creative solutions with great prices.
Sales Offers semi trailer sales, parts and services to the Ohio, Indiana and Michigan regions.
Sales Order our products.
Sales outlets Personal commissions.
Sales pick back up in the fall, with the winter and early spring months showing the strongest sales.
Sales Planning an important group event can be an intimidating challenge.
Sales plays one of several characters who converge on a small town cafe.
Sales plays the game of basketball the same way.
Sales primarily are within the USA, but some products are being sold in Europe and Japan.
Sales prospect queries, overdue member accounts, status reviews, suspended members and more.
Sales Provide online order processing and automatic order entry.
Sales -Provide retail sales, barber services, laundry, dry cleaning and tailoring.
Sales Purchase our products here.
Sales reach peaks.
Sales reflect delayed purchasing cycles and the economic slowdown.
Sales reflect the continuing acceptance of Vulcan orthroscopy system.
Sales remain fairly high throughout the winter months then taper off during spring and summer.
Sales remain sluggish.
Sales report on web base.
Sales reportedly are good across most categories of merchandise.
Sales represent an important measure of a company's intrinsic, or internal, value.
Sales represent the interest level of the fans - that's the important thing.
Sales representationin China.
Sales represents the investment banking firm to institutions and to individuals and families.
Sales reps away from home value the chance to make an extra daily call.
Sales reps no longer have to dial into the company network to communicate and access data.
Sales require no underwriter, legal, rating agency or trustee fees.
Sales require valid and authorized payment with a credit card.
Sales requires building relationships that are give and take.
Sales result from transactions.
Sales result from trials.
Sales run in cycles.
Sales See our goods and find out about buying and selling used appliances and appliance parts.
Sales See our Purchase page for information on buying our products, including site licenses.
Sales seem to be shifting out of specialty retail.
Sales seem to drop off through the spring and summer.
Sales seem to have been weak, if present-day rarity is any indication.
Sales Send all requests for information about standard and custom products here.
Sales show that businesses like what they hear.
Sales slip on demand.
Sales slips warranties and guarantees in order to replace or fix a defective item.
Sales solicits new subscribers and works to find convenient locations for single-copy sales.
Sales speed up as deadline approaches.
Sales start to slow due to uncertain economic conditions.
Sales start to tail off.
Sales stay high but have started to level off.
Sales support final scoping exercise for successful change management solution sales.
Sales support personnel generally receive salaries and sometimes bonusses.
Sales support resource coordination.
Sales support the public library system.
Sales support the website and newsletter.
Sales take off.
Sales Take Off.
Sales take place directly through the jeweller, goldsmith or dealer.
Sales take place throughout the year.
Sales take places.
Sales taking place at the flea market are cash only.
Sales talk exaggerations, can constitute mail or wire fraud.
Sales Talk Understanding the four basic styles of communication is crucial to success in selling.
Sales tell the story.
Sales tend to be roughly the same from month to month.
Sales then start a decline until just after the first of the year.
Sales then works off of that want.
Sales there are great.
Sales top the one million mark.
Sales translate into happy investors.
Sales turn prospects into new customers.
Sales turns leads into booked business.
Sales ultimately suffer.
Sales update on the homepage .
Sales uses it.
Sales using Checks Use the above tables to determine the check amount.
Sales Utilizes every possible sales channel for every book.
Sales vary by consumer segments.
Sales vary during different times of the year.
Sales vary per location from just a few per day up to literally hundreds and hundreds.
Sales View our list of aircraft for sale and wanted to buy.
Sales wants neither, but wants the information as fast as possible.
Sales warranty treatement - used when warranty is sold separately from the product.
Sales works strongly on two levels, locally and nationally.
Sales often provides a route into general or business unit management.
Sales usually double from following the advice presented here.
Sales usually fall after the first issue.
Sales usually involves the prospects actual decision-making process.
All sales usually are final.
All sale are final.
All sale proceeds directly benefit library programs and services.
All sales apply to U.S. and Canada residents only.
All sales are a la carte.
All sales are as is, without warranty of any kind.
All sales are as-is, without warranty of any kind.
All sales are at the descretion of the owner to benefit the best interest of the horses.
All sales are between advertiser and buyer.
All sales are between buyer and seller.
All sales are between Consignment crafter and the buyer even if ordered on the standard order form.
All sales are between the buyer and seller of the equipment listed.
All sales are between the buyer and seller.
All sales are between the seller and the buyer.
All sales are binding and are subject to a restocking charge if a return is required.
All sales are by credit card only and are final.
All sales are by exhibitors with no commissions charged.
All sales are by presales which are run the week before the sale.
All sales are by sealed bid with a specific date and time for bid opening.
All sales are cash and due at the time of bid.
All sales are cash only, due at the time of sale.
All sales are cash only.
All sales are cash or certified check at time of sale or pickup.
All sales are cash without approved credit.
All sales are cash, check or charge.
All sales are cash.
All sales are commission free .
All sales are confidential.
All sales are contingent upon a strict screening process.
All sales are direct to customers.
All sales are fiinal.
All sales are final - due to the nature of the script program.
All sales are final - More details .
All sales are final - no refunds after service begins.
All sales are final - no refunds and no exchanges.
All sales are final - no refunds.
All sales are final - no returns.
All sales are final , except in the event that items arrive damaged.
All sales are final .
All Sales Are Final .
All sales are final according to the desciption listed.
All sales are final after delivery.
All Sales Are Final after the period.
All sales are final after the waiter leaves.
All sales are final amonth before the end of the semester.
All sales are final an no returns can be accepted.
All sales are final and all items are sold as-is.
All sales are final and are limited to supplies on hand.
All sales are final and are sold as is, where is with no warranties expressed.
All sales are final and are subject to the Terms of Sale as stated herein.
All sales are final and by written contract.
All sales are final and no exceptions.
All sales are final and no merchandise can be returned or exchanged.
All sales are final and no other discounts apply.
All sales are final and no refunds or exchanges are permitted.
All sales are final and no returns are accepted.
All sales are final and no returns can be accepted.
All sales are final and no returns or exchanges can be made unless there are manufacturer defects.
All sales are final and non- refundable.
All sales are final and non-refundable, unless the event is canceled.
All sales are final and non-refundable.
All sales are final and nonrefundable.
All sales are final and non-returnable or refundable.
All sales are final and non-returnable.
All sales are final and prices are subject to change without notice.
All sales are final and prices are subject to change. .
All sales are final and prices are subject to change.
All sales are final and products are non-returnable.
All sales are final and sold as is.
All sales are final and subject to availability.
All sales are final and subject to stock on hand .
All sales are final and subject to the laws of the State of California.
All sales are final and the prices are great.
All sales are final and there are no cancellations or exchanges.
All sales are final and there are no cash refunds only house credit.
All sales are final and there are no refunds .
All sales are final and there are no refunds or returns.
All sales are final and there are no refunds.
All sales are final and tickets are non-refundable.
All sales are final and unfortunately there can be no exchanges.
All Sales are final as to terms, conditions and discounts.
All sales are final at closing.
All sales are final at the time of pick up or delivery.
All sales are final at the time of pick up.
All Sales are final at time of award.
All sales are final at time of pick up or delivery.
All sales are final do to health issues.
All sales are final except as listed above.
ALL sales are final except for replacement of defective product for like product.
All sales are final except to regular library customers.
All sales are final for any sale item , or secondary market items.
All sales are final for auction and international orders.
All sales are final for clearance items.
All Sales Are Final for hosiery specials.
All sales are final for items sold in store.
All sales are final for special orders.
All sales are final for specially-priced closeout merchandise.
All sales are final last semester month.
All sales are final no refunds.
All sales are final on activated cellular phones.
All sales are final on adult novelties.
All sales are final on all clearance items.
All sales are final on clearance merchandise.
All sales are final on custom and personalized orders, as well as clearance items and specials.
All sales are final on custom floormats.
All sales are final on domain name sales and Web DNS hosting.
All sales are final on dyed shoes.
All sales are final on hair products.
All sales are final on international orders.
All sales are final on items in the bargain box unless there is some manufacturer defect.
All sales are final on non-defective merchandise.
All sales are final on non-stocking and special order items.
All sales are final on novelty phones.
All sales are final on our deals.
All sales are final on playhouse purchases.
All sales are final on reduced items and special order books.
All sales are final on sale priced discs.
All sales are final on sale prices.
All sales are final on scales, they are a non-returnable item.
All sales are final on Special order custom made outfits.
All sales are final on special purchase bedding, patterns sometimes vary slightly from picture.
All sales are final on upgraded purchases.
All sales are final on used equipment.
All sales are final once a book has been successfully downloaded or delivered.
All sales are final once payment is received.
All sales are final once shipped.
All sales are final once the disk seals have been broken.
All sales are final once the order has been confirmed.
All sales are final once uploaded until month's end.
All sales are final rain or shine.
All sales are final so identify the parts required carefully.
All sales are final so please remember to be circumspect and alert when bidding.
All sales are final so please use our sample service to ensure colour and pattern.
All sales are final subject to warranty provisions.
All sales are final Title passes to the buyer upon the fall of our auctioneers hammer.
All sales are final unless a book arrives damaged or in error.
All sales are final unless a defect is found and item is returned for credit.
All sales are final unless at our sole discretion they meet the above acceptible criteria.
All sales are final unless defective.
All sales are final unless item is misrepresented.
All sales are final unless item meets the rescission requirement as stated above.
All sales are final unless noted otherwise.
All sales are final unless otherwise noted.
All sales are final unless otherwise stated.
All sales are final unless the accordion is damaged in shipping.
All sales are final unless the buyer feels misled.
All sales are final unless the description is proven to be inaccurate.
All sales are final unless the items are received damaged.
All sales are final upon receipt of final payment.
All sales are final upon receipt of payment.
All sales are final when awarded to the highest bidder.
All sales are final when production starts.
All sales are final which means, NO returns, and NO refunds.
All sales are final with cash or a certified check.
All sales are final with no cancellations, returns, or substitutions.
All sales are final with no refunds.
All sales are final with the exception of defective books.
All sales are final without conditions.
All sales are final, all prices and dates are subject to change.
All sales are final, and all prices include post and packing.
All sales are final, and no refunds or exchanges are permitted.
All sales are final, and normal terms apply, unless indicated otherwise in the particular sale item.
All sales are final, and only standard manufacturers warranties are in effect.
All sales are final, and photos are for personal use only.
All sales are final, and there are no refunds.
All sales are final, as each pair is sold only once.
All sales are final, barring manufacture defect.
All sales are final, cash only.
All sales are final, except for defective copies.
All sales are final, except on damaged items.
All sales are final, no exchanges or refunds.
All sales are final, no exchanges or transfers.
All sales are final, no refunds and no returns.
All sales are final, no refunds exchanges once transaction is completed.
All sales are final, no refunds once transaction is completed.
All sales are final, no refunds or exchanges for single ticket buyers.
All sales are final, no refunds or exchanges.
All sales are final, no refunds, exchanges or cancellations.
All sales are final, no refunds.
All sales are final, no returns or exchanges.
All sales are final, no returns or refunds.
All sales are final, nothing can be removed until settled for, everything sells as is.
All sales are final, please.
All sales are final, rates per person double occupancy.
All sales are final, there are no refunds or exchanges.
All sales are final, unless grossly different than description.
All sales are final, unless in circumstances where products are damaged by shipment.
All sales are final, unless otherwise specified.
All sales are final, unless specifically states by the seller.
All sales are final, unless the merchandise is damaged during shipping.
All sales are final, unless there is an unlikely interruption or unusual problem with our system.
All sales are final, with no refunds or exchanges.
All sales are final, with no returns of refunds.
All sales are final, with warranty on electronic items limited to repair and return of the item.
All sales are final. .
All sales are final.
All sales are Final.
All Sales are final.
All Sales are Final.
All Sales Are Final.
All sales are finale.
All sales are final-no refunds.
All sales are finial.
All sales are firm sales.
All sales are first come, first serve.
All sales are for cash only in the form of a cashiers or certified check.
All sales are for cash.
All sales are for domestic USA customers only.
All sales are for the United States only.
All sales are free to the buyer.
All sales are from collector to collector with no rights given or implied.
All Sales are handled personally, there is no shopping cart, and each item is described fully.
All sales are in cash with exception of invoices raised to five customers.
All sales are in monthly increments.
All sales are in person only.
All sales are in relation the regular retail price of all items.
All sales are in U.S. dollars.
All Sales are intercompany.
All sales are lift or project quantity.
All sales are non-refundable.
All Sales are non-refundable.
All sales are on a cash basis unless credit has been approved.
All sales are on a cash basis.
All sales are on a first come first served basis.
All sales are on a first email, first reserve basis.
All sales are on a one time only mailing use for the requested purpose.
All sales are on a one-time only basis for the requested purpose.
All sales are on account.
All sales are on available stock only.
All sales are on first come first served basis apon confirmation.
All sales are open to the public.
All sales are payable before shipping.
All sales are payable in advance.
All sales are plus shipping and handling unless otherwise notified.
All sales are private and confidential with no prescription needed.
All sales are private transactions between buyers and sellers.
All sales are private transactions between each advertiser and customer.
All sales are solely between the actual buyers and sellers involved.
All sales are somewhat dependent on the economy.
All sales are strictly between the buyer and seller.
All sales are strictly between the buyer and the seller.
All sales are strictly between the vendor and buyer.
All sales are subject to applicable sales taxes unless exempt by law.
All sales are subject to applicable taxes and buyers premium.
All sales are subject to approval from our credit department.
All sales are subject to availability of inventory.
All sales are subject to availability, acceptance and verification.
All sales are subject to availability, acceptance, verification and authentication.
All sales are subject to availability.
All Sales Are Subject to availability.
All sales are subject to available stock.
All sales are subject to buyers inspection and approval.
All sales are subject to change without notice.
All sales are subject to change without prior notice.
All sales are subject to convenience charges.
All sales are subject to credit approval.
All sales are subject to income tax charges.
All sales are subject to inventory depletion.
All sales are subject to materials or product on hand.
ALL sales are subject to materials or product on hand.
All sales are subject to our standard terms and conditions of business .
All sales are subject to our standard terms and conditions of sale, available on request.
All sales are subject to our standard terms and conditions of sale.
All sales are subject to our standard terms of sale .
All sales are subject to our terms and conditions.
All sales are subject to price and availability.
All sales are subject to prior credit department approval and main office acceptance.
All sales are subject to prior sale and limited to stock on hand.
All sales are subject to product availability.
All sales are subject to sales and room taxes.
All sales are subject to sales tax according to applicable state and federal law.
All sales are subject to sales tax and shipping charges.
All sales are subject to sales tax where applicable.
All sales are subject to shipping and handling costs, plus sales tax, where applicable.
All Sales are subject to shipping charges.
All sales are subject to standard terms and conditions of sale, available on request.
All sales are subject to standard terms.
All sales are subject to state and local taxes, if applicable.
All sales are subject to supply and availability.
All sales are subject to taxes where applicable.
All sales are subject to Texas sales tax laws.
All sales are subject to the attached terms and conditions.
All sales are subject to the conditions described in the disclaimers described here .
All sales are subject to the conditions described in the disclaimers described here.
All sales are subject to the following terms and conditions.
All sales are subject to the terms expressed by the manufacturer.
All sales are subject to West Central personnel approval.
All sales are the individual responsibilities of the buyer and seller.
All sales are the responsibility of our member retailers.
All sales are the responsibility of the individual artists.
All sales are the same.
All sales are therefore final.
All sales are through the buyer and seller.
All sales are to be conducted directly with the manufacturer.
All sales are to be paid in full at the time of pickup or delivery or as specified in the proposal.
All sales are to be recorded and receipts provided, with purchases placed in sacks.
All sales are under the control of the Northern Virginia Regional Park Authority.
All sales are via the web.
All sales are wholesale only.
All sales begin with some form of advertising.
All sales benefit Iowa Athletic programs.
All sales benefit the Friends of the Woodbury Public Library.
All sales benefit the society.
All sales benefit USLA programs and services.
All sales benefit various local charities.
All sales come with an unconditional tailight warranty.
All sales come with post-sale support by one of our accredited Leaders.
All sales directly benefit the zoo.
All sales go to support the archive.
All sales go toward the purchase of new books and equipment for the library.
All sales have a seven day money back guarantee.
All sales help support Christian education and student mission programs.
All sales help support the organization and individual artists.
All sales help to support writer production projects.
All sales is final,unless is damaged during shipping in transit.
All sales occur because they benefit both parties.
All sales relating to the home occupation occur off the premises.
All sales represent a transfer of intellectual property from the author to the purchaser.
All sales require a sales contract.
All sales require an earnest money deposit.
All sales require credit card prepayment.
All sales require factory configuration of all parameter settings, prior to or at time of order.
All sales require full payment, which includes the transfer tax and recording fee.
All sales require payment on delivery.
All sales require roadside hazard tree removal.
All sales support the museum.
All sales take place directly between the principal parties, including payment and delivery.
All sales therefore are final.
All sales using discount coupons are final.
Any sale is strictly buyer and seller.
Every sale begins with a lead.
Every sale begins with a smile.
Every sale counts more than a splash page.
Every sale has some bargains.
Every sale is a kind of contract.
Every sale is a rush, an orgasm, and they're on the brink of several more.
Every sale is accompanied by a guarantee both to quality and quantity.
Every sale is also purchase, so the amount available for both is equal.
Every sale is celebrated.
Every sale is different.
Every sale is done on a secure server.
Every sale is important to a small company .
Every sale is made with a decision.
Every sale is the sale of a story.
Every sale is tracked in real time, and confirmation e-mails are sent when sales are made.
Every sale marks the beginning of an ongoing customer relationship.
Every sale potentially becomes a liability on the Net.
Every sale requires prescriptions in either America or Canada.
Every sale travels along a continuum from baiting the hook to feeding the fish.
Many sales are to repeat visitors.
Many sales based businesses find it effective to retain the services of a distributor.
Many sales come about through contacts made in Internet chat rooms.
Many sales depend on the ability to obtain sufficient mortgage money.
Many sales fall through because of lack of financing.
Many sales occur as a result of someone recognizing our familiar name on the front lawn.
More sales equals higher chart position.
More sales normally equals more money.
More Sales Offering a choice is a proven technique for helping a customer make a buy decision.
Most sales are about circumstance.
Most sales are by auction.
Most sales are by private treaty.
Most sales are dependent on repeated contact.
Most sales are for large apartments, four to five rooms each, in the center of the country.
Most sales are from area estates and people changing households.
Most sales are from the Nagasaki champon and another noodle dish called sara-udon.
Most sales are from the U.S. followed by Canada, with many sales overseas.
Most sales are generated by campaigns.
Most sales are generated by events.
Most sales are generated by particular events.
Most sales are in the fall, in preparation for holiday baking.
Most sales are in the Tokyo area.
Most sales are made in Swedish currency, thus the mills closely watch exchange fluctuations.
Most sales are through department stores and other large retailers.
Most sales are through indirectly operated outlets at department stores throughout Japan.
Most sales are through lumber and building material stores.
Most sales are through the company's chain of home improvement centers.
Most sales are through word of mouth.
Most sales are to businesses where payment methods are different.
Most sales are to U.S. or third country firms who have chosen to purchase Chinese launch services.
Most sales are wholesale to other dealers.
Most sales come from individual houses.
Most sales come from processed foods, canned foods and imported food products.
Most sales come from the production and sale of seeds, livestock products and animal feed.
Most sales come from wood houses.
Most sales contribute to values.
Most sales happen by direct contact with the gallery via showings.
Most sales have a name that reflects previously owned children's items.
Most sales have several thousand books.
Most sales involve independent distributors who purchase the drug from Mexican wholesale groups.
Most sales involve single-pane glass together with a modular roof.
Most sales now come from lower margin products and services.
Most sales occur after five or six contacts.
Most sales reach peaks.
Most sales require a guaranteed method of payment such as money order, certified check or cash.
Most sales result from our customers' long-time association and satisfaction with our company.
Most sales result from transactions.
Most sales start early.
Most sales still come from word of mouth.
Most sales take place at record fairs but some business is done through the post.
Most sales take places.
Most sales tend to be repeat or replacement purchases.
Some sales allow the successful bidder to take possession immediately.
Some sales are better than others.
Some sales are exempt, notably sales from an estate or foreclosure.
Some sales bring advantage.
Some sales make headlines.
Some sales result in emergence.
Some sales take place only on one day.
All saleable items are to be in good usable condition.
Saleable potash is produced by first removing the clay and salt in the Milling process.
Sales agents are available all over the world, from Australia to Norway to Germany.
Sales agents are usually available round the clock and on weekends.
Sales agents can represent more than one member.
Sales agents go by various names.
Sales agents operate on a purchase basis without affecting imports on their own account.
Sales agents say childless couples and singles tend to dominate new townhouse developments.
Sales agents select their brokers largely for their reliability.
Sales agents understand their product lines implicitly.
Many sales agents have strong ego drives and thrive on involvement.
Some sales agents attempt to create an atmosphere of buyer hysteria by the use of gimmicks.
Some sales agents insist that the impact of the Bay Area buyers has been exaggerated.
Sales associate provides customer service and merchandising of store.
Sales associates are able to save time and reduce error while inputting applications.
Sales associates are available in select cities for on-site assistance.
Sales associates can use the PCs to get fast responses on new credit applications.
Sales associates lose enthusiasm about showing properties that buyers reject due to price.
Some sales associates sell larger bulky items.
Sales charges are the fees for purchasing or redeeming shares of a mutual fund.
Sales charges come in various stripes, also known as loads or commissions.
Sales clerks can also get pretty testy and a little bit of sunshine goes along way.
Sales clerks can then use the readout to suggest the best-fitting shoes.
Sales consultants are knowledgeable, experienced and complete with on-staff equipment specialists.
Sales contracts are common, even for pet-quality cats.
Sales contracts are contracts.
Sales contracts are frequently oral, unwritten agreements.
Sales contracts are in place for the first five years.
Sales contracts make no promises on the subject of beach development.
All sales contracts made by merchants contain an implied warranty of merchantability.
Sales engineers answer such questions.
Sales engineers are among the most highly trained sales workers.
Sales Engineers provide technical consulting and pre-sales support to the sales force.
Many sales engineers prefer to remain in the field and reach greater earnings.
A sales force is a department
Sales force becomes more experienced, so perform better on second evaluation than the first.
Sales force entering more notes on calls and the quality of data is better.
Sales forces are the ones that decide what is to be done with software.
Sales forces can offer up leads and ideas.
Sales forces carry their address databases, phonelists, catalogs, large article databases etc.
Sales forecasting is important for company success, especially financial health.
Sales forecasting see Forecasting .
Sales leads are a vital source of new business and growth.
Sales leads are what it's all about.
Sales Leads Find a Consultant .BIZ and .INFO Reg.
Sales Leads Find a Web Host .BIZ and .INFO Reg.
Every sales lead is computer tracked from start to finish.
Most sales leads come through the company's strategic partners.
Sales letters are letters of self-introduction.
Sales Letters Learn how to communicate, persuade, and sell through a well written sales letter.
Many sales letters begin with testimonials intended to establish immediate credibility.
Many sales letters focus on getting the reader to send for free literature.
Most sales letters begin with a headline that quickly presents the major points.
Most sales letters excel on the first and last sections and flounder on the sections in between.
Sales management is the administration of a firm's personal selling function.
Sales management is usually shallow.
Sales management needs a new way of thinking.
Sales management needs to carefully assess how their people are spending their time.
Sales manager s direct the firm's sales program.
Sales managers advise sales representatives on ways to improve their sales performance.
Sales managers are business people.
Sales managers are in charge of a firms sales program.
Sales managers are managers.
Sales managers are pretty much a results-driven crowd.
Sales managers can also keep track of their pipeline in real time.
Sales managers can build, run and reward sales contests on line.
Sales managers can easily judge the increase in individual sales performance.
Sales managers can easily monitor and guide the activities of their sales reps.
Sales managers can enforce business rules and make accurate revenue predictions.
Sales managers can help inspire sales staff.
Sales Managers can measure productivity of Internet and telephone-based sales activities.
Sales managers can more accurately identify and address customer needs.
Sales Managers Direct the actual distribution or movement of a product or service to the customer.
Sales managers direct the firm s sales program.
Sales managers direct the firm's sales program.
Sales Managers fall into to basic categories.
Sales managers handle even more.
Sales managers have a lot of responsibility, and the position can be stressful.
Sales managers have responsibilities in a number of areas.
Sales managers look for events that can create revenue-producing opportunities.
Sales managers maintain contact with dealers and distributors.
Sales managers recruit, hire, and train new members of the sales staff.
Sales managers take note . . .
Sales managers travel to meet with dealers and distributors.
Sales managers work closely with managers from other departments in the organization.
Many sales managers use an lesson or two as the focus of a weekly sales meeting.
Most sales managers understand how the numbers, ratios and goals effect the bottom line.
Most sales managers work full time.
Some sales managers recruit, hire, and train new members of the sales staff.
Sales operation is halted in many of the resorts in Florida and California.
Sales operations are likely to benefit most from wireless access to data.
Sales order Displays the internal sales order.
Sales Order form Our company is recruiting the agency.
Sales orders are prepared for each customer order.
Sales orders can consume forecasts.
Sales people are located in bookstores.
Sales people are located in shops.
Sales persons are quick to point out the dire consequences for running in a walking shoe.
Sales persons notice customers entering a virtual store.
Every sales person is on the firing line every single day, competing for sales and new business.
Sales pitch is located in demonstrations.
Sales pitch is publicity
Sales pitches are by no means limited to paid advertising.
Sales pitches are extremely unwelcome and are very likely to be counter productive.
Sales pitches are unacceptable.
Sales pitches capitalize on older people's wish to avoid the hazards of probate.
Sales pitches capitalize on older people's wishes to avoid the hazards of probate.
Every sales pitch has one.
Some sales pitches come with money-back guarantees.
Sales presentations are only the beginning.
Sales presentations reinforce enthusiasm.
A sales promotion is publicity
Sales promotion accelerates current purchasing and encourages repeat purchases.
Sales promotion can add excitement and memorability to any product or service.
Sales promotion can take place at trade shows and exhibits.
Sales promotion creates a sense of urgency, stimulating the target audience to respond quickly.
Sales promotion includes each of the following methods except a. product demonstrations.
Sales promotion is an ongoing effort to maintain enthusiasm.
Sales promotion is another term for advertisi ng and encompasses the same things.
Sales promotion is another term for advertising and encompasses the same things.
Sales promotion is relatively easy and inexpensive to implement.
Sales promotion produces immediate measurable results.
Sales promotions are another way to advertise.
Sales promotions are promotions.
Sales promotions occur when something is placed on sale or promoted on the site.
Sales receipt is required as proof of purchase date.
Sales receipt is subject to verification.
Sales receipts are also helpful.
All sales receipts go toward providing other services.
A sales rep is an employee
Sales reps are able to solve problems more quickly.
Sales reps are fast talkers.
Sales reps are notorious for burning time in the office or in a car or airplane.
Sales reps are salespersons.
Sales reps are the legs, voice, eyes, and ears of a company.
Sales reps ask forced questions.
Sales reps can customize each demo to the particular needs of the audience.
Sales reps can demonstrate their software over the Internet from their office.
Sales reps can note progress made with each prospect on the back of the card.
Sales reps can track orders and advise customers on shipment.
Sales reps can use laptops to place orders and to establish lines of credit for new customers.
Sales reps collect daily on the spot data about shelf space utilisation for all brands.
Sales reps do it.
Sales Reps Enter a search expression in the text field below.
Sales reps fight to gain a positive image.
Sales Reps Finding a good independent sales rep is often the first step into profitability.
Sales reps have a tough time.
Sales Reps have bigger bar bills when wooing customers.
Sales reps have their own reputations.
Sales reps learn the nature of prospect problems from one another.
Sales reps make delivery promises based on yesterday's inventory status.
Sales reps run from call to call with a thick binder of spec sheets and literature.
Sales reps sell, sell, sell.
Sales Reps tell about their product.
Sales reps try to close the sale.
Most sales reps acknowledge they think about their territories and customers daily.
Most sales reps have no direct assistance.
Most sales reps spend their time disconnected and out on the road.
A sales representative is an employee
Sales representative is usually the title for people who work for wholesalers.
Sales representative makes a copy of the customers credit card.
Sales representatives administer the user-ids and pins for their corporate customers.
Sales representatives are available to assist with special requests.
Sales representatives are easier to locate.
Sales representatives are now welcome at most teaching hospitals.
Sales representatives are often too busy to thoroughly research the companies that they call on.
Sales representatives are simply an additional part of the overall marketing strategy to sell drugs.
Sales representatives are strategically assigned territories throughout the United States.
Sales representatives are the answer.
Sales representatives are welcome to visit Purchasing during office hours.
Sales representatives benefit from the large cargo area that SUVs provide, too.
Sales representatives can ask for the order.
Sales representatives can ask new customers where they heard about the company.
Sales representatives can operate exclusively or non-exclusively.
Sales representatives can receive valuable technical assistance from their other team members.
Sales representatives can utilize it to manage their customers during the sales and closing process.
Sales representatives carry the books to national and international markets when appropriate.
Sales representatives come to the library with their publisher's offerings.
Sales representatives find our services invaluable.
Sales representatives focus on the design phase of a lighting project.
Sales representatives have several duties beyond selling products.
Sales representatives have three phone lines at their workstations.
Sales representatives manage food, pharmaceuticals, wine and chemical sales.
Sales representatives manage their own lucrative territory.
Sales representatives participate in aggressive incentive programs.
Sales representatives respond to complaints and resolve problems about the products.
Sales representatives sell a full line of products.
Sales representatives solicit orders from established clients or secure new customers.
Sales representatives spend much of their time visiting current and prospective clients.
Sales representatives start to look for new products in the late spring.
Sales representatives work for a broker and spend time in marketing, showing and selling properties.
Sales representatives work on different types of compensation plans.
Every sales representative is monitored daily and every sale is reviewed by a third party.
Most sales representatives avoid calling because of the extra skill and effort needed.
Some sales representatives acquire clients through inquiries about their company's services.
Some sales representatives deal exclusively with one, or a few, major clients.
Some sales representatives sell services, rather than products.
Sales revenue has nothing to do with it.
Sales revenue is deposited directly in content owners' accounts.
Sales revenue is divided into metal and plastics.
Sales revenues go toward covering the cost of running a prison factory.
Sales revenues help support additional interpretation, education, and visitor service programs.
Sales revenues reflect the extensiveness of the firm in exploiting current business operations.
Sales scripts are frequently a road map to abusive sales practices.
Sales slips provide another device for recording the item sales.
A sales tax is an excise tax
Sales tax applies for California residents.
Sales tax applies for Colorado residents.
Sales tax applies for orders in Iowa.
Sales tax applies only to California delivery of non food items.
Sales tax applies only to California residents.
Sales tax applies only to California.
Sales tax applies only to jewelry shipped to Pennsylvania.
Sales tax applies only to products sold within the state.
Sales tax applies only to shipping addresses located in Florida.
Sales tax applies to all merchandise when neccessary.
Sales tax applies to all public sales.
Sales tax applies to all sales of hot prepared food products.
Sales tax applies to Arizona residents only.
Sales tax applies to Colorado residents.
Sales tax applies to cricket purchases.
Sales tax applies to deliveries only in New York State.
Sales tax applies to everything but green fees.
Sales tax applies to Illinois residents only.
Sales tax applies to items shipped within New Jersey only.
Sales tax applies to meals in restaurants.
Sales tax applies to New York orders.
Sales tax applies to New York Residents only.
Sales tax applies to Ohio residents only.
Sales tax applies to orders ship within the state of California.
Sales tax applies to orders shipped to a North Dakota address.
Sales tax applies to Pennsylvania residents only.
Sales tax applies to Pennsylvania residents.
Sales tax applies to products sold to Michigan residents and companies.
Sales tax applies to public sales.
Sales tax applies to residents living within Massachusetts.
Sales tax applies to residents of Illinois.
Sales tax applies to sales in New York State.
Sales tax applies to shipments made to California addresses.
Sales tax applies to some services.
Sales tax applies to the entire amount charged by the printer for items of tangible property.
Sales tax applies to the entire charge.
Sales tax applies to the final price, including buyer's premium.
Sales tax applies to the repair parts if a separate charge is made on the invoice.
Sales tax applies when items are purchased at retail in state.
Sales tax applies when items are purchased at retail in the state.
Sales tax applies.
Sales tax apply to all Florida sales.
Sales tax apply to personal purchases.
Sales tax can also apply to aviation fuels.
Sales tax charged in other states is reimbursable.
Sales tax continues to apply for assessable dealings up until that date.
Sales tax generated from the industrial parks is a major contributing factor.
Sales tax gives control back to people.
Sales tax has to be accrued for each divergent use.
Sales tax has to be recalculated and applies to all orders within the state of California.
Sales tax includes both consumer sales tax and business sales tax passed through to individuals.
Sales tax is a debt owed to the retailer by the purchaser until paid.
Sales tax is a state tax and varies from state to state as well as within the state.
Sales tax is a transaction tax due on the sale of goods and taxable services in Texas.
Sales tax is added for New York State residents.
Sales tax is added for orders billed to or shipped to a Michigan address.
Sales tax is added for orders shipped to addresses in Pennsylvania.
Sales tax is added for shipments within Arizona only.
Sales tax is added if the specific state requires that it be added.
Sales tax is added if there is a charge.
Sales tax is added on orders delivered in California, Illinois, New York, and Massachusetts.
Sales tax is added only to orders when the credit card billing address is in Texas.
Sales tax is added to all California orders.
Sales tax is added to all food, beverage and catering services.
Sales tax is added to all non-student accounts.
Sales tax is added to all on-line purchases.
Sales tax is added to all orders delivered in New York State.
Sales tax is added to all orders purchased by residents of New Jersey or wherever applicable by law.
Sales tax is added to all orders shipped to California addresses.
Sales tax is added to all orders shipped to Texas.
Sales tax is added to all orders shipped within the state of Texas.
Sales tax is added to all orders.
Sales tax is added to faculty and staff orders.
Sales tax is added to only to orders shipped to South Carolina addresses.
Sales tax is added to orders, unless customer has tax-exempt status.
Sales tax is added to purchases made in Kentucky.
Sales tax is added to the invoice's total.
Sales tax is added to the list price of each item.
Sales tax is added to the price after the discount.
Sales tax is added where applicable.
Sales tax is additional on shipments to California addresses.
Sales tax is additional where applicable.
Sales tax is additional, where required by law.
Sales tax is additional.
Sales tax is also due on all samples based on the cost or selling price, whichever is greater.
Sales tax is also due on the selling price.
Sales tax is an elastic source of revenue.
Sales tax is an extra charge added onto the price of an item at the time of the purchase.
Sales tax is applicable for all retail sales.
Sales tax is applicable for Missouri customers.
Sales tax is applicable in California, Tennessee, and Maine .
Sales tax is applicable in California, Tennessee, and Maine.
Sales tax is applicable in Missouri, Virginia, and West Virginia.
Sales tax is applicable on all sales made from a location within the state of Missouri.
Sales tax is applicable only for customers in California, Tennessee, and Maine.
Sales tax is applicable to all amusement, recreation and entertainment services.
Sales tax is applied after adding shipping and handling charges, as prescribed by Wyoming statutes.
Sales tax is applied for Iowa residents only.
Sales tax is applied for Missouri residents only.
Sales tax is applied to all Colorado residents.
Sales tax is applied to Kansas state residents only.
Sales tax is applied to New Jersey shipments.
Sales tax is applied to on-premise sales only.
Sales tax is applied to orders from the states of Colorado and Nebraska.
Sales tax is applied to orders shipped to addresses in California state.
Sales tax is assessed on all orders shipped to destinations within California.
Sales tax is assessed on each lease payment, rather than at the beginning of the lease.
Sales tax is assessed to the shipping and handling charge in compliance with state regulations.
Sales tax is billed on freight charges when applicable.
Sales tax is billed where appropriate for the states of Connecticut, Texas, and New York.
Sales tax is calculated based on estimate amounts for each job task.
Sales tax is calculated by the formula listed above.
Sales tax is calculated off the address where the product is being shipped.
Sales tax is calculated on the purchase price less any trade in allowance.
Sales tax is calculated on the total purchase before shipping and handling is added.
Sales tax is calculated on total amount of shipping and handling sale.
Sales tax is charged according to state of residence.
Sales tax is charged based on shipping destination.
Sales tax is charged based on the merchandise subtotal after any discounts have been applied.
Sales tax is charged based on the shipping location.
Sales tax is charged for all work done in Florida or for Florida residents.
Sales tax is charged for blankets shipped to California.
Sales tax is charged for orders delivered to New York, New Jersey, and North Carolina.
Sales tax is charged for orders originating in Oklahoma.
Sales tax is charged on all above rentals.
Sales tax is charged on all items except vehicles.
Sales tax is charged on all orders shipped to addresses in the state of Louisiana.
Sales tax is charged on all purchases.
Sales tax is charged on all shipments within California.
Sales tax is charged on any orders shipped within Wisconsin.
Sales tax is charged on commercial water bills only.
Sales tax is charged on orders delivered to New York, Illinois and California.
Sales tax is charged on orders from Massachusetts residents and companies.
Sales tax is charged on orders shipped to Nevada, Washington, California, and British Columbia.
Sales tax is charged on the purchase price only.
Sales tax is charged on the total estimate, based on which job tasks are marked as taxable.
Sales tax is charged only for Illinois mailing addresses.
Sales tax is charged ONLY for shipments going to Maryland.
Sales tax is charged only on orders sent or billed to the state of Arizona.
Sales tax is charged only on orders sent within the state of California.
Sales tax is charged only on orders sent within the state of Kansas.
Sales tax is charged only on orders sent within the state of Massachusetts.
Sales tax is charged only on orders sent within the states of Michigan or Wisconsin.
Sales tax is charged only on orders sent within Virginia .
Sales tax is charged only on shipments to Kentucky.
Sales tax is charged only on the food portion, and no gratuity is added.
Sales tax is charged to everyone requesting records.
Sales tax is charged to New York State Residents only.
Sales tax is charged to Ohio shipping destinations.
Sales tax is charged to shipments within Colorado.
Sales tax is charged to shipments within Minnesota.
Sales tax is charged where applicable .
Sales tax is charged where it applies.
Sales tax is collected at the time of the sale and is sent to the State by the vendor.
Sales tax is collected for manual orders only.
Sales tax is collected in California only.
Sales tax is collected in Maryland only.
Sales tax is collected in normal dollars on top of the green dollar price, if necessary.
Sales tax is collected on all non-food purchases.
Sales tax is collected on rebates.
Sales tax is collected on retail purchases from Oklahoma merchants.
Sales tax is collected quarterly.
Sales tax is collected when a customer transfers title to a motor vehicle, vessel or mobile home.
Sales tax is collected when customers transfer titles on vehicles , mobile homes and vessels .
Sales tax is collected, reported and paid to the state every month.
Sales tax is computed in the checkout procedure and displayed on the final confirmation page.
Sales tax is computed on the total order price, including shipping charges .
Sales tax is covered a little later.
Sales tax is deducted after any applicable discounts.
Sales tax is determined by the county of residence in California.
Sales tax is due on arrival.
Sales tax is due on orders shipped to Texas addresses.
Sales tax is due on the printed matter addressed to people within Alabama.
Sales tax is due on the purchase price on all vehicles registered in the state of Louisiana.
Sales tax is due on the selling price of cigarettes.
Sales tax is due on the total amount of the sales of beer, wine, and liquor.
Sales tax is due on the tower delivered and installed in Boulder.
Sales tax is due only on orders placed from California.
Sales tax is due, unless a valid claim for exemption is obtained from the purchaser.
Sales tax is extra on all accounts.
Sales tax is extra.
Sales tax is figured on the purchase price of the vehicle.
Sales tax is five per cent.
Sales tax is hard-coded for California in the early versions of the system.
Sales tax is imposed at the retail level.
Sales tax is imposed on most items of tangible personal property.
Sales tax is imposed on sales of goods.
Sales tax is imposed on the gross proceeds of sales from specific activities.
Sales tax is imposed only on the separately stated rental charges.
Sales tax is imposed upon sales on tangible personal property and certain services.
Sales tax is in addition to all the above fees and charges.
Sales tax is included and monitored by the high school financial manager.
Sales tax is included as a separate item.
Sales tax is included for all sales.
Sales tax is included for all taxable items. .
Sales tax is included for the purpose of excise duty.
Sales tax is included in all of our prices.
Sales tax is included in all prices.
Sales tax is included in all stated fees.
Sales tax is included in each lease payment.
Sales tax is included in the listed price.
Sales tax is included in the price of each ticket.
Sales tax is included in the price of the items .
Sales tax is included in the price.
Sales tax is included in unit price.
Sales tax is included on orders where sales tax is applicable, according to the customer s zip code.
Sales tax is included within the subscription price.
Sales tax is included.
Sales tax is leviable on sale of goods.
Sales tax is levied on the seller who recovers it from the customer at the time of sale.
Sales tax is meant to be paid by the ultimate user of whatever is purchased.
Sales tax is non-refundable.
Sales tax is only applicable in the state of Michigan.
Sales tax is paid at the time of registration.
Sales tax is paid by purchaser as applicable.
Sales tax is paid by the consumer at the point of final sales.
Sales tax is paid by the final user of the items.
Sales tax is paid by the publisher.
Sales tax is paid by the purchaser and collected by the seller.
Sales tax is passed on in prices to final consumers.
Sales tax is placed on the initial retail sale of a vehicle.
Sales tax is regressive taxation.
Sales tax is required for all orders billed or shipped within the state of North Carolina.
Sales tax is required for Illinois residents only.
Sales tax is required for residents of Washington D.C. only.
Sales tax is required from California buyers.
Sales tax is required only for Texas residents.
Sales tax is separate from total delivered price.
Sales tax is seven times harder on the poor than on the wealthy.
Sales tax is the county s largest source of revenue.
Sales tax is the number one revenue producer for our state and for most of our cities.
Sales tax is the only viable political option.
Sales tax is the primary source of income for the city which pays for salaries, infrastructure, etc.
Sales tax is usually the biggest source of tax revenue for municipalities.
Sales Tax Learn the guidelines for collecting and depositing sales tax.
Sales tax listed online is estimated only.
Sales tax raises the cost of utilities, supplies, equipment and transportation.
Sales taxs are excises.
Sales taxs are monetary values.
Sales taxs are taxs.
Sales taxes account for about a third of all state revenues.
Sales taxes apply in New Jersey, New York, Tennessee and Virginia.
Sales Taxes apply to California residents only.
Sales taxes apply where applicable.
Sales taxes are a discouragement of the use of the medium.
Sales taxes are a heavy part of the revenue streams for state and local governments.
Sales taxes are almost everywhere, but they're complex, cumbersome, and wildly dissimilar.
Sales taxes are also the least fair taxes around.
Sales taxes are an important source of revenue for most states and some large cities and counties.
Sales taxes are applicable in New York, Pennsylvania and Indiana.
Sales taxes are applicable on both goods and services.
Sales taxes are applicable to all sales.
Sales taxes are approximately one fourth of all tax revenues raised by state and local governments.
Sales taxes are better than income taxes.
Sales taxes are by far the largest revenue source for the city's general fund.
Sales taxes are exempt for all food and clothing in Minnesota.
Sales taxes are exempt for most foods in Manitoba.
Sales taxes are generally the most regressive type of taxes.
Sales taxes are inherently taxes levied upon the poor.
Sales taxes are more stable.
Sales taxes are much more regressive, even for middle-income families.
Sales taxes are normally the responsibility of the buyer as new registered owner.
Sales taxes are part of that trend.
Sales taxes are regressive - that is, they disproportionately impact low income people.
Sales taxes are regressive because they disproportionately hit lower income citizens.
Sales taxes are regressive in their impact on low income groups.
Sales taxes are regressive taxes.
Sales taxes are regressive.
Sales taxes are seven times as hard on poor people as they are on the rich.
Sales taxes are the single largest source of revenue for most states and local governments.
Sales taxes are there to help pay for roads to a store, police protection of a store, etc.
Sales taxes are trust fund taxes in some jurisdictions, as well.
Sales taxes are unpredictable and they hit poor people hardest.
Sales taxes are up again.
Sales taxes are where Alabama cities sink or swim.
Sales taxes boost the price of everything from peas to pantyhose.
Sales taxes can generate large amounts of revenue, but also burden the local economy.
Sales taxes continue to increase, which is always a positive sign.
Sales taxes cover some retail purchases in all district states except Montana.
Sales taxes encourage savings by discouraging consumption of goods and services.
Sales taxes enter the model as an increase in consumer prices.
Sales taxes exclude food, medicine, and some professional services.
Sales taxes go to the city, county and state governments.
Sales taxes help pay for the infrastructure that brings buyers, sellers, and the goods together.
Sales taxes paid by tourists are a major source of revenue.
Sales taxes pay for public services.
Sales taxes provide most of the city's revenue.
Sales taxes punish the poor more than the rich.
Sales taxes vary by county in Ohio.
Sales taxes vary by state and are imposed at the retail level.
Sales taxes vary from province to province.
Sales taxes work that way.
All sales taxes are to be noted separately as a line item entry.
ALL sales taxes are unfair.
Most sales taxes are regressive, disproportionately falling on lower income people.
Sales techniques depend on the local retailer and, sometimes, the supplier.
Sales Techniques Say good-bye to the cat and mouse game.
Sales territory extends beyond borders and across time zones, with no additional overhead.
Sales territory is Southern half of California.
Sales territory is well established, and has much potential for a customer oriented professional.
Some sales territories are still available.
Sales training includes prospecting, demonstrations, proposals and closing sales.
Sales training instills a customer-centric orientation.
Sales training is a good example.
Sales training is critical to success.
Sales training is critical to the development of a powerfully motivated sales staff.
Sales training is given on the job.
Sales training is much more than just waiting for the customer to walk in the door.
Sales training is necessary for continued growth.
Sales training is offered on day one, recruiter training on day two.
Sales training is on-going.
Sales training is paid attention to every day.
Sales training is the art of persuasion.
Sales training leads to significant competitive advantage when it is properly planned and delivered.
Most sales training is forgotten within thirty days unless it is reinforced.
Most sales training teaches the theory of educating the buyer on product knowledge.
A salesclerk is a sales rep
Salesclerks prepare the sales invoice in triplicate.
A salesgirl is a sales rep
Salesgirls get more coverage in a month than the prime minister.
Salesgirls snap their gum as they call out to customers.
Salesian thought recognizes that spiritual progress come slowly and, often, at great cost.
A salesman is a sales rep
Salesman goes through a door in the back of the store, comes back in a few minutes with another man.
Salesman has one sales region.
Salesman is better.
Salesman savagely satirizes and critiques hypocrisy, capitalism and conformity.
Salesmans are located in front doors.
Salesmans are located in shops.
Salesmans are located in toy stores.
Salesmans are salespersons.
Salesmans are sellers.
Salesmans are vendors.
Salesmans have good manners.
Salesmen apply pressure to send money in right away.
Salesmen are also big on breath mints.
Salesmen are everywhere.
Salesmen are persuaders.
Salesmen begin ringing their customers to see if they have bills they want to offer.
Salesmen can decide what approach appears best by comparing margins and markup.
Salesmen can easily visit customers with a pre-sales support person in tow and be home the same day.
Salesmen can find industry statistics.
Salesmen can make more money selling extended warranties than they can selling cars.
Salesmen can make up anything they want.
Salesmen can only focus on a few narrow messages.
Salesmen feel chill from refrigerators online.
Salesmen get a piece of the action.
Salesmen have a continuing incentive to push high commission products and multiple transactions.
Salesmen love pale tourists.
Salesmen love selling technology because it is one of the easiest things to sell.
Salesmen tend to become honest when they are being watched.
Salesmen typically begin their pitch by building credibility.
Salesmen use magic to have the edge over the competition at closing that sale.
Salesmen sometimes make statements about compatibility that are based on limited information.
All salesmen are reachable by cellular phone.
Every salesman knows the importance of a strong close.
Many salesmen are experts at half-truths.
Many salesmen lack the technical expertise to explain or u nderstand how and why the product works.
Many salesmen use the probate files to obtain leads.
Many salesmen work for years before they learn the secrets of success.
Most salesmen are honest in describing their products.
Most salesmen fail because of ego.
Some salesmen can get a little pushy.
Some salesmen hide their true identity with a pseudonym.
Some salesmen like to remember that as they market their goods.
A salesmanship is a skill
Salesmanship accentuates the positive and eliminates the negative.
Salesmanship comprises every phase of human activity.
Salesmanships are skills.
Some salesmanship is in order.
A salesperson is an employee
Salespeople already know everything.
Salespeople also determine if any additional services are needed as well as ask for referrals.
Salespeople answer customers' questions about services.
Salespeople apply ideas and concepts on what they learn each step of the way.
Salespeople appreciate the flow of informative material they can use with customers.
Salespeople are a different breed.
Salespeople are a pain in the butt, period.
Salespeople are able to connect to the web from home.
Salespeople are afraid to use it.
Salespeople are as much to blame as the vendors and makers themselves.
Salespeople are at the center of the economic wheel.
Salespeople are capable of more than that.
Salespeople are expensive.
Salespeople are happy when they have a good product.
Salespeople are in the business of sales.
Salespeople are increasingly mobile and increasingly dependent on timely business data.
Salespeople are information processors.
Salespeople are least likely to be influenced by recent events.
Salespeople are more restricted than agents in the work they are licensed to perform.
Salespeople are no longer the only source of information for customers.
Salespeople are nomads scouring the landscape.
Salespeople are often under the gun to meet deadlines.
Salespeople are on the frontline of business activities.
Salespeople are persistent.
Salespeople are predominantly white males.
Salespeople are professional and knowledgeable.
Salespeople are responsible for checking to see if customers have prior records or felonies.
Salespeople are responsible for sourcing new clients, writing proposals and negotiating contracts.
Salespeople are sometimes the last to know that a customer is in fact in prospect mode.
Salespeople are talkative extroverts with an aggressive self-confidence.
Salespeople are the easiest sold.
Salespeople are the highest paid people in the world, the ability to sell is a rare skill.
Salespeople are the only people who keeps themselves from being successful.
Salespeople are too happy to oblige without getting a commitment or adding an idea or thought.
Salespeople are under tremendous pressure to perform.
Salespeople are usually more in control of the decisions they make about the use of their time.
Salespeople attract lucrative accounts.
Salespeople become superfluous when a product or service becomes a commodity.
Salespeople begin to mentor each other.
Salespeople call craft-related businesses nationwide to attract advertisers.
Salespeople call that breaking it down to the ridiculous.
Salespeople can be as productive as possible on the road.
Salespeople can be invaluable sources of information.
Salespeople can beat their own records with small, steady improvements.
Salespeople can do all that by lending a sense of logic to their customers' emotions.
Salespeople can expect to hear objections at any time during the buyer-seller relationship.
Salespeople can get their commissons paid next year.
Salespeople can help on both fronts by adopting the role of a teacher.
Salespeople can only list their name according to our fee schedule.
Salespeople can record incentive activities and new placements.
Salespeople can run demonstrations on different configurations.
Salespeople can sell for only one dealership at a time.
Salespeople can sign as agent only if they have specifically been granted the power to do so.
Salespeople can use a browser to monitor and update their list of accounts.
Salespeople can use it to punch up their presentations.
Salespeople develop lists of possible clients by using telephone and business directories.
Salespeople do what they are trained to do.
Salespeople don t know how to maximize each and every selling opportunity.
Salespeople earn a percentage of that profit.
Salespeople earn escalating percentages of the pool and can even earn more than the total pool.
Salespeople earn residual income marketing credit cards and telecommunication services.
Salespeople easily move prospects from car to car.
Salespeople emerge with better prospecting, questioning, closing, listening and telephone skills.
Salespeople enjoy a fast pace and appreciable returns.
Salespeople enter as trainees and graduate to account consultant positions.
Salespeople equipped with laptops use the database to pull up and update ads while visiting clients.
Salespeople fail to be creative and innovative.
Salespeople feel personally responsible for the promises they make.
Salespeople generally make a higher percentage of income through commissions or bonuses than salary.
Salespeople get a boost from preliminary work done by the research department.
Salespeople get bonuses tied to individual quotas.
Salespeople get fancy trips, and store owners get fancy markups.
Salespeople go to either homes or offices.
Salespeople hate holidays.
Salespeople have a high calling, an important and critical purpose in the world.
Salespeople have a way with their tongues.
Salespeople Have no Systematic Approach to Sales .
Salespeople have standards.
Salespeople have the edge on their own turf with an uninformed consumer.
Salespeople have the responsibility to question and listen to the buyer.
Salespeople have their own language.
Salespeople have to actually use it.
Salespeople have to make the prospect believe they are sincerely glad the objection has been raised.
Salespeople help customers find products that fit their needs, solve problems or satisfy a want.
Salespeople individually work through the programmed instruction and gain mastery of the subject.
Salespeople initiate relationships with prospects.
Salespeople just work harder on their referral-asking techniques.
Salespeople know about the euphoric that feeling most people get when they have bought a car.
Salespeople know how to sell.
Salespeople know that good skip prevention is crucial in portable CD players.
Salespeople know that the roles are reversed.
Salespeople know what their product can do and they know the market for their product.
Salespeople learn tricks and techniques from the masters.
Salespeople like to be around good news.
Salespeople like to win.
Salespeople make the earth move.
Salespeople make the earth rotate .
Salespeople manage customer databases using PCs.
Salespeople match products to needs.
Salespeople meet with clients.
Salespeople move and when they relocate they routinely work for a new brokers.
Salespeople now scan product specs, while employee files and photos are saved electronically.
Salespeople operate with little or no direct supervision and individual performance is emphasized.
Salespeople pride themselves on being able to sell anything to anybody.
Salespeople promote franchises at expositions and seminars around the country.
Salespeople qualify customers by jotting the answers to questions on the device's small screen.
Salespeople receive the same commission regardless of how orders are placed.
Salespeople report their sales have increased.
Salespeople require a completed application and fee.
Salespeople review the completed forms from their Web browsers even if they are on the road.
Salespeople say money's a big reason.
Salespeople say they are easier on golf greens.
Salespeople simply do what works.
Salespeople speak about function.
Salespeople spend too much time talking about their product.
Salespeople stay with prospects.
Salespeople take their promises seriously.
Salespeople talk about doing special things for their best customers.
Salespeople tend to be more mobile and move often between businesses.
Salespeople tend to be more responsive when a manager is present.
Salespeople tend to like to bond with customers.
Salespeople tend to make sure that their presentation is impressive.
Salespeople then update the job information in the field and print any forms required on-site.
Salespeople typically get one weekend day and one week day off.
Salespeople typically spend a lot of time on the road away from their families.
Salespeople undergo an extensive initial training period and update their skills periodically.
Salespeople use persuasive sales pitches, weaving together facts and half-truths.
Salespeople vary from knowledgeable to bubble-headed.
Salespeople wear blinding red jackets.
Salespeople working in the category undergo internal and external training.
Salespersons advertise their wares.
Salespersons are business people.
Salespersons are capable of closing deals.
Salespersons are capable of double prices.
Salespersons are employees.
Salespersons are located in bookstores.
Salespersons are located in shops.
Salespersons are located in stores.
Salespersons are located in toy stores.
Salespersons are on their feet a lot.
Salespersons are vendors.
Salespersons assist buyers.
Salespersons average eight years of experience.
Salespersons can charge a customer one sum, ring up a receipt for less, and pocket the difference.
Salespersons receive hourly wages, commissions, or a combination of wages and commissions.
Salespersons work with the direct selling of goods and services to the public or another company.
Salespeople always try to sweeten things for themselves by increasing profit throughout the deal.
Salespeople always work on behalf of their broker and the principal.
Salespeople frequently use the contrast principle because it is so effective.
Salespeople often determine which customers to call on and which customers to bypass.
Salespeople often use double-talk to help make their sales.
Salespersons often misrepresent the returns to potential investors.
Salespeople usually choose among one or more approaches when making the sales presentation.
Salespeople usually make mental notes instead of taking written notes.
Salespeople usually work on commission, making it a cheap way to increase volume.
All salespeople compete against each other.
All salespeople know the importance of closing the sale.
Every salesperson has performance goals.
Every salesperson has tales of rejection from hung up phones to doors slammed in their faces.
Every salesperson is capable of installing equipment.
Every salesperson knows a top performer who makes selling look effortless.
Every salesperson maintains certain records in order to conduct business.
Every salesperson perceives that they are doing a good job.
Every salesperson senses that customers are behaving differently.
Many salespeople are likeable people who enjoy helping auto buyers.
Many salespeople earn commissions on the products they sell.
Many salespeople find that humor is a good way to overcome objections.
Many salespeople have the right products and services.
Many salespeople learn different subjects in different ways.
Many salespeople never get down to business.
Many salespeople seem to equate discipline with torture.
Many salespeople send information and believe they've moved the sale along.
Many salespeople think so.
Many salespeople use effective referral-generating techniques.
Many salespeople work for unscrupulous employers who actually condone unethical business practices.
Most salespeople are better at reacting than responding.
Most salespeople are half-prepared.
Most salespeople believe that they are selling their product or service.
Most salespeople crack to varying degrees.
Most salespeople cringe when the truth surfaces because it s generally in the form of an objection.
Most salespeople don t have the time to do enough prospecting to keep their pipelines full.
Most salespeople feel convincing prospects is crucial.
Most salespeople forget about customers right after they leave the store.
Most salespeople go right past it or never allow it to occur.
Most salespeople have a love-hate relationship with voice mail technology.
Most salespeople have more than adequate knowledge of their product.
Most salespeople make the mistake of giving a sales presentation.
Most salespeople play at prospecting.
Most salespeople receive a discount on products sold at the store.
Most salespeople regard questions as requests for information.
Most salespeople run cash registers, take payments, give change, and bag purchases.
Most salespeople spend half their working lives on the phone.
Most salespeople talk themselves out of more sales than they talk themsleves into.
Most salespeople think the customers want to hear that they are top producers.
Most salespeople walk in the door with literature and samples.
Most salespersons have vast amounts of knowledge and are extremely helpful.
Most salespersons know they can survive, that they have the security based on past performance.
Some salespeople are able to respond glibly.
Some salespeople are able to set their own hours as long as they meet their sales goals.
Some salespeople are afraid to use the term salesman or saleswoman.
Some salespeople assist clients who come to the company for information.
Some salespeople concentrate only on one step or a few facets of one step.
Some salespeople do little more than take payments and wrap purchases.
Some salespeople earn a basic hourly rate plus a commission, while others only earn an hourly rate.
Some salespeople have a hard time coming up with the appropriate words.
Some salespeople just don t get it.
Some salespeople only show up when there is an order to be had.
Some salespeople sell faster than others.
Some salespeople simply shrug off such comments.
Some salespeople teach investment courses to find clients.
Some salespeople use a canned presentation to start, then switch to a needs-satisfaction mode.
Some salespeople wait for the sale to come along, and other salespeople create sales.
Some salespeople work nine to five on weekdays.
Some salespersons meet customers by appointments, others make cold calls.
Some salespersons use misleading information to sell trusts.
Some salespersons work on commission.
A saleswoman is a sales rep
Saleswomen are rare and female managers are almost nonexistent.
Salic horizons contain accumulations of salts more soluble than gypsum.
Salicylate metabolism occurs primarily by hepatic microsomal enzymes.
Salicylate poisoning is an intoxication
Salicylate poisoning is greater in acute than in chronic cases.
Salicylate sensitivity is a food intolerance.
A salicylate is salt
Salicylates also decrease the uricosuric effect of sulfinpyrazone and probenecid.
Salicylates also retard the renal elimination of methotrexate.
Salicylates are a family of drugs that reduce inflammation and pain.
Salicylates are a prostaglandin inhibitor.
Salicylates are antioxidant.
Salicylates are common in foods like candy, pies, soft drinks, and sweet rolls.
Salicylates are compounds that inhibit the formation of blood clots.
Salicylates are locally corrosive, and tablets can form bezoars near the gastric outlet.
Salicylates are salt.
Salicylates can be fatal to cats.
Salicylates can cause congestive failure when taken in the large doses used for rheumatic diseases.
Salicylates can complicate surgery, pregnancy, labor and delivery, and illness.
Salicylates can produce changes in the thyroid function tests.
Salicylates can produce changes in thyroid function tests.
Salicylates decrease the ability of the nerve endings in the skin to sense pain.
Salicylates directly stimulate the medulla and cause hyperventilation and respiratory alkalosis.
Salicylates have only recently bee recognized as potential growth regulators in plants.
Salicylates increase the effects of oral anticoagulants.
Salicylates occasionally cause asthma in people who are sensitive to aspirin.
Salicylates occasionally trigger asthma.
Salicylates reduce renal function.
Salicylates work by inhibiting the formation of prostaglandins.
All salicylates share substantially the same side effects.
Some salicylates alter prostaglandin synthesis.
Salicylic acid can also be mixed with sulfur to treat dandruff.
Salicylic acid can induce resistance to plant virus movement.
Salicylic acid causes the destruction of the corn tissue.
Salicylic acid comes in many different forms and generic drug names.
Salicylic acid exfoliates dead flaky skin, reduces oil production and promotes healing.
Salicylic acid has a half life of about four hours at therapeutic doses.
Salicylic acid has anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties.
Salicylic acid helps unclog pores and prevent abnormal shedding of skin cells.
Salicylic acid induces changes in the physical properties of model and native kidney membranes.
Salicylic acid induces changes in the physical properties of model and native membranes.
Salicylic acid is a natural substance which is part of the defense mechanism of plants.
Salicylic acid is a product used to make aspirin.
Salicylic acid is a relatively polar, poorly aqueous soluble material.
Salicylic acid is acid
Salicylic acid is also comedolytic.
Salicylic acid is chemical compounds.
Salicylic acid is derived from aspirin.
Salicylic acid is keratolytic, keratoplastic, antipruritic, and bacteriostatic.
Salicylic acid is particularly effective on blackheads.
Salicylic acid is phenols.
Salicylic acid is preferred.
Salicylic acid is synthesized from the amino acid phenylalanine.
Salicylic acid is the active ingredient in many acne treatments, and it also reduces inflammation.
Salicylic acid is the active ingredient in most acne products on the market.
Salicylic acid is used in many top acne products on the market today, and is a proven acne fighter.
Salicylic acid offers keratoplastic, keratolytic, bacteriostatic and mild anti-pruritic functions.
Salicylic acid works deep into the pores to clean the debris of dead cells.
Some salicylic acids can upset the balance of the skin enough to cause problems durring waxing.
Salience also compares data to industry averages to ensure a comprehensive sales plan.
Salience can also create and conduct all sales training, which is customized for each client.
Salience handles all of the details from paying commissions to filing appropriate tax forms.
Salience implies a pre-occupation with the drug and a narrowing of the drug use repertoire.
Salience is a concept that recognizes the most 'eye-catching' image.
Salience is a Latin derivative meaning in front of the battle lines.
Salience is a real asset.
Salience is a sales and marketing consulting firm.
Salience is prominence
Salience is prominence.
Salience means information that stands out and attracts the observer's attention.
A salient is a projection
Salient features All major civil work items covered.
Salient is similar to rampant, except that both hind feet are on the ground.
Salient specializes in three-dimensional geometry definition and analysis.
Salients are projections.
More salient is what and how research paradigms and methodologies are represented and acknowledged.
Salinated water is yet another surface water contaminant.
Saline County is only a couple counties over and south of Washington County New Minden area.
Saline intrusion has important ramifications for the island's ecosystems.
Saline lakes are generally larger than playas, are very saline, and are influenced by groundwater.
Saline lakes are some of the most unusual, and misunderstood, physical regions of the world.
Saline laxatives act like a sponge to draw water into the colon for easier passage of stool.
Saline laxatives are effective but more likely to pass into the milk.
Saline marsh is characterized by a monotypic stand of smooth cordgrass.
Saline marshes support a highly specialized set of life adapted for saline conditions.
Saline River runs through south edge of property.
Saline soil causes spotty bare areas in a crop field, due to poor emergence.
Saline soils are common, as are pockets of sand and clay loams.
Saline soils are common, as are shallow and stony soils with pockets of deep sand.
Saline soils are locally present.
Saline soils are present in localized areas.
Saline soils contain sufficient soluble salts to adversely affect plant growth.
Saline soils develop in highly irrigated area as more salt comes up due to capillary action of soil.
Saline soils occur naturally in parts of coastal, south-west and northern Queensland.
Saline soils tend to inhibit germination and emergence of cereal grains.
A saline solution is a solution
Saline solution enters one nostril, bathes the nose, and flows out the other nostril.
Saline solution flushes the intravenous line.
Saline solution is a substance which is completely physiologic with the human body.
Saline solution is another option.
Saline solution is available in the health office.
Saline solution is saturated if undissolved salt remains in bottom of container after stirring.
Saline solution restores blood volume and saves lives during emergencies.
Saline solutions are aqueous solutions.
Saline solutions are liquids.
Saline solutions are salt water.
Saline solutions conduct well electricity.
Saline spray is helpful to keep the nose moist.
Saline spray is very helpful for dry sinuses and to moisten the membranes.
Saline Valley offers the opportunity to visit and explore a rugged desert environment.
Saline water can cause considerable yield loss before symptoms of leaf burn become obvious.
Saline water flows out of the Mediterranean and Caribbean to the Atlantic.
Saline water has a high concentration of many different salts, including calcium and magnesium.
Saline water is heavier than fresh water.
Saline water is mixed from density stratified pools during flow events.
Saline water is more dense than fresh water.
Saline water is used primarily as a coolant for industrial processes.
Saline water is, for instance, unusable on some soils, but viable on others.
A saline is a solution
Saline drops really work.
Saline enema the evening before the exam.
Saline forms one of the most pleasant little centers of population in Michigan.
Saline inflates the balloon, stretching the fibers of the ligament, which is then pushed upward.
Saline is just sterile water with a little added salt.
Saline is most very useful when used for gravel burns or grazes.
Saline soils Nonsaline-alkali soils.
Salinity control is achieved through two salt glands on each leaf.
Salinity fluctuations have growth.
Salinity temperature affects survival.
Salinity treatments use approaches.
Salinity treatments use linear approaches.
Salinity treatments use same approaches.
Salinities are higher in the tropics due to high evaporation rates.
Salinities are highest after dry weather periods and lowest after wet weather or snowmelt periods.
Salinities can range from full seawater to fresh in a season.
Salinity affects agricultural, municipal, and industrial users.
Salinity affects ranges.
Salinity affects the timing of phasic development in spring wheat.
Salinity affects tree and vine performance in two ways.
Salinity also affects other constituents such as dissolved oxygen and ammonia concentrations.
Salinity also affects the physical processes in the Bay.
Salinity also determines the distribution of certain benthic predators, parasites and diseases.
Salinity also disrupts the chain of hydrogen bonds in water.
Salinity also fluctuates widely in the intertidal.
Salinity also varies latitudinally.
Salinity also varies with depth in the estuary.
Salinity can affect both the survival and appearance of trees.
Salinity can affect crop growth through specific-ion toxicities and osmotic effects.
Salinity can also fluctuate due to fresh water inputs.
Salinity can also impact the suitability of water for irrigation and livestock watering.
Salinity can also interfere with an organism's use of water.
Salinity can harm many plants, causing leaves to scorch and turn yellow, and stunting plant growth.
Salinity changes with the tides and the amount of fresh water flowing into the estuary.
Salinity continues to be a persistent concern in the river above Lake Buchanan and the lake itself.
Salinity continues to be a significant environmental issue in Victoria s irrigated areas.
Salinity contributes to flavor.
Salinity controls the upper depth limit of black corals in Doubtful Sound, New Zealand.
Salinity decreases eastward toward Israel because of runoff.
Salinity decreases eastward toward Israel because of upwelling.
Salinity decreases from the head of the Gulf to the mouth.
Salinity decreases in a landward direction both in the surface and the subsurface layers.
Salinity decreases just below a layer of sea ice.
Salinity depends mainly upon the distribution of runoff.
Salinity directly affects the productivity by making the soil unsuitable for crop growth.
Salinity drastically degrades plant life and diversity.
Salinity effects large areas of irrigated land.
Salinity enhances growth of the flacca tomato mutant.
Salinity falls during periods of heavy rainfall which are associated with ENSO events.
Salinity generally has more of an adverse effect on the crop than on the soil being irrigated.
Salinity generally reaches a yearly low in the spring.
Salinity greatly determines where plants and animals live within the Bay.
Salinity has affects.
Salinity has bulk salt concentration.
Salinity has concentration.
Salinity has conductivity.
Salinity increases cadmium uptake by wheat and Swiss chard from soil amended with biosolids.
Salinity increases eastward toward Israel because of evaporation.
Salinity increases eastward toward Israel because of upwelling.
Salinity increases gradually downstream.
Salinity increases with depth.
Salinity indicates the amount of soluble salt in soil.
Salinity influences what area of the bay they occur in and where they build their nests.
Salinity is a function of freshwater discharge and tide velocities.
Salinity is a function of landscape and position in the marsh.
Salinity is a good parameter to characterize water at a given spot.
Salinity is a key factor influencing the physical make-up of the Bay.
Salinity is a major environmental threat facing Western Australia.
Salinity is a major factor affecting the physical makeup of estuaries.
Salinity is a measure of all salts dissolved in the water.
Salinity is a measure of how much salt is in the water.
Salinity is a measure of the total salt content in water.
Salinity is a serious water quality issue facing Southern California.
Salinity is a special measure of dissolved solids based upon concentration of ocean salts.
Salinity is affected by weather, especially at the surface of the water.
Salinity is almost the opposite of the temperature graph.
Salinity is also a very important factor along with tides.
Salinity is also an important factor in determining the amount of oxygen a body of water can hold.
Salinity is also different than total dissolved solids.
Salinity is also important to control.
Salinity is an important determinate of what species can live in an area.
Salinity is an important part of the ocean s environment.
Salinity is an increasingly common problem in the prairies.
Salinity is an increasingly important agricultural problem.
Salinity is an indicator of massive droughts in the past.
Salinity is caused by rising watertables.
Salinity is computed from coincident measurements of temperature and conductivity.
Salinity is computed from the conductivity data with corrections for temperature.
Salinity is constant throughout the depths of the deep sea.
Salinity is defined as the total amount of salt dissolved in seawater.
Salinity is derived from the temperature and conductivty variables.
Salinity is determined by measuring the electrical conductivity of water.
Salinity is determined by observing where the line intersects with the gradient.
Salinity is determined using a hand held refractometer.
Salinity is determined using a hydrometer, which measures the specific gravity of the water.
Salinity is due to several things - be able to explain how salts accumulate in soils.
Salinity is greatest near the ocean and smallest near the rivers.
Salinity is high in marginal seas surrounded by arid land, such as the Mediterranean and Red Sea.
Salinity is highest at that point and gradually decreases as one moves north.
Salinity is influenced by the proximity of the slough to the estuary mouth.
Salinity is low near the mouths of major rivers because of input of fresh water.
Salinity is lower near the equator because precipitation is higher.
Salinity is measure in parts per thousand.
Salinity is measured as the concentration of dissolved salts of various kinds.
Salinity is measured by standard analytical means.
Salinity is monitored by determining conductivity of collected runoff and of the blended supply.
Salinity is often an important factor when monitoring many key water quality variables.
Salinity is represented by color in units of the Practical Salinity Scale.
Salinity is shown in purple.
Salinity is slightly more than the Pacific Ocean.
Salinity is taste
Salinity is the amount of dissolved solids in seawater.
Salinity is the measure of salts in the water.
Salinity is the most important factor in determining habitat types in the coastal wetlands.
Salinity is the total amount of salts dissolved in the water.
Salinity is the total amount of solid material that is dissolved in water.
Salinity is total dissolved salts.
Salinity is uniform from surface to bottom increasing toward ocean.
Salinity is vital for animals that live in the ocean.
Salinity is when soil is high in salts.
Salinity isa taste.
Salinity means the amounts of salts dissolved in a volume of water.
Salinity plays an important role in shaping coastal marine communities.
Salinity probably reduces germination by reducing water absorption by the achenes.
Salinity prohibits or greatly reduces the growth of many types of bacteria.
Salinity ranges from nonsaline to moderately saline throughout the soil profile.
Salinity ranges from nonsaline to slightly saline throughout the soil profile.
Salinity ranges of late Mississippian invertebrates of the Central Appalachian basin.
Salinity ranges of some southern African fish species occuring in estuaries.
Salinity reduces the growth of wheat plants.
Salinity refers to salts dissolved in water.
Salinity refers to the concentration of dissolved salts in seawater.
Salinity refers to the concentration of dissolved salts in water.
Salinity remains uniform and similar to the open ocean throughout.
Salinity seems to be an important factor in determining species distributions.
Salinity shows effects of precipitation events.
Salinity slows the germination of bentgrass, ryegrass, and tall fescue as well as other grasses.
Salinity tends to be a very stable thing except when associated with other factors.
Salinity varies from freshwater to brackish and finally salt water.
Salinity varies seasonally with recharge and discharge.
Salinity varies throughout the Bay and changes depending on tide, rainfall and time of year.
Most salinity has affects.
Most salinity has bulk salt concentration.
Most salinity has concentration.
Most salinity has conductivity.
Some salinity affects crop plants.
Some salinity affects development.
Some salinity affects fungi.
Some salinity affects growth.
Some salinity affects plants.
Some salinity has effects.
Some salinity has impact.
Some salinity has metabolism.
Some salinity has negative effects.
Some salinity has physiological impact.
Some salinity has reproduction.
Some salinity has significant effects.
Some salinity occurs in conditions.
Some salinity reduces grass growth.
Some salinity reduces growth.
A salinometer is a gravimeter
Salinometers determine salinity from the electrical conductivity produced by the dissolved salts.
Salitech technology combines a precision, real-time imaging system with low dosage radiation.
Saliva collection is a painless and simple alternative to blood sampling.
Saliva collection is easy, can be done anywhere, any time and at a much lower cost.
Saliva collection is one of their more unusual scientific duties when the youngsters awaken.
Saliva collection is simple, noninvasive and can be performed in the privacy of ones home.
Saliva collection is simple, non-invasive, and can be performed in the privacy of ones home.
Saliva flow keeps tongue surface clean.
Saliva levels are highest during winter mornings.
Saliva production brings relief.
Saliva production decreases with age, which affects chewing, swallowing, and taste.
Saliva production goes on constantly.
Saliva production is decreased.
Saliva test detects illegal drug use.
Saliva tests are also available.
Saliva tests show estrogens.
Saliva tests show low estrogens.
Most saliva tests show low estrogens.
Saliva testing is a newer, less proven technology.
Saliva testing is an accurate and reliable method of measuring body levels of hormones.
Saliva testing is an emerging field for drug, alcohol, and DNA testing.
Saliva testing is easy, accurate and cost less than blood testing.
Saliva testing is relatively new, but so far it holds promise.
Saliva activates the kavalactones.
Saliva acts as a buffer, regulating the pH when acidic drinks are ingested.
Saliva begins digesting food in the mouth , and moistens food to make swallowing easier .
Saliva begins digesting food in the mouth, and moistens food to make swallowing easier.
Saliva breaks down carbohydrates.
Saliva breaks down chemicals.
Saliva breaks down food particles.
Saliva breaks down food.
Saliva breaks down particles.
Saliva build up behind the reed.
Saliva builds up in mouths.
Saliva causes effects.
Saliva causes immune reaction.
Saliva causes reaction.
Saliva collects in mouths.
Saliva collects in throats.
Saliva comes from three pairs of salivary glands, plus many smaller glands.
Saliva consists of two fluids, 'mucous' and 'serous'.
Saliva contains amylase that begins the breakdown of starch as food is chewed.
Saliva contains amylase, an enzyme that begins the digestion of starches.
Saliva contains amylases.
Saliva contains antibodies and myriad molecules that nurture, preserve, and defend the oral tissues.
Saliva contains bacteria.
Saliva contains buffers which neutralize acids produced in the rumen during digestion of feeds.
Saliva contains carbohydrate digestive enzymes.
Saliva contains cellular material.
Saliva contains clot substances.
Saliva contains compounds.
Saliva contains digestive enzymes.
Saliva contains enzyme amylases.
Saliva contains enzymes that aggressively break down food in the mouth.
Saliva contains enzymes that begin the digestion process by moistening the food.
Saliva contains enzymes that begin the digestion process.
Saliva contains enzymes to fight bacteria.
Saliva contains enzymes which start to break down proteins in the digestion process.
Saliva contains enzymes.
Saliva contains mucus, a very effective lubricant, and coats the food to facilitate swallowing.
Saliva contains mucus, antibodies, and enzymes.
Saliva contains potent digestive enzymes which begin the digestive process.
Saliva contains salivary amylases.
Saliva contains secretion.
Saliva contains secretory IgA and lactoferrin, which check bacterial growth.
Saliva contains significant amounts of immunoglobulins.
Saliva contains sodium and some minerals.
Saliva contains substances that help to maintain the mineralization of enamel.
Saliva contains substances.
Saliva contains the highest concentrations.
Saliva contains two enzymes that initiate fat and carbohydrate digestion.
Saliva contains water, amino acids, proteins, sugars, organic acids, salts, etc.
Saliva enables it to adhere to teeth rapidly.
Saliva exerts two effects.
Saliva flows into wounds via the channel formed from the union of the lower pair of incisors.
Saliva flows through one tube into the bite.
Saliva flows with the pains .
Saliva has functions.
Saliva has heal properties.
Saliva has properties.
Saliva helps clear away residues.
Saliva helps control the growth of bacteria and washes away sticky foods that help form plaque.
Saliva helps control the growth of germs that cause tooth decay and other oral infections.
Saliva helps dissolve smelly sulfur particles and washes away bacteria and food particles.
Saliva helps lubricate the knot.
Saliva helps rinse away bacteria, but while sleeping, saliva production shuts down.
Saliva helps starches.
Saliva helps to moisten food and begins the digestion of carbohydrates.
Saliva helps to neutralizes the decay causing acids.
Saliva helps to prevent cavities by digesting the sugars and by washing the teeth.
Saliva helps with cleaning and protecting teeth from decay.
Saliva helps with the digestion.
Saliva impedes the accumulation of plaque on and between teeth.
Saliva is capable of thin ice.
Saliva is embryology.
Saliva is liquids.
Saliva is located in mouths.
Saliva is located near mouths.
Saliva is part of mouths.
Saliva is part of salivary glands.
Saliva is produced by glands.
Saliva is produced by salivary glands.
Saliva is secreted by glands.
Saliva is secretion
Saliva is secretion.
Saliva isa secretion.
Saliva lubricates the food much like in a human so that it can pass to the esophagus.
Saliva lubricates the mouthparts and causes some external digestion to occur.
Saliva mixes with food.
Saliva moistens the food while the teeth chew it up and make it easier to swallow.
Saliva moistens the food, lubricates the esophagus, and initiates the digestion of starch.
Saliva plays many functions in the oral cavity.
Saliva serves purposes.
Saliva spoils food faster than normal because of the digestive juices.
Saliva starts the process of dissolving food.
Saliva starts to break down the food.
Saliva stimulates immune responses.
Saliva stimulates responses.
Saliva tastes salty .
Saliva tends to act as a buffer against tooth decay.
Saliva triggers the start of the chemical breakdown.
Saliva washes away bacteria and dissolves the foul smelling sulfur compounds.
Saliva washes away sticky foods that help form plaque and strengthens teeth with minerals.
Saliva washes away sugars and other substances that promote cavities.
Saliva wets the food and helps in swallowing.
Most saliva breaks down food particles.
Most saliva breaks down food.
Most saliva builds up in mouths.
Most saliva contains amylases.
Most saliva contains bacteria.
Most saliva contains carbohydrate digestive enzymes.
Most saliva contains clot substances.
Most saliva contains compounds.
Most saliva contains digestive enzymes.
Most saliva contains enzyme amylases.
Most saliva contains salivary amylases.
Most saliva contains secretion.
Most saliva contains substances.
Most saliva has functions.
Most saliva has properties.
Most saliva helps starches.
Most saliva is part of mouths.
Most saliva is produced by glands.
Most saliva is produced by salivary glands.
Most saliva is secreted by glands.
Most saliva serves purposes.
Some saliva becomes blood.
Some saliva builds up in throats.
Some saliva carries diseases.
Some saliva causes tooth decay.
Some saliva comes into tissue.
Some saliva contains essential vitamins.
Some saliva contains information.
Some saliva contains levels.
Some saliva contains poison.
Some saliva contains proteins.
Some saliva contains salt.
Some saliva contains starches.
Some saliva contains toxins.
Some saliva contains vitamins.
Some saliva has chemicals.
Some saliva helps blood.
Some saliva prevents tooth decay.
Some saliva produces histamine.
Salivary amylase begins the breakdown of carbohydrates while the food is still in the mouth.
Salivary amylase begins the process of digestion of complex carbohydrates.
Salivary amylase begins to break down starch in the mouth.
Salivary amylase initiates digestion of starch.
Salivary amylase is an enzyme in humans that breaks down starch.
Salivary amylase is produced by serous cells only in the parotid gland.
Salivary amylase remains active as the bolus moves through the esophagus.
Salivary bicarbonate is in equilibrium with the intra-oral gaseous carbon dioxide.
Salivary cancers can also affect sensory nerves.
Some salivary ducts lead from glands.
Salivary flow decreases in all older people.
Salivary flow is decreased due to destruction of salivary glands.
Salivary flow is decreased during night time and during sleep.
Salivary flow is diminished and blotchy melanotic mucosal pigmentation is often seen.
Salivary flow is within normal limits.
Salivary fluid is pumped down the salivary duct and liquefied food is pumped up the food canal.
Salivary fluid is the main route for pathogen transmission.
Salivary fluid transmits the virus e.g. infected eating utensils and kissing.
A salivary gland is a gland
Salivary glands add saliva which contains water, ions, salivary amylase and mucous.
Salivary glands are exocrine glands.
Salivary glands are glands.
Salivary glands are part of mouths.
Salivary glands are simple.
Salivary glands are the long filamentous structures going up.
Salivary glands facilitate the food to assimilate chemically.
Salivary glands make saliva, a digestive juice.
Salivary glands produce enzymes.
Salivary glands produce extra fluid.
Salivary glands produce fluid that helps break the food down.
Salivary glands produce fluid.
Salivary glands produce mucuses.
Salivary glands produce sticky mucuses.
Salivary glands supply the mouth with a liquid substance called saliva.
Most salivary glands produce enzymes.
Most salivary glands produce extra fluid.
Most salivary glands produce fluid.
Most salivary glands produce mucuses.
Most salivary glands produce sticky mucuses.
Some salivary glands help digestion.
Some salivary glands produce glue.
Some salivary glands produce saliva.
Some salivary glands produce venom.
Some salivary glands secrete digestive juice.
Some salivary glands secrete salivary amylases.
Salivary insufficiency leads to difficulty in chewing.
Salivary lysozyme has an antibacterial function.
Some salivary proteins have roles.
Salivary secretion is controlled by the autonomic nervous system.
Salivary secretion is controlled by the nervous system.
Salivary secretion is strictly reflex.
Salivary secretions are known to play an important role in the attack of aphids on plant tissue.
Salivary secretions cause a stunting of leaf and stem growth and leaves tend to fold upwards.
Salivary secretions cause a stunting of leaf and stem growth.
Some salivary secretion contains histamine.
Salivary steroid assays for assessing variation in endocrine activity.
Salivary substitutes are helpful in limiting oral problems.
Salivary testing is very easy.
Salivary volume decreases.
Salivation is a spell-binding mix, reflecting the best in American roots music.
Salivation is common and urine and faeces are passed more frequently.
Salivation is common, and abdominal pain and diarrhoea sometimes occur.
Salivation is profuse and often the patient involuntarily urinates and defecates.
Salivation is secretion
Salivation is secretion.
Salivation often increases, and both pulse rate and blood pressure rise during the seizure.
Salivation often is increased.
Salle keys are available to members in good standing.
Sally isa statement.
Some sallies require high humidity.
Some sallies require humidity.
Salmon Creek flows around the club on three sides.
Salmon Creek runs through both parks.
Some salmon eaters have fast insulin levels.
Some salmon eaters have levels.
Some salmon eaters have lower fast insulin levels.
Some salmon eaters have lower levels.
Salmon farms use krill meat.
Salmon farms use meat.
Most salmon farms use krill meat.
Most salmon farms use meat.
All salmon fishing is done below the dam's cable.
Salmon River Offers trout and steelhead fishermen fantastic opportunities.
Salmon River runs by for fantastic views.
Salmon adapt to environments.
Salmon are known as fish.
Salmon are known as salmon.
Salmon are located in rivers.
Salmon are located in streams.
Salmon are located in water.
Salmon attract bears.
Salmon become fish.
Salmon catch in fisheries.
Salmon eat food.
Salmon eat krill.
Salmon enter oceans.
Salmon enter rivers.
Salmon enter sea.
Salmon enter water.
Salmon feed in lakes.
Salmon feed in oceans.
Salmon feed in rivers.
Salmon feed in sea.
Salmon feed in streams.
Salmon feed in water.
Salmon go to oceans.
Salmon has-part backs.
Salmon has-part fins.
Salmon have (part) brains.
Salmon have (part) breasts.
Salmon have (part) cell membranes.
Salmon have (part) chest cavities.
Salmon have (part) chests.
Salmon have (part) corpi.
Salmon have (part) cytoplasm.
Salmon have (part) ears.
Salmon have (part) faces.
Salmon have (part) fish scales.
Salmon have (part) fishbones.
Salmon have (part) flippers.
Salmon have (part) heads.
Salmon have (part) nuclei.
Salmon have (part) pedal extremities.
Salmon have (part) plasma membranes.
Salmon have (part) rib cages.
Salmon have (part) sections.
Salmon have (part) skulls.
Salmon have (part) sperm.
Salmon have (part) sterna.
Salmon have (part) tail fins.
Salmon have (part) vacuoles.
Salmon have (part) vertebrate feet.
Salmon have (part) yolks.
Salmon have ability.
Salmon have acid levels.
Salmon have bellies.
Salmon have color.
Salmon have distinctive noses.
Salmon have fatty acid levels.
Salmon have hook noses.
Salmon have levels.
Salmon have life.
Salmon have mild taste.
Salmon have noses.
Salmon have razor teeth.
Salmon have red color.
Salmon have sacs.
Salmon have sides.
Salmon have silvery sides.
Salmon have skin color.
Salmon have taste.
Salmon have teeth.
Salmon have yolk sacs.
Salmon is a food fish
Salmon is a salmonid
Salmon is fish.
Salmon is food.
Salmon is part of salmon.
Salmon is salmonids.
Salmon isa fish.
Salmon lay eggs.
Salmon live in different habitats.
Salmon live in habitats.
Salmon live in oceans.
Salmon live in ponds.
Salmon live in rivers.
Salmon live in salt water.
Salmon live in streams.
Salmon live in water.
Salmon make waste.
Salmon migrate to oceans.
Salmon migrate to sea.
Salmon need cool water.
Salmon need oxygenate water.
Salmon need water.
Salmon occur in fisheries.
Salmon occur in sea.
Salmon occur in streams.
Salmon occur in water.
Salmon possess proteins.
Salmon possess sides.
Salmon prefer water.
Salmon provide food.
Salmon provide proteins.
Salmon reach adulthood.
Salmon reach maturity.
Salmon reach sexual maturity.
Salmon require habitats.
Salmon require lakes.
Salmon require streams.
Salmon require water.
Salmon return to creeks.
Salmon return to lakes.
Salmon return to natal streams.
Salmon return to oceans.
Salmon return to rivers.
Salmon return to sea.
Salmon return to streams.
Salmon return to water.
Salmon seek streams.
Salmon serve as fish.
Salmon swim in oceans.
Salmon swim in ponds.
Salmon swim in rivers.
Salmon swim in sea.
Salmon swim in streams.
Salmon swim in water.
Salmon thrive in water.
Salmon thrive in waterways.
Salmons are favorite foods among bears, seals, sharks, dolphins, and, of course, humans.
Salmons are great food fish.
Salmons come in a wide variety of shapes, sizes and colors.
Salmons feed on crustaceans, amphipods and various insects in the sea.
Salmons hatch in streams or the upper courses of rivers and migrate to the ocean.
Salmons have food sac when they're still young.
Salmons have silvery skin with spotted back and fins.
Salmons says libraries have to be part of the future of book reading.
All salmon are different colors.
All salmon carry the bacteria that cause the kidney disease.
All salmon have arrow-points like that in their heads today.
All salmon have to migrate through the Columbia River estuary, which is rife with predators.
All salmon spend part of their life in fresh water and part of their life in the ocean.
Every salmon has to be recorded at the fishery office returned or killed.
Many salmon die returning to their place of birth.
Many salmon face extinction in the wild.
Many salmon feed in the ocean for over four years then return to spawn in Olympic's forested rivers.
Many salmon follow the circular flow of ocean currents.
Many salmon have trouble finding the fish ladders on the dams.
Most salmon are known as fish.
Most salmon are known as salmon.
Most salmon are located in rivers.
Most salmon are located in streams.
Most salmon are located in water.
Most salmon become fish.
Most salmon die after spawning.
Most salmon eat food.
Most salmon eat krill.
Most salmon encounters fungi during their various life stages.
Most salmon enter oceans.
Most salmon enter rivers.
Most salmon enter sea.
Most salmon enter water.
Most salmon go to oceans.
Most salmon has-part backs.
Most salmon has-part fins.
Most salmon have ability.
Most salmon have acid levels.
Most salmon have bellies.
Most salmon have color.
Most salmon have distinctive noses.
Most salmon have fatty acid levels.
Most salmon have levels.
Most salmon have life.
Most salmon have mild taste.
Most salmon have noses.
Most salmon have razor teeth.
Most salmon have red color.
Most salmon have sacs.
Most salmon have sides.
Most salmon have silvery sides.
Most salmon have skin color.
Most salmon have teeth.
Most salmon have yolk sacs.
Most salmon live in different habitats.
Most salmon live in habitats.
Most salmon live in oceans.
Most salmon live in ponds.
Most salmon live in rivers.
Most salmon live in salt water.
Most salmon live in streams.
Most salmon live in water.
Most salmon make waste.
Most salmon occur in fisheries.
Most salmon occur in sea.
Most salmon occur in streams.
Most salmon occur in water.
Most salmon producing rivers throughout Washington and Vancouver Island also contribute.
Most salmon provide food.
Most salmon provide proteins.
Most salmon raised on farms are of the Atlantic variety, which grows faster than Pacific salmon.
Most salmon reach adulthood.
Most salmon reach maturity.
Most salmon reach sexual maturity.
Most salmon really do go home to spawn and die.
Most salmon require habitats.
Most salmon require lakes.
Most salmon require streams.
Most salmon require water.
Most salmon seek streams.
Most salmon serve as fish.
Most salmon undergo dramatic changes.
Some salmon are located in lakes.
Some salmon are still in the river with a few still on their spawning beds.
Some salmon attract anglers.
Some salmon come from oceans.
Some salmon die in sea.
Some salmon eat fish.
Some salmon eat plankton.
Some salmon enter open oceans.
Some salmon enter ponds.
Some salmon eventually do make it back to their home rivers, only to be blocked by huge dams.
Some salmon feed in habitats.
Some salmon find in lakes.
Some salmon give birth to offspring.
Some salmon give birth to salmon.
Some salmon go to rivers.
Some salmon has-part stomachs.
Some salmon have black spots.
Some salmon have dark spots.
Some salmon have different requirements.
Some salmon have distribution.
Some salmon have energy.
Some salmon have enzymes.
Some salmon have large black spots.
Some salmon have places.
Some salmon have requirements.
Some salmon have spots.
Some salmon have substances.
Some salmon have tendencies.
Some salmon is sold fresh, frozen, or smoked, but most is canned.
Some salmon live in Asia.
Some salmon live in bays.
Some salmon live in regions.
Some salmon make hormones.
Some salmon migrate hundreds of miles up river.
Some salmon play in oceans.
Some salmon reach mouths.
Some salmon return to birthplaces.
Some salmon seek shelter.
Some salmon sharks maintain body temperature.
Some salmon sharks maintain temperature.
Some salmon swim in lakes.
Some salmon travel thousands of miles out into the north Pacific.
Salmonberry plants produce vivid pink flowers.
Salmonberry plants reproduce both sexually and asexually.
A salmonberry is a bramble
Salmonberries are a local Alaskan favorite.
Salmonberries are capable of reproducing both sexually and asexually .
Salmonberries are edible and share the fruit structure of the raspberry.
Salmonberries are edible and vary in flavor from bush to bush and year to year.
Salmonberries are found in moist forests and stream margins, especially in the coastal forests.
Salmonberries are in the raspberry family and are only found in northern coastal areas.
Salmonberries are indigenous to the western coasts of North America.
Salmonberries are located primarily in the western United States and Canada .
Salmonberries are raspberries.
Salmonberries are reddish-orange and look like orange raspberries.
Salmonberries bloom in early springs.
Salmonberries bloom in springs.
Salmonberries contain fructose.
Salmonberries form dense thichets under red alder inshady swamps and in moist sites along roadsides.
Salmonberries hang pendulous from their branches, a treat for the bears that inhabit the region.
Salmonberries have (part) cell membranes.
Salmonberries have (part) cells.
Salmonberries have (part) corpi.
Salmonberries have (part) cytoplasm.
Salmonberries have (part) nuclei.
Salmonberries have (part) plasma membranes.
Salmonberries have (part) sections.
Salmonberries have (part) vacuoles.
Salmonberries have (part) xylem.
Salmonberries have a unique place at the historical dinner table.
Salmonberries have life.
Salmonberries have other uses too.
Salmonberries have seeds.
Salmonberries have shelf life.
Salmonberries have short shelf life.
Salmonberries have the ability to spread rapidly in large openings.
Salmonberries is a memorable story about love and longing, self-acceptance and hope.
Salmonberry isa raspberry.
Most salmonberries bloom in early springs.
Most salmonberries bloom in springs.
Most salmonberries contain fructose.
Most salmonberries have life.
Most salmonberries have seeds.
Most salmonberries have shelf life.
Most salmonberries have short shelf life.
Some salmonberries are classified as brambles.
Some salmonberries contain sodium.
Some salmonberries provide food.
Salmonella enteritis is the strain of bacteria most likely to affect eggs.
Salmonella infection can correspond with generalized adenopathy.
Salmonella infection can spread through direct or indirect contact with lizards or their droppings.
Salmonella infection causes diarrhea, stomach cramps, nausea and vomiting, and fever.
Salmonella infection increases porcine antibacterial peptide concentrations in serum.
Salmonella infection increases porcine antimibacterial peptide concentrations in serum.
Salmonella infection is a common bacterial disease that affects the intestinal tract.
Salmonella infections are more common in the summer than winter.
Salmonella infections are zoonotic - they can be passed from animal to human.
Salmonella infections can cause serious illness in children, the elderly and the immune compromised.
Salmonella infections continue to cause gastrointestinal and systemic disease throughout the world.
Salmonella infections occur in all farm animals and in most wild animals.
Salmonella infections range in severity and sometimes require hospitalization.
Most salmonella infections are traced back to dairy, poultry and meat products.
Some salmonella infection spreads from guts.
Salmonella poisoning can cause vomiting, fever, diarrhea, and stomach cramping.
Salmonella poisoning can come from anything animal foods and their juices touch.
Salmonella poisoning is just as great a risk with turkey as it is with other poultry.
Salmonella poisoning is the second most common type of food poisoning.
Salmonella poisoning occurs when the bacteria is eaten.
Salmonella poisoning stems from bacteria contaminated poultry, eggs and meat.
A salmonella is a bacteria
Salmonella are bacteria, which exist everywhere in the environment.
Salmonella are extremely resistant and live for extended periods of time outside the host.
Salmonella are just two of the common foodborne diseases.
Salmonella are rod-shaped bacteria that live in the intestines of animals and humans.
Salmonella are widespread in cows, poultry, pigs, pets and wild animals.
Salmonella assay while iso-steviol is inactive.
Salmonella can be fatal for someone in the hospital.
Salmonella can be present in an egg without a crack.
Salmonella can be present in the eggs.
Salmonella choleraesuis infections in humans are extremely rare and can cause death.
Salmonella invasins trigger actin polymerization and depolymerization.
Salmonella is dead when the yolk turns solid.
Salmonella is often present in raw meat, fish and dairy products.
Salmonella is oxidase-negative.
Salmonella is present in a fifth of all broiler chickens sold.
Salmonella is spread via the fecal-oral route when animals or people pass stools.
Salmonella isa bacterium.
Salmonella live in the intestinal tracts of humans and other animals, including birds.
Salmonella occurs worldwide.
Salmonella osteomyelitis in childhood.
Salmonella reproduce by binary fission.
Salmonella species cause alkaline reaction indicated by purple color throughout medium.
Salmonella strains appear as mauve colonies.
Salmonella too can be stressful on poultry production.
Salmonella typhi infection in children younger than five years of age.
Salmonellae are common in the intestinal tracts and feces of animals.
Salmonellae are widespread in nature.
Salmonellas are bacterial infection.
Salmonellas are bacteriums.
Salmonellas are common commensals of all animals and birds and are excreted in feces.
Salmonellas are species.
Salmonellas cause acute illnesses.
Salmonellas cause illnesses.
Salmonellas have (part) cell membranes.
Salmonellas have (part) cells.
Salmonellas have (part) corpi.
Salmonellas have (part) cytoplasm.
Salmonellas have (part) flagella.
Salmonellas have (part) nuclei.
Salmonellas have (part) plasma membranes.
Salmonellas have (part) sections.
Salmonellas have (part) vacuoles.
Salmonellas infect body tissue.
Salmonellas infect tissue.
Most salmonellas cause acute illnesses.
Most salmonellas cause illnesses.
Some salmonella strains resist drugs.
Some salmonellas are located in turtles.
Some salmonellas enter bloodstreams.
Salmonellosis notifications demonstrate marked periodicy, with sumer peaks and winter troughs.
Salmonellosis outbreaks are usually a problem in passerine birds using bird feeders.
Salmonid fishes differ in their cortisol and glucose responses to handling and transport stress.
Salmonid fry develop parr marks or stripes on their sides.
A salmonid is a bony fish
Salmonids are especially sensitive to stream temperatures in summer months.
Salmonids are particularly susceptible, especially at the juvenile stage.
Salmonids are salmon, trout and chars, e.g. bull trout.
Salmonids are very active fish and they require lots of oxygen.
Salmonids can become food for larger fish and animals like tuna, seals, dolphins and whales.
Salmonids find fresh, drifting eggs, to be irresistable.
Salmonids require a lot of clean, loose gravel.
Salmonids tend to prefer cool temperatures, and they can be found even in the Arctic Ocean.
Salmonids use two forms of cover, overhead and submerged.
Many salmonids have a dual life.
A salon is a picture gallery
Salon augments the essay with an interview and commentary .
Salon collects from users and what it does with such information.
Salon expounds on the fundamental reasons for the behavioral differences between men and women .
Salon looking aft - Galley on starboard side, owners stateroom forward.
Salon looks at athlete's tattoos as billboards.
Salon looks at several companies that have been hit by the fall in tech stock prices.
Salon looks at the open sourcing of the video game.
Salon looks at the prospect of less U.S. peacekeeping.
Salon publishes one book review per day.
Salon publishes original daily content, expressly for the Web.
Salon Publishes original materials on culture, politics and personality.
Salon regrets the error.
Salon regrets the errors.
Salon reports on real estate vs the rockers .
Salon reports on the bug's life.
Salon reports on the latest fashions to sweep Japan.
Salon reserves the right to edit submitted letters for length, grammar and spelling.
Salon reserves the right to reject any ad based on content or images contained in the banner.
Salon specializes in hair color and color correction.
Salon specializes in precision cuts and bold color.
Salon takes notice as the gay online dollar hots up with an article about gay media moguls .
Salon wins awards, has record flow, while they hack themselves to bits trying to get profitable.
Salons also use thalassotherapy, a mineral, marine algae-based treatment for acne.
Salons appreciate our mostly staff-written articles containing information they can really use.
Salons are galleries.
Salons are living rooms.
Salons are located in castles.
Salons are located in cities.
Salons are located in malls.
Salons are located in shopping malls.
Salons are no different than any other business.
Salons are shops.
Salons are used for hair stylings.
Salons are used for makeovers.
Salons are used for manicures.
Salons are used for shampoos.
Salons cover a variety of issues dealing directly with independent film and video making.
Salons last four to six weeks, and are led by an expert in the field.
Salons now do one pedicure for every three manicures.
Salons take place in the late afternoon or early evening in up-scale homes.
Salon always looks sanitary, inviting, professional.
Salons usually are clean, pleasant, and well lighted.
Many salons also prepare and sell their own beauty care products.
Many salons are unisex.
Many salons have informals in the store that are short dresses or two-piece dresses.
Many salons hide the containers in the back, or refill brand containers.
Most salons can offer perms.
Most salons have someone who is stronger in cutting than other services.
Most salons offer free consultations and they only take a few minutes.
Most salons offer makeupapplication.
Most salons only allow entry to Japanese people and forbid entry to strangers.
Some salons offer a free consultation and even a skin analysis.
Some salons offer massages, too.
Some salons reheat and then strain hair out of the wax so that it can be reused.
Some salons use a chemical process to start dreadlocks.
Some salons use heated mitts, extending the benefit of the soothing heat.
Saloon cars run in different classes to sports cars.
A saloon is a room
Saloon isa room.
Saloons are always warm and comfortable.
Saloons are located in cities.
Saloons are located in dodge cities.
Saloons are located in far wests.
Saloons are located in towns.
Saloons are located in wild wests.
Saloons are part of pubs.
Saloons are places of civilization dedicated to playing to the wildness of masculine nature.
Saloons are used for beers.
Saloons are used for cowboys.
Saloons are used for drinking.
Saloons are used for drinks.
Saloons are used for fighting.
Saloons are used for playing cards.
Saloons are used for wild wests.
Saloons command that which is wrong and prohibit that which is right.
Saloons have (part) bases.
Saloons have (part) ceilings.
Saloons have (part) doorways.
Saloons have (part) floors.
Saloons have (part) room light.
Saloons have (part) sections.
Saloons have (part) walls.
Saloons have swinging doors.
Saloons prominently feature poker tables.
Every saloon has a small lounge, like the earlier train, and also has audio visual facility.
Most saloons are part of pubs.
A salp is a chordate
Salps are adapted for a free-swimming, planktonic existence.
Salps are arguably the most primitive living chordates.
Salps are important for what they eat and excrete.
Salps are minute tunicates that live as plankton.
Salps are tunicates.
Salps belong to a group of marine chordates commonly known as tunicates.
Salps literally starve to death because they are in the midst of plenty.
Salps reproduce both sexually and by budding.
A salpingectomy is ablation
Salpingectomy is the surgical removal of both fallopian tubes.
Salsa dancing is hot, sexy and stylish.
Salsa music blasts from huge speakers, making for a festive atmosphere.
Salsa music fills the air and there is dancing in the streets.
Salsa music is based on Cuban music .
Salsa music is based on Cuban music.
Salsa music is music.
Salsa music is musical compositions.
Salsa music provides a background for tables full of shouting men and flotillas of ladies in pearls.
Salsa music sounds from behind the wooden doors and French windows.
Salsa also sounds fine when served over a fajita or added to a taco.
Salsa can be anything from a condiment to a sauce to what people typically think of as salsa.
Salsa can become many things, recreation, exercise, socializing and much more.
Salsa certainly needs fresh cilantro, as do some sauces, pestos and salads.
Salsa comes on the side.
Salsa continues to evolve, develop and garner large numbers of fans.
Salsa dancing for fun or competition, visit TOSalsa for news and information.
Salsa employs different and changing dynamics throughout a single song.
Salsa even crown numerous dessert dishes.
Salsa goes through many cycles.
Salsa has everything to do with expressing safe sexuality in an unsafe world.
Salsa has many roots, but the style that gave rise to and shaped it more than any other is the son.
Salsa has more passion, movement and a much bigger following, nationally and internationally.
Salsa is a beautiful thing.
Salsa is a blend of Spanish and African rhythm and movements.
Salsa is a condiment
Salsa is a formula, merengue is a formula.
Salsa is a genre.
Salsa is a good topping to add at the table.
Salsa is a great addition to tacos, eggs, potatoes and nearly everything in between.
Salsa is a great low calorie source of lycopene.
Salsa is a Latin musical style that incorporates a variety of influences.
Salsa is a Mexican-style vegatable sauce.
Salsa is a nice addition to vegetables as well.
Salsa is a ready-made seasoning for cooking as well as a condiment.
Salsa is a re-package of lots of different styles.
Salsa is a spicy mixture of latin dances.
Salsa is a spicy, zesty, energetic and sensual partner dance.
Salsa is a street dance.
Salsa is a unique New York phenomenon.
Salsa is a very significant expression of culture.
Salsa is a very significant expression ofculture.
Salsa is a wonderful thing.
Salsa is a worldwide collection of gently ribald philosophy.
Salsa is about feeling.
Salsa is already the dance of the nineties and the new millennium.
Salsa is beautiful.
Salsa is believed to be the hardest one to learn.
Salsa is best when freshly prepared.
Salsa is by far the most mainstream form of tropical music.
Salsa is condiments.
Salsa is definitely popular.
Salsa is food.
Salsa is fun and easy to learn.
Salsa is fun.
Salsa is great as a side dish.
Salsa is great with veggies, and it's low in fat.
Salsa is hot and so is the music.
Salsa is mambo.
Salsa is more difficult to pick up.
Salsa is more romantic and sexy.
Salsa is more than just a dip.
Salsa is never better than during tomato season.
Salsa is new here, lots of interest.
Salsa is now more likely to sit on America's kitchen tables than ketchup.
Salsa is one of the latest trends in canning.
Salsa is one of the most sensual, fun, and exciting forms of partner dance today.
Salsa is only a tiny project which is mainly used for German projects and MSc projects.
Salsa is open to all ages.
Salsa is our word for the week.
Salsa is played early and late during the night.
Salsa is played in common time, that is four beats in every bar.
Salsa is sauces.
Salsa is soft.
Salsa is spicy food.
Salsa is synonymous with sensuality and grace.
Salsa is taught in many forums.
Salsa is that wonderful Mexican sauce made from fresh tomatoes, cilantro, onions and garlic.
Salsa is the best.
Salsa is the greatest thing that ever happened in the world of music.
Salsa is the ideal dinner guest.
Salsa is the number one condiment in America.
Salsa is the number one condiment in the United States.
Salsa is the Spanish word for sauce.
Salsa is the ultimate Mexican condiment, and can be used to accent or reinvent a multitude of foods.
Salsa is used for fun.
Salsa is usually a fat-free food.
Salsa is usually fat-free and rich in texture and taste.
Salsa is very bouncy and full of pep.
Salsa is very sexy and sensual.
Salsa just happens to be a top-selling condiment in the United States, right up there with catsup.
Salsa largely reflects an attempt to modernize stale styles.
Salsa makes a good topping.
Salsa makes a great topping for baked potatoes, too.
Salsa makes a great topping for steamed vegetables and adds no fat at all.
Salsa makes a great topping, as does any pedestrian honey-mustard concoction.
Salsa means sauce in Spanish.
Salsa means Sauce, and is a blend of Latin rhythms.
Salsa now is the best-selling condiment in the United States, surpassing ketchup.
Salsa now outsells catsup.
Salsa now outsells ketchup.
Salsa offers an exhilarating mix of both pattern dancing and free expressive movement.
Salsa provides the seasonings in today's recipe, but other refrigerator staples can be used.
Salsa replaces ketchup as America's number one condiment in dollar sales.
Salsa s less than perfectly fresh and the chips are still stale.
Salsa seems to have become a kitchen staple.
Salsa starts, and the guests hand out beers.
Salsa still serves well as a dipping snack.
Salsa takes passion.
Salsa varies from site to site.
Salsa works on the basis of Mambo - a pattern of six steps danced over eight counts of music.
Salsa's a free food for a diabetic.
Salsas are a great accent to any meal.
Salsas are as free-form as impromptu summer dinners.
Salsas are classically a combination of diced vegetables or fruits, vinegar, herbs and citrus.
Salsas are excellent companions to traditional Jewish and contemporary kosher cuisine.
Salsas are good on everything from eggs to pork chops.
Salsas are intensely flavorful, but more significantly are a healthful accompaniment to any meal.
Salsas are more nutritious and less caloric than dips of flavored sour cream.
Salsas are the second crucial building block of the Mexican grill.
Salsas rely in part on chiles to provide both flavor and heat.
Salsas take minimal cooking and are best made ahead to enhance their flavors.
More salsa is sold today than ketchup or other tomato-based sauces.
Most salsas are variations of salsa cruda, a fresh blend of tomatoes, onions, cilantro and garlic.
Much salsa is consumed.
Salt air blows across ornate tombstones, with names in French, German and Spanish.
Salt air is good for the heart.
Salt bonds are important type of chemical bonds in the hair.
Salt bonds give hair many important properties and affect most chemical treatments.
Salt bridges stabilize the folded structure of barnase.
Salt brine is evaporated under pressure with added heat.
Salt brine is used as a prewetting agent for solid salt and anti-icing operations.
Salt cedar can also produce several hundred thousand seeds in a single growing season.
Salt cedar is a new piece of the puzzle.
Salt cedar is a plant that is native to the Middle East.
Salt cedar makes the soil more saline, which impedes the growth of many native plants.
A salt cod is a saltwater fish
Salt cod is available in most supermarkets.
Salt cod is evident in cuisines of the Mediterranean and Caribbean Seas.
Salt cod needs overnight soaking or longer, until it's soft.
Salt cods are cods.
Salt concentration decreases solubility.
Salt concentration reaches certain levels.
Salt concentration reaches levels.
Salt concentrations can build up in the soils due to decreased water availability.
Most salt concentration decreases solubility.
Most salt concentration reaches certain levels.
Most salt concentration reaches levels.
Salt Creek drains the eastern row of townships and flows east.
Salt Creek has luscious greenery and is a well-maintained park.
Salt Creek is a small park with big camping enjoyments.
Salt Creek is shown.
Salt Creek supports large numbers of benthic macroinvertebrates.
Salt crystals are abrasive and corrosive.
Salt crystals are in cubic form and are referred to as cubic packing of almost equal spheres.
Salt crystals are often visible and tasteable on the back of the leaves.
Salt crystals are often visible and tasteable on the underside of the leaves.
Salt crystals are some of the easiest to grow.
Salt crystals are unexpectedly square.
Salt crystals dissolve on the surface of the cheese creating a brine that is absorbed by the curd.
Salt crystals expand, pushing the crust of salt into rough, chaotic forms.
Salt crystals Take a clean dry jar and put one layer of mangoes and one layer on salt crystals.
Salt crystals taken up by the roots are stored in the leaves.
Salt crystals tend to absorb moisture from the air.
Salt deficiency causes heat cramps, nausea and vomiting.
Salt deficiency is a very serious problem that can occur during the breeding season.
Salt deposits are common in most deserts and also in salt marshes near estuaries.
Salt domes are a source of salt for many salt mining operations.
Salt domes are very important to the petroleum industry.
Salt domes begin forming.
Salt domes can be very large structures.
Many salt domes have a toadstool or umbrella shape, which allows for the accumulation of oil.
Some salt domes have enough sulfur in the cap rock that it can be economically recovered.
Salt dough can make great keepsakes.
Salt dough is easy.
Salt excretion is pivotal to the dolphin's processes.
Salt finger signatures in microstructure measurements.
A salt flat is a flat
Salt flats are especially common in the east.
Salt flats are too harsh for most plants and animals to survive, yet are quite fragile.
Salt flats are very unusual .
Salt flats are very unusual.
Salt flats stretch between the reserve and the village.
Salt glands are instrumental in bermuda and zoysia salt tolerance.
Salt glands are microscopic and occur in epidermal depressions on the upper leaf surface.
Salt glands concentrate salt from blood in an area near the sinuses.
Salt glands have a countercurrent blood flow that removes and concentrates salt ions from the blood.
Salt glands maintain salt balance and allow marine vertebrates to drink seawater .
Salt glands play important roles.
Salt glands play roles.
Salt glands surrounding the tongue help maintain osmotic balance in sea water.
Most salt glands play important roles.
Most salt glands play roles.
Some salt glands eliminate excess salt.
Some salt glands eliminate salt.
Some salt glands excrete salt.
Some salt glands maintain body fluid homeostasis.
Some salt glands maintain homeostasis.
Some salt glands produce concentrate urine.
Some salt glands produce urine.
Some salt glands produce water.
Some salt glands remove excess salt.
Some salt glands remove salt.
Salt grass requires an alkasol.
Salt grasses grow along the water's edge and in the lake itself.
Salt hay is difficult to find in central Illinois.
Salt hay is less likely to have weed seeds than field hay.
Salt intake causes consumption.
Salt intake causes feed consumption.
Salt intake helps.
Salt intake is also important before and after transport, especially in hot weather.
Most salt intake causes consumption.
Most salt intake causes feed consumption.
Some salt intake comes from food.
Some salt intake helps hypertension.
Salt Island is one of the many accessible only by private boat.
Salt Lake Continues to Offend.
Salt Lake is also central to the other major climbing areas in the west.
Salt Lake is also home to professional baseball , hockey , and indoor-soccer teams.
Salt Lake is in full-swing into spring.
Salt Lake is laid out on a rectangular grid.
Salt Lake is only six hours from West Yellowstone.
Salt Lake is served by most major air carriers.
Salt Lake looks like a city enjoying a growth spurt.
Salt Lake offers a large variety of live music, dance and theatre companies.
Salt lakes appear in the virgin lands.
Salt lakes are a good deal more varied in many physico-chemical features than freshwater lakes.
Salt lakes are lakes.
Salt lakes are natural things.
Salt lakes are normally dry and appear as glittering sheets of salt stretching to the horizon.
Salt lakes occupy the lowest position in the landscape.
Salt lakes occur in many low positions, in places following lines of ancient drainage.
Many salt lakes have large recreational values such as fishing, photography, bird-watching, sailing.
Salt lick is a sediment
Salt licks are a very important habitat resource.
Salt licks placed nearby can stop porcupine damage .
Salt licks placed nearby can stop porcupine damage.
Salt marsh plants play ecological roles.
Salt marsh plants play important ecological roles.
Salt marsh plants play important roles.
Salt marsh plants play roles.
Salt marsh is important for preventing floods and protecting the food chain.
Salt marsh is marsh
Salt marsh is marsh.
Salt marsh is wetland.
Salt marshes are a source of food for birds and other animals year-round.
Salt marshes are also important habitats, especially as the feeding grounds for seabirds and fishes.
Salt marshes are also seafood nurseries.
Salt marshes are among the most productive ecosystems in the world.
Salt marshes are an integral and important part of both the marine and coastal ecosystems.
Salt marshes are coastal wetlands which are flooded and drained by tides.
Salt marshes are critical nursery areas for fish and invertebrates .
Salt marshes are critical nursery areas for many species of fish, and aquatic invertebrates.
Salt marshes are critical, natural filtration systems for our waterways.
Salt marshes are defined as natural or semi-natural terrestrial halophytic ecosystems.
Salt marshes are dominated by grasses and other marsh plants.
Salt marshes are grassy wetlands at the edges of estuaries.
Salt marshes are green , mangrove swamps are orange .
Salt marshes are green, mangrove swamps are orange.
Salt marshes are highly productive ecosystems.
Salt marshes are important to numerous species who are in the salt marsh only part-time.
Salt marshes are important wetland habitats for many kinds of fish and wildlife.
Salt marshes are large ecosystems alongside oceans.
Salt marshes are quite photosynthetically active and are extremely productive habitats.
Salt marshes are rich and complex natural systems.
Salt marshes are salt tolerant grasslands lying between the high and low tides.
Salt marshes are some of the most productive ecosystems along the coast.
Salt marshes are some of the most productive environments in the world.
Salt marshes are some of the richest ecosystems for biodiversity.
Salt marshes are the second most biologically productive area in the world after rain forests.
Salt marshes are transition zones between the land and the sea.
Salt marshes are valuable for wildlife .
Salt marshes can suffer from dieback in the high marsh and die-off in the low marsh.
Salt marshes exist along the coast, where land and marine waters meet.
Salt marshes have a whole range of functions.
Salt marshes have several functions and adaptations to a life in an intertidal ecosystem.
Salt marshes have three primary production units, all maintaining high productivity.
Salt marshes occur extensively in South Carolina and Georgia.
Salt marshes occur on coastal tidal flats.
Salt marshes occur worldwide, particularly in middle to high latitudes.
Salt marshes perform many functions valuable to human beings.
Salt marshes provide a home for other animals such as birds, small mammals and turtles.
Salt marshes provide critical habitat for fish, birds and other animals.
Salt marshes provide habitat for several decapod species in coastal South Carolina.
Salt marshes provide protected nursery areas for juvenile fishes, shellfish, crabs and shrimp.
Salt marshes provide safe havens for all kinds of juvenile fish.
Salt marshes replace red mangrove forests in areas exposed to frosts.
Salt marshes serve as pollution filters and as buffers against flooding and shoreline erosion.
Salt mills carry a guarantee for five years.
Salt mixture contains elements.
Salt pans are rectangular soil-based basins, protected by mud bunds.
Salt peter is available in many garden supply stores, where it is sold as a fertilizer.
Salt ponds are shallow, estuarine ecosystems that vary a great deal in size, shape, and salinity.
Salt pork is from the pig's belly or sides.
Salt pork is pork
Salt pork seems the one ingredient that no recipe lacks.
Salt prints are the most modern of the three photographic processes.
Salt production is located mainly on the southwestern coast.
Salt production is the primary economic activity.
Salt restriction helps to prevent bone loss in women after the menopause.
Salt retention causes water retention, which leads to edema and water' in the lungs.
Some salt retention leads to hypertension.
Salt River does include power and briny well water, which is wreaking havoc on our plumbing.
Salt River is the right place to do that.
Salt Rock is primarily a grill, and the mainstay is beef, well aged and expertly cooked.
A salt shaker is a shaker
Salt shakers are only the beginning.
Salt solution is run through an ion exchange column in the hydrogen form.
Salt solutions contain mixture.
Most salt solutions contain mixture.
Some salt solutions have differences.
Some salt solutions have potential differences.
Salt spray can drift to plants from nearby roads as the tires of passing cars kick up a salty spray.
Salt spray can injure buds and twigs causing bloom failure in flowering plants and misshapen shrubs.
Salt spray is a minute aerosol formed above heavy surf, generated when bubbles of saltwater break.
Salt spray is also an important consideration.
Salt spray is inversely proportional to dune height.
Salt spray is only a predictor of real world results.
Salt spray is therefore highest at water's edge and decreases dramatically inland.
Salt spray stings the eyes and spices the lips.
Salt Spring Is.
Salt substitutes are also available.
Salt substitutes are exempt from the prescription requirement.
Salt substitutes are permissible and can make food more palatable.
Many salt substitutes contain potassium.
Many salt substitutes have potassium.
Many salt substitutes provide potassium as well - check the label.
Most salt substitutes contain potassium for flavor.
Salt tolerance is directly related to the concentration of chloride ions in the foliage.
Salt tolerance is high.
Salt tolerance is minimal for most species.
Salt tolerance is negligible.
Salt tolerance is only moderate.
Salt water plants grow to height.
Salt water plants have presence.
Salt water aquariums with local sea life.
Salt water can also corrode underwater equipment and cause freshwater organisms to move or die off.
Salt water can move inland in a uniform wedge.
Salt water can short out the command-link wire.
Salt water comes fromthe Gulf of Mexico through Mobile Bay.
Salt water contains sodium and chloride ions.
Salt water corrodes everything it touches.
Salt water destroys all pollution.
Salt water finds in oceans.
Salt water floating is one area of rapid growth and interest.
Salt water freezes at a higher temperature than freshwater.
Salt water freezes at a lower temperature than freshwater.
Salt water freezes at lower temperatures, depending on how much salt is in the water.
Salt water has a high density - so it sinks.
Salt water has a higher density than fresh water.
Salt water has a higher density.
Salt water has a lot higher concentration of salt than brackish water.
Salt water has a lower resistivity than fresh water.
Salt water has conductivity.
Salt water has salt.
Salt water has seven times more salt that the body can safely ingest.
Salt water helps to stimulate blood circulation, which facilitates healing.
Salt water is a killer of camera gear.
Salt water is a little different.
Salt water is a pretty good electrolyte.
Salt water is a problem with everything.
Salt water is also much easier on human skin than chlorine.
Salt water is an electrolyte.
Salt water is an excellent conductor of electricity.
Salt water is an excellent electrolyte.
Salt water is an exception.
Salt water is aqueous solutions.
Salt water is by far the least-reactive and most effective cleaning solution.
Salt water is corrosive.
Salt water is denser than fresh water.
Salt water is different.
Salt water is even easier.
Salt water is extremely harsh on monofilament, much more so than fresh water.
Salt water is filled with salt and other minerals.
Salt water is forced out.
Salt water is good example, so is lemon juice, vinegar, sulfuric acid, and many others.
Salt water is heated by the hot cooling water from the diesel generator sets.
Salt water is heavier than fresh water and exerts a constant pressure on our aquifer.
Salt water is heavier than fresh water.
Salt water is less dense than freshwater.
Salt water is located in oceans.
Salt water is located in sea.
Salt water is more buoyant.
Salt water is more conductive than fresh water.
Salt water is more corrosive and can cause more serious damage.
Salt water is more dense than plain water.
Salt water is much gentler on the skin than a chlorinated pool.
Salt water is pumped from the sea to ensure no loss of flavour during holding time.
Salt water is solutions.
Salt water is terrific for antenna efficiency, but terrible on antennas and equipment.
Salt water is the greatest threat to standard cameras.
Salt water is the worst.
Salt water is to be piped to the top of the tower and sprayed into the hot dry air above it.
Salt water is too expensive and difficult to process for human use.
Salt water is trapped and eventually seeps through the cavity.
Salt water is turned into fresh water through distillation.
Salt water is used for all calculations.
Salt water is used in the mining process, in industry, and in power generation.
Salt water is usually safer.
Salt water is washed away, leaving soil suitable for tree planting and reforestation.
Salt water is water.
Salt water is yet another place that microorganisms have been found.
Salt water limits it.
Salt water makes humans and frogs float very easily.
Salt water needs a lower temperature to freeze than pure water .
Salt water needs a lower temperature to freeze than pure water.
Salt water ought to have tides, and go up and down a great deal, or else it smells.
Salt water promotes healing.
Salt water replaces fresh water habitats.
Salt water seems to make it worse.
Salt water seeps into cracks and meets magma beneath earth's surface.
Salt water takes places.
Salt waters flow in from the Caribbean Sea by way of the Bar River to the east of the Lagoon.
Most salt water finds in oceans.
Most salt water has conductivity.
Most salt water has salt.
Most salt water takes places.
Some salt water contains concentration.
Some salt water poses problems.
Some salt water produces electricity.
Some salt water uses products.
Salt Works replica.
Salt absolutely transforms some of our food.
Salt absorbs liquids and can cause a heavy feeling.
Salt absorbs moisture, so the paper side with the water turns back to black.
Salt absorbs water and increases water retention.
Salt accelerates the development of rancidity and thus decreases freezer life.
Salt activates the first enzyme in the mouth, salivary amylase.
Salt acts against corrupting germs.
Salt acts as a binder in sausages to form a binding gel made up of meat, fat, and moisture.
Salt acts as a preservative and adds flavour and crispness.
Salt acts as a preservative, so it is best to store unsalted butter in the freezer.
Salt acts as a purifier and a preservative.
Salt actually acts as a substitute for the cuttlefish's brain which has been long removed.
Salt actually bonds to the surface and forms a film.
Salt actually has several negative effects on anything it comes in contact with.
Salt adds density to the water so objects float.
Salt adds flavor and also inhibits bacterial growth.
Salt adds flavor and strengthens the dough structure.
Salt adds flavor, and eggs provide richness in addition to strengthening and binding the dough.
Salt adds flavor.
Salt adds taste to life.
Salt adversely affects plants in two ways.
Salt affects kidneys.
Salt affects mineral nutrition.
Salt affects soil quality.
Salt aids the body in fluid and temperature regulation.
Salt aims to invest in linguistically innovative poetry in world English.
Salt allows a beautiful look into the world of finding one's soul mate and falling in love.
Salt alone has very little effect on snow.
Salt also accumulates in basins or playas through rainfall runoff.
Salt also acts as a flavor enhancer and as a tenderizer .
Salt also adds flavor to the meat.
Salt also aids digestion, and helps to retain water.
Salt also brings out the flavor of food.
Salt also brings out the taste.
Salt also contributes to the crust colour and adds flavour.
Salt also corrodes ALL metals eventually.
Salt also creates thirst.
Salt also has calves named Salsa and Tabasco , more spicy seasonings.
Salt also has implications for exobiology.
Salt also helps remove excess detergent from the washer.
Salt also helps to retain flavor.
Salt also increases the palatability of some foods.
Salt also invades plant cells, forcing out water.
Salt also is a preservative.
Salt also is mined from rock salt, the huge deposits beneath the ground.
Salt also is toxic to slugs and direct applications of table salt to a slug can kill it.
Salt also makes the dough a little stronger and tighter.
Salt also makes the food taste better.
Salt also makes the sediment edges bulge.
Salt also plays a role in the ability to produce large quantities of nanoparticles.
Salt also provokes thirst.
Salt also stings greatly when it enters a wound.
Salt also stings when it touches bare flesh.
Salt also stings, and it burns and it irritates.
Salt also strengthens the structure of the dough and adds the necessary flavor to a baked product.
Salt also tends to inhibit bacteria and parasites.
Salt also works on blood stains on cotton clothes.
Salt also works to weather rock.
Salt appears to contribute significantly to cancer.
Salt attracts animals.
Salt balances the action of yeast and in sweet mixtures it helps to develop flavor.
Salt becomes apart of everything that it touches.
Salt becomes effective precisely when it seems to have disappeared.
Salt becomes less prominent, but garlic and onion become stronger.
Salt breaks the chemical bonds holding the clumps together and the pore spaces close.
Salt Bring the broth to a full boil in a soup kettle.
Salt brings a very distinctive flavor to food.
Salt brings out the best.
Salt brings out the flavor of all the other ingredients.
Salt brings out the flavor.
Salt burns foliage, turning it brown.
Salt can accumulate and cause kidney disease in old age.
Salt can also be brittle.
Salt can also come in handy in the laundry room.
Salt can also compound the problem for trees planted near roadways.
Salt can also corrode metal feeders.
Salt can also corrode steel reinforcement embedded in the concrete.
Salt can also deter ants from coming inside.
Salt can also go from sea to land.
Salt can also intensify the effects of drought, and vice versa.
Salt can be an irritant, and light can blind.
Salt can become tasteless because of a process of contamination or infiltration.
Salt can build up in the soil which makes it harder for plant growth.
Salt can cause even greater dehydration to occur.
Salt can cause higher water retention, requiring extra water to dilute it.
Salt can come from two sources.
Salt can contribute to corrosion and can threaten ground water, granted.
Salt can contribute to the painful retention of fluids.
Salt can delay death.
Salt can hurt an animal's paw, so when trying to melt ice, use sand instead.
Salt can improve the flavor, but phosphate can contribute a soapy flavor.
Salt can injure and or kill grass, flowers and other vegetation along campus walkways.
Salt can leave stains on the wood.
Salt can make a mess of any finish if left to dry.
Salt can mask off flavors in salted butter.
Salt can persist at the surface in cold and arid climates.
Salt can preserve and heal, but it cauterises when strewn in an open wound.
Salt can seem very caustic at times but it is a good healer and perservative.
Salt can worsen the symptoms of cardiomyopathy by increasing retention of excess fluid.
Salt can, and has, ruined millions of dollars worth of produce.
Salt causes a person to retain fluid which drives up the blood pressure.
Salt causes corrosion of the sealing materials.
Salt causes excretion of larger amounts of calcium and thus increases calcium in the urine.
Salt causes fluid retention which can increase nervous tension and high blood pressure levels.
Salt causes fluid retention, varying throughout the day with fluctuating intake.
Salt causes gigantic mutations.
Salt causes hypertension.
Salt causes millions of dollars damage to roads and bridges.
Salt causes moistness .
Salt causes no damage to road surfaces and roadside plants are selected to withstand exposure.
Salt causes pipes to clog, water heaters to fail and limits our ability to reuse water supplies.
Salt causes rust and gravel pits the paint.
Salt causes the body to retain fluid, which increases the heart's workload.
Salt causes the body to retain fluids, resulting in swelling.
Salt causes the body to retain or hold on to water.
Salt causes the outright death of plants, and the consequent erosion of topsoil.
Salt causes water retention and increases that marshmallow woman feeling.
Salt causes water retention in the body, and, in turn, higher pressure.
Salt causes water to move out of the plants in a process called exosmosis.
Salt collects on stems, buds and roots, or washes into the soil and destroys root systems.
Salt comes from our groundwater.
Salt comes through the gel column with the starch.
Salt concentrates through evaporation and evapotranspiration.
Salt conducts electricity when placed in water.
Salt consists of sodium and chlorine.
Salt consists of sodium.
Salt contains an anti-caking agent.
Salt contains sodium.
Salt continues to be produced in the traditional way, i.e. through an evaporation process.
Salt contributes a little to safety.
Salt contributes greatly to our knowledge of the ancient highways of commerce.
Salt controls the yeast's activity.
Salt corrodes the tunnel, causing it to rust.
Salt corrodes the underside of cars.
Salt costs money.
Salt covers their skin and their hair is brittle-y from it.
Salt creates thirst.
Salt damages the concrete pillars that carry motorway traffic.
Salt decreases the growth of some bacteria and molds.
Salt develop for an proof if sow patriots jacket.
Salt dissolved in water increases the density of water.
Salt dissolves in ocean water.
Salt dissolves in salt water.
Salt dissolves in water.
Salt does have other limited uses.
Salt does kill slugs and snails but repeated use can make the soil toxic to plants.
Salt does more than bring out the flavor of foods.
Salt does nothing to salt, but it can do something for meat or beans.
Salt does that.
Salt does, indeed, rise because it is less viscous than surrounding rock.
Salt domes contain anhydrite , gypsum , and native sulfur , in addition to halite and sylvite .
Salt draws moisture from herbs and at the same time absorbs some of their essential oils.
Salt draws off nutritious, natural juices.
Salt draws out moisture and inhibits browning.
Salt draws out moisture.
Salt draws out the cabbage juice so cabbage can ferment.
Salt draws out the cabbage juice, which contains sugar.
Salt draws out the old dead blood, and unclean parts of the shrimp and leaves it clean.
Salt draws the aluminum out of the raw material but also deteriorates concrete.
Salt draws water out of bacteria and molds , which prevents their growth.
Salt easily removes stains from skin.
Salt eats and draws poison out.
Salt Enhances the flavor of food, especially meat.
Salt enhances the natural flavors in most dishes, even pies and cakes.
Salt enters the roots and accumulates throughout the tree.
Salt even arrives on earth from outer space .
Salt even arrives on earth from outer space.
Salt finds in seawater.
Salt flavors food.
Salt flows into the ocean from the land.
Salt forestalls putrefaction and brings out hidden flavour.
Salt forms a significant percentage by weight of the product.
Salt forms crystals that are almost perfect cubes.
Salt forms layers.
Salt forms protective layers.
Salt gets into the sea from rivers and groundwater.
Salt gives taste to food.
Salt glow An exfoliating treatment using a mixture of oil and coarse salt rubbed into dampened skin.
Salt hardens the arterial wall.
Salt hardens the arteries and if taken in excess can cause hypertension, which leads to strokes.
Salt has a daughter and a son.
Salt has a dispersing effect on clumps of bacteria.
Salt has a lesser stabilizing effect.
Salt has a proportion, and in the proportion it is needed, absolutely needed.
Salt has a retarding effect on yeast and a toughening effect on gluten.
Salt has a tendency to dry the meat out and remove moisture.
Salt has a very high sound velocity, which further complicates accurate processing of the data.
Salt has at least three unique qualities.
Salt has healing properties.
Salt has iodine.
Salt has many regulatory functions in the body.
Salt has natural qualities to absorb negativity.
Salt has no intrinsic nutritional value.
Salt has no intrinsic value.
Salt has no substitute.
Salt has properties.
Salt has quite a history.
Salt has salt.
Salt has the power of life like the immortal and eternal truth.
Salt has to be shaken out and spread around to be of any use.
Salt helps conduct electricity better through water.
Salt helps dehydration.
Salt helps destroy moths and drives away ants.
Salt helps fatal dehydration.
Salt helps restore faded colors, and to remove dirt and grime.
Salt helps slow bacterial growth.
Salt helps strengthen the gluten in the flour.
Salt helps the body hold on to water.
Salt helps to aid digestion.
Salt helps to improve the life of the cheese, no to mention the flavor.
Salt helps to keep nerves and muscles functioning properly.
Salt hinders the spread of corruption.
Salt improve unto some telephone if check keenen ivory wayans movie.
Salt improves the taste of cooking apples.
Salt includes compassion and humility.
Salt increases marinade pick-up by increasing the space between the thick and thin filaments.
Salt increases the buoyancy of the ice cube.
Salt increases the flow of saliva also.
Salt increases the rate at which rancidity develops in meat.
Salt increases the solubility of muscle proteins in water.
Salt increases water retention.
Salt inhibits the ability of liver cells to change hydrogen peroxide into water and oxygen.
Salt inhibits the softening of the seed coat of beans.
Salt inhibits yeast fermentation, improves texture, has a slight toughening effect, and adds flavor.
Salt interferes with absorption.
Salt is . . .
Salt is a combination of sodium and chloride.
Salt is a common commodity today and it is relatively in expensive.
Salt is a commonly occuring mineral, the technical name of which is sodium chloride.
Salt is a compound that is made of the elements sodium and chlorine.
Salt is a compound
Salt is a desiccant - it helps remove water from things, including human bodies.
Salt is a desiccant-it helps remove water from things, including human bodies.
Salt is a flavor crystal.
Salt is a general magical protectant in almost every culture around the world.
Salt is a good example.
Salt is a good stimulant.
Salt is a hard habit to shake off.
Salt is a hydrophilic substance because it dissolves easily in water.
Salt is a key ingredient in many yeasted breads, as it performs several important functions.
Salt is a killer on anything mechanic.
Salt is a major factor in our lives.
Salt is a major problem with Hawaii soils.
Salt is a major product of the southeast coast, and the offshore waters are ideal fishing grounds.
Salt is a mineral that is found in soil and rocks, too.
Salt is a mineral that is found naturally in the earth.
Salt is a mineral, so it can be stored indefinitely without going stale.
Salt is a minor element in food, but it flavours all of it.
Salt is a moving, intelligent and great book.
Salt is a natural exfoliant which eliminates impurities in the skin, leaving it clean and radiant.
Salt is a natural exfoliant which eliminates impurities in the skin, leaving it glowing and clean.
Salt is a natural water softener and is helpful in drawing impurities out of the skin.
Salt is a necessary and accepted part of the winter environment.
Salt is a necessary part of life.
Salt is a necessary seasoning that makes life on earth possible.
Salt is a part of our lives.
Salt is a powerful and useful seasoning.
Salt is a preservative and imparts taste to food.
Salt is a preservative that slows down the decay process of food and other natural materials.
Salt is a preservative.
Salt is a preserving substance.
Salt is a purifying agent.
Salt is a silly season to add to sauerkraut.
Salt is a solid at room temperature, and water is a liquid.
Salt is a spectacular souvenir and it is extremely tasty.
Salt is a stable chemical compound.
Salt is a strong natural antihistamine.
Salt is a sweet guy.
Salt is a symbol of lifelessness.
Salt is a symbol of that which preserves from decay.
Salt is a universal cleanser that absorbs impurities.
Salt is a very easy thing to elemiate.
Salt is a vital nutrient.
Salt is a vital substance for the survival of all living creatures, particularly humans.
Salt is a vitally needed element in the treatment of diabetics.
Salt is a water loving chemical.
Salt is about thirty kilometers northwest of Amman.
Salt is absolutely vital to making the structure of bones firm.
Salt is abundant on and deep within the earth.
Salt is added during the manufacture of all cheeses as a preservative and flavouring.
Salt is added during the processing and manufacturing of food products in the form of sodium.
Salt is added for flavor and to inhibit the growth of undesirable microbes.
Salt is added for flavor, and the amount depends on the manufacturer.
Salt is added inside the body, to dry it further, and then the corpse is covered with sawdust.
Salt is added periodically to recharge the system.
Salt is added to butter for some flavor but mostly as a preservative.
Salt is added to enhance flavor and preserve quality.
Salt is added to make the eggs easier to handle and mix.
Salt is added to many foods as a meat preservative.
Salt is added to processed foods to aid preservation and to improve taste.
Salt is added to promote color development in bacon, ham and other processed meat products.
Salt is added to the crock representing the necessities of life.
Salt is added to the depleted brine leaving the electrolytic cell and the brine is recirculated.
Salt is added to the ice.
Salt is added to the marinade solution primarily to help flavor the product.
Salt is added to water by rivers dissolving rocks and carrying it to the ocean.
Salt is added, and the mixture tasted briefly.
Salt is added, and the soap then forms a light curd that floats to the surface.
Salt is added.
Salt is also a cause of osteoporosis and a minor cause of some cancers.
Salt is also a chemical compound.
Salt is also a much cheaper product to use as the primary seasoning ingredient.
Salt is also a preservative.
Salt is also a very important element in animals' diets.
Salt is also a widely used preservative.
Salt is also an article of great historical and ethnological importance.
Salt is also an important export.
Salt is also an ingredient in many manufactured foodstuffs.
Salt is also effective in treating injuries or infections to the slime coat of our pond fish.
Salt is also important in their diet.
Salt is also injurious to many plants growing along roadsides and driveways.
Salt is also of vital nutritional importance.
Salt is also prepared and used as an export commodity.
Salt is an abiotic factor found in some environments.
Salt is an amazing substance.
Salt is an amazing thing.
Salt is an antiseptic and disinfectant.
Salt is an element that is difficult to remove.
Salt is an element that is difficult, at the very least, to remove.
Salt is an enemy.
Salt is an excellent cleaning agent, by itself or in combination with other substances.
Salt is an important curing ingredient.
Salt is an important local industry.
Salt is an indispensable necessity of life.
Salt is an inexpensive, bulk commodity.
Salt is an insulator.
Salt is an integral part of our diet.
Salt is an issue which has to be faced.
Salt is an old story.
Salt is an option.
Salt is an optional ingredient to their potato chip book.
Salt is another common household product that produces texture.
Salt is another essential ingredient in quality bread production.It has several functions.
Salt is another health concern.
Salt is another problem.
Salt is applied to the fish during the dry-cure portion of the process.
Salt is bad and the phony salt is worse.
Salt is bad.
Salt is barely detectable north of the Hudson Highlands.
Salt is both a seasoning and a preservative.
Salt is both a sharp tasting spice and a vital ingredient for life.
Salt is brought over the land from the fine aerosol spray thrown up from the oceans.
Salt is categorized as four types, based on the method of production.
Salt is cheap and an added benefit of recharging tank is a reduction in bluing.
Salt is chosen instead of sand because salt creates a lot less mess.
Salt is collected on the margins of the chotts.
Salt is composed of two poisonous elements.
Salt is compounds.
Salt is considered to be a hallowing substance that purifies, repels evil, and attracts wealth.
Salt is corrosive to metal type creep feeders.
Salt is crucial for both taste and texture.
Salt is crucial to survival in outdoor conditions in Antarctica.
Salt is crystal.
Salt is cut in half.
Salt is dangerous for people with hypertension.
Salt is death.
Salt is deposited onto the cooling channel surfaces.
Salt is different from that which it salts.
Salt is difficult to obtain.
Salt is dissolved into a brine solution.
Salt is dissolved with water to form a concentrated brine solution.
Salt is distributed over the top, and left to be absorved.
Salt is dried along the coasts, as the Black Sea is a salt water body.
Salt is easier to control from a water quality perspective.
Salt is effective in treating skin disease and is used in some soaps.
Salt is especially effective against fungal infections and some parasitic problems such as ich.
Salt is essential and the elephant shows a distinct liking for it.
Salt is essential for life in general , and saltiness is one of the basic human tastes .
Salt is essential for life, and salt is used to purify and to preserve.
Salt is essential for life.
Salt is essential for many body functions.
Salt is essential for normal body maintenance.
Salt is essential for the prevention of muscle cramps.
Salt is essential in relationship to the desired life of the bread.
Salt is essential to our well being.
Salt is essential to the health of both people and animals.
Salt is essential to the human body.
Salt is essential, both for bringing out the flavors of foods and for bringing flavors into balance.
Salt is essential.
Salt is excreted through special glands, but Spartina has another defense from salt damage.
Salt is expensive to separate from drinking water.
Salt is extracted and there are unexploited gypsum deposits.
Salt is extremely important in food processing and cooking.
Salt is far from the sea's only problem.
Salt is fascinating stuff.
Salt is figured only if a recipe calls for a specific amount.
Salt is finer.
Salt is for cleansing.
Salt is for seasoning.
Salt is for shiokagen, the act of seasoning food to bring out the flavor.
Salt is found in considerable quantities in the deep underground.
Salt is found in the region and is collected and sold to neighbors to generate income.
Salt is found in underground deposits and seawater more commonly called saltwater.
Salt is free of charge.
Salt is good for seasoning.
Salt is good.
Salt is heavier than water, so it sinks to the bottom.
Salt is here, use it in moderation.
Salt is high in ions and conducts electricity.
Salt is highly antiseptic and draws out toxins while exfoliating.
Salt is important in many ways.
Salt is in the makeup of almost all foods, with incredibly high percentages in processed foods.
Salt is indispensable.
Salt is inorganic, a mineral, and also crystalizes.
Salt is iodized by adding the chemical potassium iodate to it.
Salt is iodized using potassium or sodium iodide.
Salt is known as the universal and most widely used food supplement and condiment.
Salt is less dense than rock and tends to mushroom upward forming salt domes.
Salt is less effective for de-icing when temperatures plunge below minus five degrees.
Salt is located in cabinets.
Salt is located in cupboards.
Salt is located in food.
Salt is located in homes.
Salt is located in mines.
Salt is located in ocean water.
Salt is located in oceans.
Salt is located in salt water.
Salt is located in sea water.
Salt is located in shakers.
Salt is located in shelfs.
Salt is located in streets.
Salt is located in tables.
Salt is located in thes.
Salt is located in water.
Salt is made of crystal.
Salt is made of ions.
Salt is made of sodium and chloride, and it's mostly the sodium that affects blood pressure.
Salt is made of sodium chloride.
Salt is made of two different atoms.
Salt is made up of many sodium and chlorine ions stacked together in a lattice.
Salt is made up of sodium and chloride.
Salt is made up of the elements sodium and chloride.
Salt is made up of two chemicals, sodium and chloride.
Salt is made up of two different kinds of atoms-sodium atoms and chloride atoms.
Salt is major enemy of electrical contacts. .
Salt is mentioned many times in the Bible as a seasoning and staple ingredient.
Salt is mined around Lake Chad, where most people live.
Salt is mined in differnet ways depending on where it is found or even made.
Salt is mined in Gulf Coast mines of Louisiana by drilling and blasting.
Salt is minerals.
Salt is mixed into the chiles.
Salt is mixed with sand to prevent freezing and clumping.
Salt is more viscous than ice by about three orders of magnitude.
Salt is most useful when it has been poured out of the shaker.
Salt is natural, but some healthy people avoid salt like the plague.
Salt is necessary for people and animals to have in their diets.
Salt is necessary for the biological processes of many aquatic organisms.
Salt is needed by the horse at all times and especially when shedding.
Salt is never peppery nor pepper ever salty.
Salt is no exception.
Salt is no longer simply a seasoning but a trendy new condiment.
Salt is non-toxic and harmless to skin and clothing.
Salt is obtained from the lakes in the north and in some places the vine is cultivated.
Salt is of course very important in a dough.
Salt is one of several factors determining the kind and abundance of plant life.
Salt is one of the bugaboos of our eating habits, too.
Salt is one of the most commonly used drugs in aquaculture.
Salt is one of the world s most widely used inorganic chemicals.
Salt is one of Western Australia's number one environmental problem.
Salt is only affective to prevent rotting if it is applied to that which it is to preserve.
Salt is optional.
Salt is part of a healthy diet .
Salt is perhaps the single most important chemical for reducing transport stress in fish.
Salt is plastic-like, flexing in all three dimensions under enough pressure.
Salt is poured into the tube.
Salt is precious.
Salt is present in processed foods and is added in cooking and at the table.
Salt is present in vast quantities in seawater , where it is the main mineral constituent.
Salt is produced by the evaporation of sea water.
Salt is produced from nearby salines.
Salt is produced in most of the countries on the earth.
Salt is produced to meet established standards, verified by standard tests .
Salt is pumped out of the cell.
Salt is pure.
Salt is put in the first boil, the tea in the second.
Salt is put over the remains so that it dissolves completely and the hole is then covered with sand.
Salt is really most Effective, when the concentration of salt changes.
Salt is recommended because it has so many benefits over other medicants.
Salt is removed by frequent sneezing, explaining the often salt-encrusted heads.
Salt is removed from the ice as it forms, increasing the density of the underlying water.
Salt is required as part of sound nutritional program for equines of all ages and use.
Salt is required to regulate body fluid levels.
Salt is retained, which causes the body to hold fluid.
Salt is safe for all fish.
Salt is salt, or it is less than dung fit only to be thrown out .
Salt is salt.
Salt is salty, and a rose's nature is to be fragrant.
Salt is salty.
Salt is seasons.
Salt is separated out by water washing.
Salt is short and stubby.
Salt is so abundant that it is used for building blocks and for road pavement.
Salt is so dense that one can float without sinking.
Salt is so good and so bad at the same time.
Salt is so hostile to most life forms that people have used it for centuries as a preservative.
Salt is so important for bringing out the flavors in the ingredients already discussed.
Salt is sodium chloride.
Salt is sodium chloride.
Salt is sold exactly as it was centuries ago.
Salt is soluble in water.
Salt is soluble.
Salt is something that is a developed taste.
Salt is spices.
Salt is spread down the middle of the street and at intersections.
Salt is spread when accumulations are under two inches.
Salt is sprinkled and the taste is evidently improved.
Salt is sprinkled on top, and a second skin is placed on top of the first.
Salt is still a prevalent ingredient in our diets.
Salt is suitable for vegetarian and other special diets as well.
Salt is symbolic of covenant relationship.
Salt is table grind.
Salt is taste.
Salt is tasted with the tongue, and can overwhelm the tastebuds that perceive sourness, or acidity.
Salt is that which keeps society from becoming rotten.
Salt is the best disinfectant known, and the least harmful of all known to mankind.
Salt is the body or container of form, which holds the other principles together.
Salt is the decisive factor together with lactose.
Salt is the grand purifier and preserver.
Salt is the important necessary to live for human being.
Salt is the key in the diet.
Salt is the key.
Salt is the leading cause of dehydration for most marathoners.
Salt is the main source of sodium in foods.
Salt is the most common seasoning and curing agent found in home sausage making.
Salt is the most common source of sodium in the diet.
Salt is the most effective, readily available, and economical highway deicer in use today.
Salt is the most familiar source of sodium.
Salt is the most important seasoning.
Salt is the most obvious difference between the water that comes out of our tap at home and the sea.
Salt is the most plentiful and most inexpensive deicer that is both efficient and safe.
Salt is the only commercially exploitable mineral.
Salt is the only rock directly consumed by man.
Salt is the only rock humans can eat.
Salt is the only type of rock that has a permeability so low that it can hold the tiny helium atoms.
Salt is the primary curing agent, but sugar is added to offset some of the harshness of the salt.
Salt is the primary source of dietary sodium.
Salt is the product of an alliance between fire from the sun and ocean water.
Salt is the recommended method.
Salt is the signification that it is made barren.
Salt is the town's reason for being.
Salt is the way it is because that is what it is.
Salt is the world's oldest known food additive .
Salt is there for the sake of the whole.
Salt is to be salty, plain and simple.
Salt is to prevent massive loss of feathers.
Salt is totally different from meat and bones.
Salt is transparent to infrared light.
Salt is ubiquitous.
Salt is universally and regularly consumed.
Salt is unnecessary and is a detriment to proper operation.
Salt is urged to enter.
Salt is used as a deicer because it lowers the freezing point of water.
Salt is used as a natural preservative in soy cheeses.
Salt is used as a seasoning and a preservative, plus it functions to bind a product together.
Salt is used as the connection between the worlds of the living and the dead.
Salt is used as the principal deicer because it is the most available and cost-effective deicer.
Salt is used both as a seasoning and as a preservative.
Salt is used both in dry cure as well as brining.
Salt is used for food.
Salt is used for resin regeneration in the water softening unit of the dishwasher.
Salt is used for seasoning.
Salt is used for seasons.
Salt is used for survival.
Salt is used in a manufacture of a large number of chemicals.
Salt is used in abundance and overrides the flavors of the mushrooms and the soup base.
Salt is used in canning and in frozen foods to enhance taste, color, and as a preservative.
Salt is used in canning only for flavor or color protection.
Salt is used in making covenants - friendship .
Salt is used in the winter time to melt ice.
Salt is used in washing cloth as a stain remover.
Salt is used on many foods and can add up quickly.
Salt is used on the snow route system to rapidly provide wet roads.
Salt is used primarily for stock feeds, recharging water softeners, and road de-icing.
Salt is used to banish evil.
Salt is used to control the amount of water in the body.
Salt is used to denote permanence, preservation from corruption.
Salt is used to keep snow and ice from bonding to the pavement and to allow snowplows to remove.
Salt is used to keep wintry roads free of ice.
Salt is used to limit consumption of supplemental phosphorus.
Salt is used to lower the temperature and increase the rate of ice melting.
Salt is used to manufacture chlorine and caustic soda.
Salt is used to melt ice on road surfaces.
Salt is used to melt the snow or ice.
Salt is used to prevent meat from spoiling.
Salt is used to prevent the snow or freezing rain from freezing directly to the pavement.
Salt is used to purify water.
Salt is used to recharge the resin beads once they are saturated with magnesium and calcium.
Salt is used to relieve stress associated with maintaining a water balance in the fish.
Salt is used to relieve stress during handling and transport.
Salt is used to season foods and is the primary source of sodium in our diet.
Salt is used to the ancient rites to exorcise the devil.
Salt is used to treat bacterial gill infections and relieve stress during handling and transport.
Salt is useful in treating parasites.
Salt is usually at hand.
Salt is very corrosive but used in moderation can be an effective cleaner.
Salt is very dear, and sometimes even unobtainable.
Salt is very important for the camel.
Salt is very scarce in Tennessee and can scarcely be had for any amount of money.
Salt is very unique.
Salt is vital for absorption of food particles through the intestinal tract.
Salt is vital for clearing up catarrh and congestion of the sinuses.
Salt is vital for maintaining sexuality and libido.
Salt is vital for preventing varicose veins and spider veins on the legs and thighs.
Salt is vital for reducing a double chin.
Salt is vital for sleep regulation.
Salt is vital for the generation of hydroelectric energy in cells in the body.
Salt is vital for the prevention of gout and gouty arthritis.
Salt is vital to life.
Salt is what makes a brine work, and it is the means for koshering chicken.
Salt is white coloreds.
Salt is white with hand painted gold raised design which is beautiful.
Salt is, today, the largest mineral feedstock consumed by the world chemical industry.
Salt isa compound.
Salt keeps the muffins from tasting flat.
Salt keeps wintry roads free of ice.
Salt kills germs and helps wounds heal.
Salt kills leeches.
Salt kills mold, too.
Salt kills plants, and they are growing plants here.
Salt kills plants.
Salt kills slugs.
Salt kills weeds.
Salt kills yeast.
Salt lessens the Number of Pathogens in the water.
Salt Let water, vinegar and salt come to a boil.
Salt looks like rough sand to the unaided eye.
Salt lowers the freezing point more d.
Salt lowers the freezing point of ice, causing the ice to melt.
Salt lowers the freezing point of water.
Salt lowers the freezing temperature of water by a few degrees.
Salt lowers water potential.
Salt makes anything taste better.
Salt makes blood vessels leaky and causes water retention.
Salt makes even the humblest meal more enjoyable and tasty.
Salt makes everything taste better around it.
Salt makes for a tougher skin, and it takes tough skin to handle urban ministry.
Salt makes for happy kidneys.
Salt makes ice melt, and the string can sink into the ice cube a little.
Salt makes the meat tasty.
Salt makes the white colors.
Salt makes water denser, so the less-dense fresh water flows on top of the denser sea water.
Salt marshes .
Salt marshes along U.S. coasts fall in that category.
Salt marshes evolve over time from young marshes to old marshes.
Salt marshes exhibit characteristics of both terrestrial and marine ecosystems.
Salt marshes fringe or grow around the edge of much of the pond.
Salt marshes iii.
Salt mays have additional benefits.
Salt mays have benefits.
Salt means any inorganic compound dissolved in water.
Salt means filthy cars.
Salt melts an ice balloon and the resulting water carves meandering channels.
Salt mixes with water.
Salt needs a little more time to develop the meat's flavor.
Salt needs moisture to provide melting action.
Salt needs the movement of traffic to make it effective.
Salt occurs in beds and in dome-like deposits.
Salt offers a fresh look at contemporary youth culture from within.
Salt only walks, streets and parking lots.
Salt plays an important role in the formation of the cheeses rind or outer coating.
Salt Pocked -Rock salt is pressed into the surface after finishing.
Salt preserves food from putrefaction and was a symbol of permanence.
Salt preserves things, like meat.
Salt prevents corruption.
Salt prevents putrefaction.
Salt produces a cubic crystal.
Salt produces and promotes the development of color in meats and baked goods.
Salt promotes the development of color in ham, bacon, hotdogs and sauerkraut.
Salt provides extra traction until the floor can be cleaned more thoroughly.
Salt purifies the wound that light reveals and reproves.
Salt Put all the ingredients in a bowl and mush it all together.
Salt Put the cranberries and onion in a food processor fitted with the metal blade.
Salt raises blood pressure increasing the risk of arterial spasms.
Salt readily absorbs moisture, tying it up in the soil and extracting it from plant roots.
Salt readily dissolves in water.
Salt regulates the exchange of water between our cells and their surrounding fluids.
Salt regulates the water in our cells, it aids muscle contraction, nerve impulses, and heartbeats.
Salt relieves hypertension.
Salt remains as residue in the conical flask, once the whole water gets evaporated.
Salt removes moisture and helps cure the alligator skin.
Salt replaces salt loss through sweating.
Salt represents harmony.
Salt represents stability between opposing forces as in fire and water.
Salt restrains maturation in subsalt play.
Salt restrains maturation in subsalt plays.
Salt restricts bacterial growth.
Salt seems to be an irritant which increases the fish's slime response.
Salt seems to be essential.
Salt serves many purposes .
Salt sets the flavor in food.
Salt sets the limits of our existence.
Salt slices lightly on both sides.
Salt slices to remove bitterness.
Salt stalks down the meat and pepper pounces upon it.
Salt standing alone and tucked away in a cabinet does nothing.
Salt sterilizes the ground so that nothing grows.
Salt stirs up thirst.
Salt stops evil, but falls short of providing a model for transforming evil into good.
Salt stops that process.
Salt stored inside is easier to load and spread.
Salt streaks the car and a mule deer waits for the lights to stop blinding.
Salt strengthens gluten by slowing down the enzymes which catalyze the breakdown of proteins.
Salt strengthens gluten in bread dough, providing uniform grain, texture and dough strength.
Salt substitutes Potassium chloride salt substitutes are one way that sodium intake can be reduced.
Salt swear aside few intimate apparell.
Salt takes three days to start to develop, and can keep growing for about a week.
Salt takes up space so less oxygen.
Salt tends to retain body fluids and adds to any weight problem.
Salt therefore is good.
Salt thus represents immutability.
Salt Use a mixture of butter and lard for the shortening.
Salt used for de-icing roads and sidewalks is the most likely culprit.
Salt used in cooking is limited.
Salt used in snow road maintenance can result in spalling and cracking .
Salt uses for preparation.
Salt works as a prooxidant for heme pigment oxidation and thereby also influences the color.
Salt works well to clean metal barbecue grills.
Salts accumulate in the plant root zone as soil water is depleted by evapotranspiration.
Salts accumulate in the soil when they are added faster than they can be removed.
Salts accumulating in the root zone make it harder for a plant to absorb the water it needs.
Salts affect plants both directly and indirectly.
Salts also interfere with water uptake in the plants.
Salts also place a strain on the kidneys.
Salts also serve that function.
Salts are a form taken by many minerals.
Salts are also likely to create a foggy cloud to the overall image.
Salts are among the most important chemical compounds.
Salts are among the most important chemicals.
Salts are colourless, tasteless and easily dissolved in water.
Salts are combinations of ions.
Salts are common solutes and water is by far the most common solvent.
Salts are compounds formed when an acid and a base react.
Salts are compounds that result when the hydrogen of an acid is replaced by a metallic element.
Salts are comprised of positive ions and negative ions.
Salts are important maintaining fluid balance.
Salts are ionic compounds that often dissolve readily in water.
Salts are known in the three oxidation states.
Salts are lost from the body in perspiration, feces, and urine.
Salts are made up of particles with opposite electrical charges.
Salts are notoriously bad candidates for the melt-recrystallization process.
Salts are nutrients and evidence of liquid water.
Salts are precipitated within the soil.
Salts are product of chemical weathering in adjacent highlands.
Salts are stable compounds held together by ionic bonds .
Salts are stable compounds that, when dissolved in water, can be absorbed by plants.
Salts are the result of combing an acid with a base.
Salts are useful if drinks are thrown off rapidly.
Salts are usually crystalline solids that consist of positive metal ions and negative nonmetal ions.
Salts are usually handy and good.
Salts are usually ionic solids.
Salts break down into ions when they go into solution.
Salts build up usually in soils in dry areas that have been irrigated excessively.
Salts can adversely affect plants in several ways.
Salts can also accumulate around the rims of both clay and plastic containers.
Salts can also precipitate out of soil water onto soil particles.
Salts can be a problem in some manures.
Salts can damage, even kill, plants.
Salts can inhibit plant growth and depress yields.
Salts containing the sulfite ion are called sulfites .
Salts containing the sulfite ion are called sulfites.
Salts dissolve into positively charged ions and negatively charged ions, which conduct electricity.
Salts dissolve releasing an aroma.
Salts furnish raw material for food synthesis.
Salts have also an influence on the products formed in a reaction.
Salts have relatively little effect in practical food applications.
Salts influence ionic activities, and therefore, reduce pH values.
Salts modify the properties of water by reducing an ion's activity in solution.
Salts occur in natural well water and spring water as well as saliva.
Salts occur naturally as rock weathers and forms soil.
Salts occur naturally in the soil and are carried by water.
Salts only move from one place to another.
Salts prevent roots from absorbing water and thus increase the wilting point.
Salts produce positive ions and negative ions when dissolved in water.
Salts tend to attract water both from the concrete and through the coating.
Salts tend to leave the water in the aquarium and accumulate on the cover glass.
Salt always has a small amount of movement to it.
Salt frequently cakes around the nostrils.
All salt can cause damage to things.
All salt comes from the sea in some way.
All salt has the potential of containing minute amounts of organisms.
All salts are good conductors when in solution.
All salts are ionic compounds.
All salts come from a sea, but are processed in different ways.
All salts dissociate completely in aqueous solution.
Any salt is fine, unionised is just cheaper.
Many salts are quite stable in the crystalline state.
Many salts are sparingly soluble in water.
More salt blown up from the sea increases the conductivity of ice laid down in that layer.
More salt makes beans more digestible.
Most salt attracts animals.
Most salt consumed is from high-salt cured and processed foods rather than from a salt shaker.
Most salt contains sodium.
Most salt finds in seawater.
Most salt has iodine in it, in the form of iodide or iodate.
Most salt has iodine.
Most salt has properties.
Most salt has salt.
Most salt helps dehydration.
Most salt helps fatal dehydration.
Most salt is lost through urine and perspiration.
Most salt is used to remove ice from roadways and to make many chemicals.
Most salts appear white because they reflect and scatter light.
Most salts are ionic.
Most salts are read- ily soluble in water.
Most salts are the result of a reaction between a metal and one or more nonmetals.
Most salts can easily break through the passive film that allows corrosive attacks to occur.
Most salts containing the alkali metal ions and the ammonium ion are soluble.
Some salt adds to food.
Some salt causes blood pressure.
Some salt causes damage.
Some salt causes imbalances.
Some salt causes injuries.
Some salt causes micronutrient imbalances.
Some salt causes pressure.
Some salt comes from evaporation ponds.
Some salt comes from food.
Some salt comes from ponds.
Some salt conducts electricity.
Some salt conducts negative charge.
Some salt contains elements.
Some salt contains iodine.
Some salt contains minerals.
Some salt contains nutrients.
Some salt contains trace minerals.
Some salt creates friction.
Some salt decreases absorption.
Some salt derives from chlorophyll.
Some salt encourages consumption.
Some salt encourages water consumption.
Some salt has characters.
Some salt has covalent characters.
Some salt has effects.
Some salt has functions.
Some salt has hydrogen.
Some salt has important functions.
Some salt has important regulatory functions.
Some salt has more covalent characters.
Some salt has powder.
Some salt has regulatory functions.
Some salt has same effects.
Some salt has tendencies.
Some salt has truffle powder.
Some salt helps carbohydrates.
Some salt increases blood pressure.
Some salt increases excretion.
Some salt increases pressure.
Some salt is added to mayonnaise as a flavor enhancer.
Some salt is excreted by kidneys.
Some salt is formed by acid.
Some salt is needed for meat to taste right.
Some salt is required daily.
Some salt is synthesized in livers.
Some salt kills bacteria.
Some salt leads to death.
Some salt looks like lye.
Some salt lowers blood pressure.
Some salt needs from diets.
Some salt neutralizes acid.
Some salt neutralizes excess acid.
Some salt passes through cell layers.
Some salt passes through layers.
Some salt poses danger.
Some salt promotes retention.
Some salt provides natural resources.
Some salt provides numerous resources.
Some salt provides resources.
Some salt provides valuable resources.
Some salt raises blood pressure.
Some salt raises pressure.
Some salt remains in dishes.
Some salt retains moisture.
Some salt retains properties.
Some salt uses in dentistry.
Some salts are better choices than others since their dissolving is endothermic.
Some salts are colored, some are white.
Some salts are insoluble.
Some salts are toxic to the plant when they are in excess amounts.
Some salts can be toxic to root tissue.
Some salts contain insoluble additives such as calcium carbonate to enhance the flow of the salt.
Some salts pass through the gut without being absorbed.
Some salts when added to water make the solution acidic or basic.
Saltation is a process where the sand grains bounce as they are transported by wind.
Saltation is an important mode of transport for sandy and gravelly systems.
Saltation is downwind movement of particles in a series of jumps or skips.
Saltation is how sand particles move.
Saltation is mutation.
Saltation is natural processes.
Saltation is recreation
Saltation is the bouncing of particles along the soil surface.
Saltation isa process.
Saltation means leaping or dancing.
Saltation moves small particles in the direction of the wind in a series of short hops or skips.
Saltational change seems to occur in some lineages, gradual change in others.
Saltatory conduction is metabolically more efficient than electrotonic conduction.
Saltatory conduction occurs in myelinated cells.
Salted blubber is eaten sliced.
Salted fish is exported to Portugal, Spain, Italy, France and Greece, as well as South America.
Salted lakes fom there are very good for different treatments.
Salted pork is one of the basic French dishes which is known throughout the country.
Salted rim is optional.
Salted roads can be especially hazardous.
Salted salmon is one of the most popular and delicious seafood specialties in Finland.
Salted salmon is, however, fish.
Salted sardines are a part of the fishing tradition.
Salted water has a higher boiling point, so it'll take longer to boil.
A salter is a merchant
Salter hits all the points.
Saltese soils are in basins, potholes, river valleys, and around perimeters of lakes.
Saltese soils are organic soils.
Salties outcompete and kill freshies in most circumstances where their ranges overlap.
Saltillo tile is made of natural clay.
Saltillo tiles impart a rustic look that no other material can match.
Saltillo tiles run throughout the liveing and dinning and kitchen area.
Saltine crackers are a staple in the cupboards of all of our panelists.
Saltine crackers are great fun.
A saltine is a cracker
Saltines are best, of course, when pounded almost to dust.
Saltines are crackers.
Saltines are located in dinner.
Saltines are the best snack after drinking alcohol.
Saltines are white.
Saltines does sound spooky for a Mexican place.
Saltiness encourages rancidity.
Saltiness is another characteristic of Filipino cuisine.
Saltiness is style
Saltiness isa taste.
Salting improves the flavor, texture, and appearance of cheese.
Salting plays an important role in rind formation.
Saltings is seasoning.
Saltmarsh caterpillars are general feeders, eating leaves of weeds and grasses.
A saltpan is a basin
Saltpans are one of the most threatened wetlands in the Mediterranean.
Saltwater aquariums are for more advanced fish keepers.
Saltwater aquariums are more difficult to maintain than freshwater.
Saltwater aquariums are very time-consuming and expensive to maintain.
Saltwater crocodiles are common around river systems and water holes in the Northern Territory.
Saltwater crocodiles are now a protected species in Australia .
Saltwater crocodiles are now a protected species in Australia.
Saltwater crocodiles are one of the most infamous inhabitants of mangrove areas.
Saltwater crocodiles are reptiles.
Saltwater crocodiles are the largest crocodiles on the planet, and the largest reptile in the world.
Saltwater crocodiles are the largest crocodilians on Earth.
Saltwater crocodiles are the largest extant terrestrial and riparian predators in the world.
Saltwater crocodiles are the largest living reptile.
Saltwater crocodiles are very territorial.
Saltwater crocodiles attack prey.
Saltwater crocodiles bring down prey.
Saltwater crocodiles build a mound of dirt and plants to place their eggs in.
Saltwater crocodiles can bring down prey equal to or more than their own body weight.
Saltwater crocodiles can go a long time without eating .
Saltwater crocodiles can go a long time without eating.
Saltwater crocodiles check their watches and their smiles.
Saltwater crocodiles feed on fish.
Saltwater crocodiles gape their mouths in order to cool down in hot weather.
Saltwater crocodiles go through numerous physiological changes as they mature.
Saltwater crocodiles have a broad, powerful-looking snout, with an uneven jawline.
Saltwater crocodiles have heavy jaws.
Saltwater crocodiles have jaws.
Saltwater crocodiles have prey.
Saltwater crocodiles have skin.
Saltwater crocodiles have teeth.
Saltwater crocodiles have the most highly prized skin due to the small scales on the belly area.
Saltwater crocodiles inhabit water.
Saltwater crocodiles kill prey.
Saltwater crocodiles live in Asia, Australia and India.
Saltwater crocodiles live in estuaries.
Saltwater crocodiles live in mangrove and salt marshes on the coast near the reef.
Saltwater crocodiles live in waterways throughout Australia's tropical north.
Saltwater crocodiles mate during years.
Saltwater crocodiles mate in the wet season, when water levels are at their highest.
Saltwater crocodiles prey on large mammals.
Saltwater crocodiles prey on mammals.
Saltwater crocodiles reproduce during seasons.
Saltwater crocodiles reproduce during wet seasons.
Saltwater crocodiles use tails.
Most saltwater crocodiles bring down prey.
Most saltwater crocodiles feed on fish.
Most saltwater crocodiles have heavy jaws.
Most saltwater crocodiles have jaws.
Most saltwater crocodiles have prey.
Most saltwater crocodiles have skin.
Most saltwater crocodiles have teeth.
Most saltwater crocodiles inhabit water.
Most saltwater crocodiles kill prey.
Most saltwater crocodiles live in estuaries.
Most saltwater crocodiles mate during years.
Most saltwater crocodiles prey on large mammals.
Most saltwater crocodiles prey on mammals.
Most saltwater crocodiles reproduce during seasons.
Most saltwater crocodiles reproduce during wet seasons.
Most saltwater crocodiles use tails.
Some saltwater crocodiles eat bull sharks.
Some saltwater crocodiles eat sharks.
Some saltwater crocodiles have forces.
Some saltwater crocodiles have high tolerance.
Some saltwater crocodiles have instinct.
Some saltwater crocodiles have powerful forces.
Some saltwater crocodiles have tolerance.
Some saltwater crocodiles kill tigers.
Some saltwater crocodiles kill victims.
Some saltwater crocodiles survive for many months.
Some saltwater crocodiles survive for months.
Some saltwater eels are moray, congers, and snipe eels.
A saltwater fish is seafood
Saltwater fish are especially sensitive to water changes.
Saltwater fish are fish.
Saltwater fish are large and many species are very capable of emptying a skimpy reel.
Saltwater fish are marine organisms.
Saltwater fish are seafood.
Saltwater fish are SO beautiful and so vivdly colored, let alone the environment they come from.
Saltwater fish are some of the most beautiful fish in the aquarium hobby.
Saltwater fish are usually far safer than Florida's wild freshwater fish.
Saltwater fish are varied and abundant in the Gulf and ocean off the shores of the entire state.
Saltwater fish drink enormous amounts of water to keep from drying out.
Saltwater fish excretes excess salt by active transport through gills.
Saltwater fish have gills.
Saltwater fish have seawater.
Saltwater fish live for many years.
Saltwater fish live for years.
Saltwater fish live in environments.
Saltwater fish live in low salt environments.
Saltwater fish live in oceans and estuaries.
Saltwater fish tend to loose water and take in salt.
Many saltwater fish are harvested straight from the sea.
Many saltwater fish do.
Many saltwater fish succumb to illness early in life due to poor husbandry.
Most saltwater fish have gills.
Most saltwater fish have seawater.
Most saltwater fish live for many years.
Most saltwater fish live for years.
Most saltwater fish live in environments.
Most saltwater fish live in low salt environments.
Some saltwater fish live along the coasts of continents.
Saltwater intrusion can also affect local septic systems.
Saltwater intrusion can also occur in inland areas where briney water underlies fresh water.
Saltwater intrusion can eventually ruin wells and affect soils and ground water.
Saltwater intrusion can kill marsh vegetation and exacerbate wetlands loss.
Saltwater intrusion is a natural process that occurs in coastal areas.
Saltwater marshes are beautiful and resilient.
A saltwater is water
Saltwater angling for cod, gar, herring or mackerel is also popular in Denmark.
Saltwater archives Archives of past contests, and other special posts.
Saltwater creeps into every sandy furrow.
Saltwater cultured pearls can be rather expensive depending on size and quality.
Saltwater flies hand-tied by some of New England's finest fly tiers.
Saltwater fly fishing and light tackle.
Saltwater fly specialist. .
Saltwater flyfishing charters adapt with the fishery.
Saltwater intake for plant cooling, fire lines and water lines of all types.
Saltwater is denser than fresh water, and everything floats more easily in denser water.
Saltwater is denser than fresh water.
Saltwater is denser than freshwater and therefore settles at a lower level than freshwater.
Saltwater is no different.
Saltwater is particularly harmful to units containing oil-lubricated ball bearings.
Saltwater isa water.
Saltwater marshes here, as elsewhere, are characterized by such plants as cordgrass and needlerush.
Saltwater mixes into the Bay from the Atlantic Ocean.
Saltwater reaches the tank from two sources.
Saltwater wetlands that are characterized by mud or sand and daily tidal fluctuations.
Saltwater wetlands that occur along many coasts.
Saltwater wreaks havoc with most breathables.
Saltwaters are located in sea.
Saltwaters are water.
Saltwaters contain organisms.
Saltwaters have effects.
Saltwater sometimes gets into the cracks and pore s of rock.
Most saltwaters contain organisms.
Most saltwaters have effects.
Some saltwaters conduct electricity.
Some saltwaters mix with fresh water.
Some saltwaters mix with water.
A saltwort is a bush
All saltworts have leafless, jointed stems and flowers in fleshy cylindrical spikes.
Salty conditions are just right for halophiles.
Salty crab is a bit rough.
Salty flavor is also one of the basic tastes.
Salty flavor is relieved by bitter or hot tasty food.
Salty fluid contains excess water.
Salty fluid contains water.
Most salty fluid contains excess water.
Most salty fluid contains water.
Salty foods are especially prone to microbial contamination due to their high water activity.
Salty foods are out.
Salty foods are to be avoided, but yams, black sesame, and taro root are excellent fare.
Salty foods can raise blood pressure, a danger for people with diabetes.
Salty foods decrease the effect of dehydration.
Salty foods increase fluid retention.
Some salty food increases blood.
Salty people are also frequently gossipers.
Salty readers rest assured, the high seas adventure is the longest and best part.
Salty Sayings Growing old is mandatory.
Salty snacks are compelling.
Some salty snacks help eat habits.
Some salty snacks help habits.
Some salty snacks help healthy eat habits.
Some salty snacks help healthy habits.
Salty soil hinders the seed's ability to take up water through osmosis.
Salty soils reduce yield and crop quality.
Salty soup is a sign that the cook is in love.
Salty soup means the cook is in love.
Salty taste flows downwards and softens hardness.
Salty things are definitely out.
Salty water boils faster when cooking eggs.
Salty water can hold up salty water, that is it can hold up heavier stuff than plain water can.
Salty water conducts electricity and in potatoes there is water and salt inside the cells.
Salty water flows into oceans.
Salty water is heavier than ordinary water so it pushes harder against objects floating in it.
Salty water means buoyancy, and buoyancy makes it easier for the calves to float and nurse.
Most salty water flows into oceans.
Some salty water becomes bottoms.
Some salty water becomes depth bottoms.
Saluki baseball travels to face Nebraska.
Saluki dogs lead the pack.
Saluki movement is light, effortless and totally balanced front to rear.
Saluki volleyball falls to Northern Iowa in five.
Salutary efforts are necessary to build a better future.
A salutation is credit
Salutation allows an application to send a network query to locate a device, application or service.
Salutation Be accurate.
Salutation can do more than determine device characteristics.
Salutation has no dependence on operating environment.
Salutation is also a key factor in providing ease of use.
Salutation is implemented above the transport layer.
Salutation is the only architecture required to plug and play both the device and the user.
Salutation isa message.
Salutation provides the user a way to find out what devices and services are on the network.
Salutations are often long and full of blessings and humility.
Salutations are often peculiar.
Salutations are openings.
Salutations When used well, salutations are an effective way to set the atmosphere of the letter.
A salute is credit
Salutes appear every week.
Salutes appear Thursdays.
Salutes appear Wednesdays.
Salutes are free.
Salutes are greeting.
Salutes are recognition.
Salutes Take a bow, gentlemen.
Salutings are gesturings.
Salvador isa thing.
Salvadoran culture reflects the native and European roots of the society.
Salvadoran labor is abundant and highly trainable.
Salvadoran tortillas are smaller and much thicker than Mexican tortillas.
Salvadorean pride is evident throughout the spacious restaurant.
Salvage harvesting is active with outer leaves singed by cold temperatures.
Salvage harvesting is active.
Salvage logging decreases morbidity and mortality of the forest trees.
Salvage logging is a reactive rather than a proactive measure.
Salvage logging is an attempt to compromise excessive logging and controlled logging.
Salvage logging is needed after forest fires to aid ecosystem recovery.
Salvage therapy is for someone who's used up all their treatment options.
Salvage value is assumed to be zero.
Salvage value is influenced by age and body condition of the cull cow as well as seasonal supply.
Salvage value is minimal as compared to the value of the finished product.
Salvage yard offers many other services.
Salvage yards are good sources for such materials.
Salvage yards insure that old house details, and history, are preserved.
Salvage yards provide good sources for doors, windows and cement blocks.
Salvage can be a touchy, secretive business.
Salvage is a commodity
Salvage is a dangerous business.
Salvage is a property
Salvage is a thought-provoking exploration of disintegrating relationships.
Salvage is a whole other game, involving imminent peril to a grounded, sinking or stranded boat.
Salvage is about redemption.
Salvage is about saving skills as well as objects.
Salvage is an ideal place for photographers and artists.
Salvage is commercial activities.
Salvage is commodities.
Salvage is kind of like cleaning up after the war and the bodies are lying around.
Salvage is properties.
Salvage is rescues.
Salvage is semi-dynamic.
Salvage is that which is saved.
Salvage is the removal of all infested trees along with a buffer strip of green uninfested trees.
Salvage is the responsibility of taxonomists.
Salvage is the value at the end of the depreciation.
Salvage is, however, only a partial solution to a broadly defined forest health problem.
Salvage marks it as a place worth visiting.
Salvage usually refers to grasping anything of value from a sunken ship or fire-ravaged building.
Some salvage is a possibility whereas stripping results in an immediate expense.
Salvaged blood is stored in a reservoir.
Some salvaged gumwood is available but very expensive.
Salvaged timbers come from unwanted, dead or live trees in urban or farm areas.
Salvation history becomes a reality in the concrete behaviour of human beings.
Salvation actually is a term of healing.
Salvation aims at the heart, as do the fiery darts of the wicked one.
Salvation also contains elements of great discomfort.
Salvation also has to do with being made whole, being made healthy, being healed.
Salvation also is a new covenant.
Salvation also is ascribed to all the three persons, who are equally concerned in it.
Salvation appears to be a state of being.
Salvation becomes an intellectual understanding instead of an actual deliverance.
Salvation becomes an open and shut case.
Salvation becomes apparent by the works that believers practice.
Salvation becomes man's choice.
Salvation begins and ends with faith.
Salvation begins at that point .
Salvation begins with grace and ends with grace.
Salvation begins with humility.
Salvation begins with repentance.
Salvation belongs to all who accept it by faith.
Salvation belongs to the soul alone, for the body is by nature subject to corruption.
Salvation belongs to Yahweh.
Salvation brings a new and great responsibility.
Salvation brings joy, it comes with the package.
Salvation can also mean all different sorts of healing.
Salvation can come no other way.
Salvation can only come through the divine gift of grace and revelation.
Salvation changes people.
Salvation changes people's lives.
Salvation come to three families, and they all responded by faith.
Salvation comes as a gift, but the joy of salvation demands disciplined action.
Salvation comes at the cost of wisdom.
Salvation comes by believing in the One who came and died for our sins.
Salvation comes by faith and faith alone.
Salvation comes by grace through faith.
Salvation comes by grace.
Salvation comes by serving the Watchtower organization.
Salvation comes first .
Salvation comes from above.
Salvation comes from an external source.
Salvation comes from an interesting turn of events or realizations made during attempts to survive.
Salvation comes from no one else.
Salvation comes from no others.
Salvation comes from seeing.
Salvation comes from self-control, from which also comes true freedom.
Salvation comes from the Greek word, soteria, which means deliverance.
Salvation comes in the form of an invading army which happens upon the religious procession.
Salvation comes only by revelation.
Salvation comes only through spiritual inspiration.
Salvation comes only via one's own victim.
Salvation comes through conquering the needs of the body.
Salvation comes through faith alone.
Salvation comes through faith and confession.
Salvation comes through grace by faith alone.
Salvation comes through no one else.
Salvation comes through repatriation.
Salvation comes through the belief of the truth.
Salvation comes through the realization that there is no duality.
Salvation comes with much difficulty.
Salvation comes with the entrance of the Holy Spirit in our lives.
Salvation compels believers to DO good works.
Salvation comprises both forgiveness and sanctification.
Salvation definitely puts the crow right back on track.
Salvation depends on no other.
Salvation depends on our believing.
Salvation depends on the initial removal of our sin during baptism.
Salvation depends upon faith that involves repentance.
Salvation depends upon our acceptance and permanent holding of the hope preached by the apostles.
Salvation does come by grace, but it is conditional.
Salvation does make a difference.
Salvation expresses itself in the ongoing process in which the believer is involved.
Salvation forever changes our life and spirit.
Salvation goes into existence and is given form in the flesh.
Salvation has a much wider application than what is usually expressed.
Salvation has an excellent plot filled with twists and turns.
Salvation has so many insidious guises.
Salvation has the nature of a child.
Salvation has three components.
Salvation has to be the opposite of sin.
Salvation has to do with being made whole.
Salvation has to do with deliverance from the power and dominion of sin.
Salvation has to do with ownership.
Salvation has two aspects.
Salvation here covers quite a bit.
Salvation here means the solution to a problem.
Salvation implies a seriously dangerous situation from which one needs to be rescued.
Salvation implies escape from Samsara which is associated with birth, old age and death.
Salvation implies judgment.
Salvation includes deliverance from danger.
Salvation includes more than forgiveness.
Salvation includes repentance, regeneration, sanctification, and glorification.
Salvation includes resurrection.
Salvation includes sanctification, and that is a life-long process.
Salvation includes victory over the powers of the world.
Salvation involves daily repentance and daily renewal through the forgiveness of sins.
Salvation involves justification, sanctification, and glorification.
Salvation involves redemption, regeneration, sanctification and glorifications.
Salvation involves the maximum freedom and maximum responsibility.
Salvation involves the redemption of the whole man.
Salvation is . . .
Salvation is a beginning that has no end.
Salvation is a benefit of the relationship.
Salvation is a birth, and there is nothing neat about birth.
Salvation is a broad term referring to the whole application of redemption to the sinner.
Salvation is a change of allegiance and of governmental relationships.
Salvation is a change of direction.
Salvation is a consequence of redemption.
Salvation is a continuing process involving growth in the Christian life.
Salvation is a continuous process.
Salvation is a cosmic event that helps people facing devastation.
Salvation is a done deal.
Salvation is a dynamic process and it is the aim and business of our religion.
Salvation is a free gift .
Salvation is a free gift for all who want it.
Salvation is a free gift with no strings attached.
Salvation is a free gift, and yet it is to be bought and sold.
Salvation is a free gift, but holiness comes dear.
Salvation is a free gift, but it costs money to take the message of salvation to the world.
Salvation is a free gift.
Salvation is a gift .
Salvation is a gift of grace received by faith.
Salvation is a gift to be accepted.
Salvation is a gift, pure and simple.
Salvation is a gift.
Salvation IS a gift.
Salvation is a heart matter.
Salvation is a holy thing and holiness comes with it.
Salvation is a life transformed.
Salvation is a life-long process of being on the potter's wheel.
Salvation is a matter of cosmic dimensions.
Salvation is a matter of faith and the heart.
Salvation is a matter of faith or belief.
Salvation is a multifaceted mystery.
Salvation is a now concept The Bible speaks of the immediacy of salvation.
Salvation is a painful process.
Salvation is a part of that gospel.
Salvation is a personal matter with any repenting sinner.
Salvation is a personal matter.
Salvation is a personal possession.
Salvation is a personal, internal experience.
Salvation is a present possession.
Salvation is a process, the ongoing process of becoming.
Salvation is a process.
Salvation is a product of relationship.
Salvation is a radical transference from one realm into another, from one authority to another.
Salvation is a radical transformation.
Salvation is a rescue
Salvation is a result of judgment.
Salvation is a single plan.
Salvation is a sip away.
Salvation is a soul taken from sinner to saint.
Salvation is a state of justification rather than membership in a group.
Salvation is a terrible thing to mess with.
Salvation is a thing of the present, as well as of the past and future.
Salvation is a very big word.
Salvation is a very personal thing.
Salvation is a walk.
Salvation is a word of varied and rich meaning.
Salvation is a work done in our life by the Holy Spirit.
Salvation is about becoming whole.
Salvation is about freedom.
Salvation is achieved by detachment from the finite self and attachement to reality as a whole.
Salvation is achieved by detachment from the finite self and attachment to reality as a whole.
Salvation is added to fallen existence and mixed with it.
Salvation is all by grace.
Salvation is all of grace.
Salvation is also a present reality.
Salvation is also a process that continues throughout our life on earth.
Salvation is also an on going process.
Salvation is also salvation from death.
Salvation is also the exodus from the dominion of darkness into the kingdom of light.
Salvation is always by grace and judgment is always on the basis of human works.
Salvation is always the first step to freedom.
Salvation is an absolutely free gift.
Salvation is an easy thing to receive.
Salvation is an Expectation.
Salvation is an experience first and a doctrine second.
Salvation is an Expression.
Salvation is an extremely important point with respect to optimism.
Salvation is an illusion.
Salvation is an individual decision.
Salvation is an individual matter.
Salvation is an inner thing, a thing of the heart.
Salvation is an inner, spiritual act.
Salvation is an ongoing process as much as it is a past event.
Salvation is an ongoing process of spiritual refinement.
Salvation is an ongoing process throughout our lives.
Salvation is an undeserved gift.
Salvation is an unearned blessing given to an unworthy sinner.
Salvation is another issue that is sometimes shortchanged.
Salvation is apart from any works that a man can do.
Salvation is applied through faith.
Salvation is as easy as eating pie.
Salvation is as important as eternity is long.
Salvation is as much a direction of growth as a state of being.
Salvation is as satisfying as eating bread.
Salvation is as secure as calling for help.
Salvation is associated with our compliance.
Salvation is at hand.
Salvation is at the point of faith without obedience.
Salvation is atonement, sacrifice, sanctification, holiness, cleansed by the blood, etc.
Salvation is attained by perfection of the soul through successive lives.
Salvation is attained by the individual, through faith in Jesus as saviour.
Salvation is attained by. . .
Salvation is available right now.
Salvation is available to all.
Salvation is available to every man, woman, and child on earth.
Salvation is based on human effort.
Salvation is based on work through implementing the five pillars in life.
Salvation is basically the undoing of the results of the fall.
Salvation is beneficial here on earth as well as in the after life.
Salvation is big and glorious, and is meant to be something big and expansive right here and now.
Salvation is both an individual and a collective matter.
Salvation is both free and forever.
Salvation is both the reward of endurance, and the free gift of grace.
Salvation is brought to men by some of it, and the saints are helped.
Salvation is but a release from false beliefs.
Salvation is by and through grace.
Salvation is by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone.
Salvation is by faith alone.
Salvation is by faith and faith alone.
Salvation is by faith, plus nothing.
Salvation is by faith.
Salvation is by grace alone through faith which is manifested in good works.
Salvation is by grace alone, and is to be accepted by faith according to the testimony of the Bible.
Salvation is by grace alone, without works.
Salvation is by grace alone.
Salvation is by grace and grace alone.
Salvation is by grace through faith alone.
Salvation is by grace through faith, is a free gift, and wholly without works.
Salvation is by grace through faith.
Salvation is by grace, but rewards and punishment are by works.
Salvation is by grace, through faith, in baptism, to perform good works.
Salvation is by grace.
Salvation is central to the core.
Salvation is character, and that part of life endures which has been tested and tried.
Salvation is closer now than ever before.
Salvation is conclusive in the soul.
Salvation is conditional a.
Salvation is conditional on righteousness.
Salvation is conditional.
Salvation is conditioned on a person's faith.
Salvation is Created . . .
Salvation is death-a step into immortality.
Salvation is defined as deliverance from the power and effects of sin.
Salvation is defined as restoration to the prelapsarian state.
Salvation is deliverance from spiritual death and habits caused by sin.
Salvation is deliverance from the effects of sin.
Salvation is dependent upon our adherence to moral law.
Salvation is directed at the whole world.
Salvation is earned, given in return for our good deeds.
Salvation is entirely of grace.
Salvation is equivalent to ordination for ministry.
Salvation is eschatological.
Salvation is essentially a personal matter.
Salvation is eternal.
Salvation is extended universally to humankind.
Salvation is faith and obedience.
Salvation is far easier than many people think.
Salvation is fine for a single, one time, event.
Salvation is for all mankind.
Salvation is for all who believe and obey the gospel.
Salvation is for all, but it is up to man to take it.
Salvation is for all.
Salvation is for every person, in every place, in every time.
Salvation is for everyone under the sun.
Salvation is for everyone.
Salvation is for the individual.
Salvation is for the unlearned and simple.
Salvation is for the whole person.
Salvation is forever.
Salvation is formless.
Salvation is found in no one else.
Salvation is found in no other name.
Salvation is found in the truth.
Salvation is found through identification with the hero.
Salvation is free and comes in a twinkling of an eye.
Salvation is free and easy to attain for every person.
Salvation is free, but discipleship is costly.
Salvation is free, but the cost of discipleship is great.
Salvation is free, full, and forever.
Salvation is free.
Salvation is Free.
Salvation is freedom from sin.
Salvation is gift.
Salvation is given to all.
Salvation is given without the intervention of priests, church, creeds or baptism.
Salvation is grace.
Salvation is hard work.
Salvation is here and now.
Salvation is here.
Salvation is immediate and complete.
Salvation is in a perfect man.
Salvation is in a person.
Salvation is in that name.
Salvation is in the big picture, in the attitude.
Salvation is in the making.
Salvation is incredibly simple, yet it unfolds with amazing complexity at the same time.
Salvation is infinitely costly, but absolutely free.
Salvation is instant.
Salvation is instantaneous.
Salvation is just a click away.
Salvation is just that.
Salvation is just the beginning.
Salvation is just the start of it.
Salvation is less faith and more truth.
Salvation is like a realization.
Salvation is like an island in the middle of the wild sea.
Salvation is like coming home.
Salvation is like going through a door.
Salvation is like receiving a gift.
Salvation is like sunshine.
Salvation is like that.
Salvation is like the alphabet, it is the beginning.
Salvation is like the sunshine.
Salvation is located in confessions.
Salvation is lost.
Salvation is means.
Salvation is meant both spiritually and physically.
Salvation is meant for all humanity.
Salvation is messy.
Salvation is more than a one time event but a way of life.
Salvation is more than a prayer, it is a relationship.
Salvation is more than fire insurance.
Salvation is more than just forgiveness of sins.
Salvation is much deeper than the emotions.
Salvation is much more than merely rescue.
Salvation is near, or at least the end of the year-long procession of interest rate hikes.
Salvation is near.
Salvation is nearer today than it ever was before.
Salvation is necessary for good works.
Salvation is never by violence, it is by faith.
Salvation is never dependent upon how one feels, but upon what one believes.
Salvation is never privatistic.
Salvation is new creation.
Salvation is obtained through ministers or priests of the church.
Salvation is of divine origin.
Salvation is of free grace.
Salvation is of pure grace.
Salvation is offered as a free gift to the sinner.
Salvation is offered as a free gift.
Salvation is offered as a gift - free to the sinner.
Salvation is offered as a gift, free to the sinner.
Salvation is offered to all as a free gift, to be freely accepted by all.
Salvation is offered to all.
Salvation is offered to people as a gift.
Salvation is offered to sinners.
Salvation is only a distant possibility.
Salvation is only a prayer of faith away.
Salvation is only by grace.
Salvation is only the beginning of emotional health.
Salvation is open to all.
Salvation is open to anyone with a receptive heart.
Salvation is ordained to hope.
Salvation is our business.
Salvation is our destiny.
Salvation is our future.
Salvation is our helmet - protects our minds from despair, fear, guilt, hopelessness, etc.
Salvation is our motto.
Salvation is our only theme.
Salvation is past, present and future.
Salvation is past, present, and future.
Salvation is personal and individual.
Salvation is pictured as a great reversal.
Salvation is possible only in the group.
Salvation is possible to all men.
Salvation is proclaimed, but never taught as such.
Salvation is promised to all who'll receive.
Salvation is provided for all men.
Salvation is realized.
Salvation is received by believing in Jesus Christ, and nothing else.
Salvation is received by believing the gospel.
Salvation is received by faith alone, apart from all good works and merit.
Salvation is received by faith.
Salvation is received by grace through faith, apart from good works.
Salvation is reconciliation.
Salvation is rescues.
Salvation is rescuings.
Salvation is restoration.
Salvation is resurrection from the dead.
Salvation is right conduct.
Salvation is safety.
Salvation is salvation for now as well as for eternity.
Salvation is salvation of the soul.
Salvation is secured through a perfect atonement.
Salvation is self-esteem or wholeness.
Salvation is shown to faith, it is prepared for hope, but it is given only to charity.
Salvation is simple.
Salvation is so simple.
Salvation is so very great.
Salvation is sola gratia and sola fide.
Salvation is sometimes a misunderstood concept.
Salvation is still possible.
Salvation is still the same.
Salvation is such a tremendous gift that rejecting it is a terrible offense.
Salvation is the appropriation of what was secured in redemption.
Salvation is the end result of belief matched with action.
Salvation is the first step in a journey of a lifetime.
Salvation is the forgiveness of sins and the gift of eternal life.
Salvation is the forgiveness of sins.
Salvation is the freeing of the soul from confinements physical, mental and spiritual.
Salvation is the gift but progression and perfection are the process.
Salvation is the Gospel of Peace.
Salvation is the losing of all desire.
Salvation is the message of the Bible from beginning to end.
Salvation is the most important doctrine in the Bible.
Salvation is the most important gift that a person can receive.
Salvation is the name of the game.
Salvation is the new start of a new life.
Salvation is the object for which they look.
Salvation is the personal knowledge of that One who came to seek and save that which was lost.
Salvation is the point here.
Salvation is the rescue of the whole person.
Salvation is the result.
Salvation is the same for everyone.
Salvation is the soundness of our being, total wholeness in all areas, body, soul, and spirit.
Salvation is the summit of all possible project and the height of matters related to projects.
Salvation is the thrust of Apostolic doctrine.
Salvation is the whole plant.
Salvation is therefore a new birth.
Salvation is therefore by faith alone without any works on our part.
Salvation is through faith alone.
Salvation is through faith.
Salvation is thus piecemeal, relating to specific worldly distresses.
Salvation is to be obtained by personal effort alone.
Salvation is too important to take chances on.
Salvation is totally be faith.
Salvation is transformation.
Salvation is unconditional.
Salvation is union with the absolute.
Salvation is unthinkable.
Salvation is very exclusive.
Salvation is vital.
Salvation is wholly apart from any human effort, Rom.
Salvation is wholly by grace through faith, minus nothing and plus nothing.
Salvation lies in a universal love for mankind.
Salvation lies in an energetic future march onward towards a brighter and clearer future.
Salvation lies in services.
Salvation lies in the struggle.
Salvation lies in their forgiveness, damnation in their path.
Salvation lies within.
Salvation looks to keep the franchise flying into the next century.
Salvation makes a person look different, talk different, do different and even smell different.
Salvation marks a nadir for a series that was never especially good to begin with.
Salvation means deliverance from danger or destruction.
Salvation means escape from the body and the physical world.
Salvation means holy wholeness in our full beings - spirit, soul and body.
Salvation means liberation from sin, death, and evil.
Salvation means life, forgiveness, healing, wholeness.
Salvation means spiritual war.
Salvation means that a person begins a new life.
Salvation means the full redemption of whole man.
Salvation means to become whole.
Salvation means to save or to heal, to deliver or to bring into safety.
Salvation needs to be understood in cosmic terms as well as personal ones.
Salvation never comes out magical passivity, laziness, pew sitting, and disobedience.
Salvation occurs after one has believed and been baptized.
Salvation occurs one time.
Salvation offers no rest for the wicked.
Salvation pertains only to a part of man rather than to the whole being.
Salvation precedes scriptural baptism and church membership.
Salvation precedes Scriptural baptism and church membership.
Salvation produces a change within, that breaks the chain of sin.
Salvation refers to our release from the eternal consequences of our sin.
Salvation requires a dramatic change.
Salvation requires a growth in holiness to make it complete.
Salvation requires a life of obedience.
Salvation requires a particular repentance.
Salvation requires an adult to both accept the gospel message and be baptized.
Salvation requires discrimination.
Salvation requires forgiveness.
Salvation resolves the result of sin death.
Salvation rests on an ethic of righteousness and grace.
Salvation seems to be beyond their reach.
Salvation seems to have come in the shape of the Internet.
Salvation seems to lie in the presidential campaign.
Salvation senses a whole universe yearning for hope.
Salvation sits upon a hill, where one was crucified.
Salvation stands all by itself.
Salvation takes place beneath the skin.
Salvation takes place through gnosis or jnana , and nothing else can achieve it.
Salvation takes time.
Salvation then becomes synergistic rather than monergistic.
Salvation truly is a miracle.
Salvation typically arrives amid despair.
Salvation waits at the completion of the crossing.
Salvation works the same for our children.
Salvation works the same way.
All salvation revolves around our Savior.
Salvatore fans are already clamoring for the third book.
Salve incorporates a combination of internal and external online tools for social interaction.
Salve is a cure
Salves are herbal oils hardened with beeswax and cocoa butter.
Salves have some sort of oil or tallow to aid penetration.
A salvia is a herb
Salvia contains bicarbonate which buffers and protects amino acids in the highly acidic stomach.
Salvia helps attract bees to the garden that can help pollinate tomatoes and other crops.
Salvias are among the easiest and showiest of flowers for the garden.
Salvias are annual plants.
Salvias are native to southern England and enjoy the arid conditions found in drier temperate zones.
Salvias are plants.
Salvias are very versatile plants for the garden.
Salvias attract hummingbirds and butterflies.
Salvias bring color to the garden now and especially through fall.
Salvias Get No Respect.
Salvias have square or woody stems with leaves that are often woolly and aromatic.
Salvias prefer full sun and well- draining soil.
Salvias still rock.
Salvia usually transplants well.
All salvias grow best in well drained, evenly moist soil with full sun.
Many salvias are tender perennials usually grown as annuals.
Most salvias grow fairly rapidly.
Salvings is drug therapy.
Salvinia plants are floating ferns, there are only ten species in the world.
Salvo timothy is the earliest variety and has the quickest regrowth.
Salwar kameez suggests familiar notion of exotic clothes worn by Asian women.
A salwar is a trouser
Salwars are out, it's the fitted churidaar that finds favour.
Salwars are pyjama-like trousers drawn tightly in at the waist and the ankles.
Salyut project begins.
Samar powder is readily available in market.
A samara is an achene
Samaras are bit larger than American elm but without the distinct notch and fuzzy margin.
Samaritan nature is human nature, and human nature remembers contact with the illustrious, always.
Samaritan volunteers come from every walk of life.
Samarium oxide is added to ceramics and glasses to increase absorption of infrared light.
A samarium is metal
Samarium also has a high neutron absorption capacity.
Samarium also has a long history in the nuclear industry.
Samarium has no biological role but is said to stimulate the metabolism.
Samarium is a bright, fairly hard, silvery white metal.
Samarium is a compound of monazite and bastnaesite.
Samarium is a fairly reactive metal.
Samarium is a lustrous silver-white metal.
Samarium is a silvery-white metal belonging to the lanthanide group of the periodic table.
Samarium is also available in soluble forms including chlorides, nitrates and acetates .
Samarium is considered to be moderately toxic.
Samarium is regarded as a relatively abundant lanthanide.
Samarium is the fifth most abundant of the rare elements and is almost four times as common as tin.
Samarium is the hardest and most brittle of the rare earth elements.
Samarium is used as a catalyst in certain organic reactions.
Samarium is used for carbon-arc lighting for the motion picture industry.
Samarium is used in carbon-arc lamps.
Samarium is used to dope calcium fluoride crystal for use in optical lasers or lasers.
Samarium is used to dope calcium fluoride crystal for use in optical masers or lasers.
Samarium is used to dope calcium fluoride crystals for use in optical masers or lasers.
Samarium isa metal.
Samariums are chemical elements.
Samariums are metallic elements.
Samariums have (part) atoms.
A samarskite is a mineral
Samarskite is found in rare earth rich granite pegmatites, a slow cooling igneous intrusive rock.
A samba is a ballroom dance
Sambas are more Brazilian.
Sambas have a double-time feel.
Sambar deer are excellent swimmers.
Sambar deer are often on a target of hunters because of their beautiful antlers and meat.
Sambar deer attain height.
Sambar deer damage plants.
Sambar deer display behavior.
Sambar deer eat food.
Sambar deer have a sex ratio greatly favouring females, due to the high mortality of males.
Sambar deer have glands.
Sambar deer have long black tails.
Sambar deer have mortality.
Sambar deer have potential.
Sambar deer have scent glands.
Sambar deer have vast potential.
Sambar deer is one of the largest members of deer family.
Sambar deer occur in areas.
Sambar deer occur in many areas.
Sambar deer occur in many protect areas.
Sambar deer occur in protect areas.
Sambar deer possess red spots.
Sambar deer possess spots.
Sambar deer produce barking calls in the case of danger.
Sambar deer reach maturity.
Sambar deer reach sexual maturity.
Sambar deer rub antlers.
Most sambar deer eat food.
Most sambar deer have glands.
Most sambar deer have mortality.
Most sambar deer have potential.
Most sambar deer have scent glands.
Most sambar deer have vast potential.
Most sambar deer occur in areas.
Most sambar deer occur in many areas.
Most sambar deer occur in many protect areas.
Most sambar deer occur in protect areas.
Most sambar deer possess red spots.
Most sambar deer reach maturity.
Most sambar deer reach sexual maturity.
Some sambar deer eat bark.
A sambar is a deer
Sambar are both grazers and browsers.
Sambar are nocturnal or crepuscular.
Sambar are one of the few type of deer that attacks predators.
Sambar are very alert to foreign sounds.
Sambar can be a difficult deer to hunt.
Sambar forms an essential part of the daily diet of many low-income Indian households.
Sambar have a hollow below the eye in which the preorbital gland is situated.
Sambar is a kind of legume or vegetable stew or soup.
Sambar is a software technical writer.
Sambar is a vegetable stew based on a broth made from toor dal, tamarind and other spices.
Sambar is a very popular dish in South Indian cuisine.
Sambar is eaten with rice or with dosa and idlis or even alone, as a soup.
Sambar is ready to serve.
Sambar isa deer.
Sambar occupy a variety of habitats from indigenous and exotic forests to wetlands and farmland.
Sambar takes dal several steps further, adding a variety of fresh vegetables.
Sambars are a large animal.
Sambars are big animals.
Sambars are deers.
Sambars are food.
Sambars have (part) antlers.
Sambars have (part) brains.
Sambars have (part) breasts.
Sambars have (part) cannon bones.
Sambars have (part) cell membranes.
Sambars have (part) cells.
Sambars have (part) chest cavities.
Sambars have (part) chests.
Sambars have (part) corpi.
Sambars have (part) cytoplasm.
Sambars have (part) ears.
Sambars have (part) faces.
Sambars have (part) heads.
Sambars have (part) hip sockets.
Sambars have (part) hoofs.
Sambars have (part) nuclei.
Sambars have (part) piluses.
Sambars have (part) plasma membranes.
Sambars have (part) rib cages.
Sambars have (part) second stomachs.
Sambars have (part) sections.
Sambars have (part) skulls.
Sambars have (part) sterna.
Sambars have (part) vacuoles.
Sambars need water.
Sambars occur in habitats.
Sambar often is served over steamed rice and also with idly, dosa, vada, etc.
Most sambar deer rub antlers.
Most sambars occur in habitats.
Some sambars have tolerance.
Some sambars live in woodlands.
Some sambars occupy farmland.
Some sambars respond to rainfall.
Sambhuca liqueur tastes like fennel.
A sambuca is cordial
Sambuca gives the younger crowd a bit of culture and makes the older crowd feel younger.
Same advice holds true for choosing a hunting and fishing truck.
Same amount has to be filed.
Same analogy is true for other items that both web sites are trying to sell.
Same answer holds.
Same approach applies.
Same areas provide comfort.
Most same areas provide comfort.
Some same areas are used by fishermen.
Some same areas are used by local fishermen.
Same article is posted periodically to a local newsgroup called tsukuba.travel.
Same assessment goes for religion, money and politics.
Same authors find differences.
Most same authors find differences.
Some same authors find excretion.
Some same authors study true values.
Some same authors study values.
Same basic designs use instruments.
Same basic designs use optical instruments.
Same behavior occurs when trying to paste into a channel mask.
Same blood runs through our veins.
Same bond applies for each capsule .
Same book includes photocopies of obituaries, funeral home printed cards, and other information.
Same box pulls a telephone in a little wagon.
Same button serves as a manual reconnect.
Same cable works for all handhelds.
Some same calculations show displacement.
Some same calculations show engine displacement.
Same calibrations apply.
Same carving is along bottom between front legs.
Same caste is preferred.
Same caution applies.
Same caveat applies as above.
Same caveat applies.
Same chambers are usable.
Same chord changes as the version above, but a different style of playing completely.
Same class have same characteristics.
Same code can run in double or single precision.
Same color means same cluster, but the color for a cluster is arbitrary.
Same comment applies to market capitalisation for Morocco and Tunisia.
Same comment applies.
Same comments apply as above.
Same comments apply for USB peripherals.
Same comments apply to various steel alloys.
Same comments apply.
Same concept applies here, the quicker the site the better.
Same concept applies here.
Same concept applies to puts.
Same concept applies.
Some same concepts apply to plants.
Same condition applies to the group.
Same conditions affect offspring.
Same conditions apply for late check-outs.
Same conditions apply for SWLs.
Same conditions apply.
Most same conditions affect offspring.
Same costs apply.
Same day deliver is available.
Same day drop off service.
Same day pick up and delivery of packages and documents.
Same day pick up and deposit.
Same day pick up by customers.
Same day pick up.
Same day results summaries and photos.
Same day turn around trades are possible in physical environment only.
Same deadlines apply.
Same deal goes for the spoons and knives.
Same deal goes with magic.
Same defenses apply here.
Same definitions occur.
Same departure dates as above.
Same design is repeated on both sides, front and back of all colors.
Same discount applies.
Same don sound new name.
Same ear fits left or right sides because of dual mounting points per ear.
Same effect is repeated under equally impossible conditions.
Same effect obscures observations of the earth surface from space and aircraft.
Same effects play roles.
Most same effects play roles.
Some same effects occur in patients.
Same elements are dense regular but the bundles of collagen are thicker and irregularly arranged.
Same elephant has an abscess on right front foot.
Same explanation holds good for two photons of opposite spin and opposite linear directions.
Same family is defined as spouse, parent, in-law, sibling, child, or stepchild.
Same family owns the big guy in East Avon.
Same fares are also valid for USA to Dubai via Europe.
Same fee applies to all participants.
Same fee applies to orders for a single item.
Same fees apply for photocopies and loans.
Same fees apply to upgrades and downgrades.
Same gender resides across the hall and the opposite gender resides next door.
Same group owns both brewers.
Same guidelines apply as graduatewriting categories.
Same guidelines apply as table of contents.
Some same guys discover bacteria.
Some same guys do ladies.
Same hint applies here.
Same home needs someone to conduct an underwear drive.
Same hotel stay next three nights.
Same idea applies to time.
Same idea works for speakers.
Some same ideas apply to breaths.
Same identifier is yet another way.
Same image is feautured in the arms.
Same information is presented, just with less explanation.
Same law gives Gestapo complete independence of the courts.
Same lessons apply.
Some same locations see collisions.
Same logic applies in leaving off the title.
Same logic applies to a nice frame.
Same logic applies to all other slots.
Same logic applies to every part of our lives.
Same logic goes in Kashmir, India.
Same logic pertains to the presence of the small button and loop just below the collar.
Same magnification uses microscopes.
Most same magnification uses microscopes.
Same maladies epidemic elsewhere.
Same man marries sisters of a family.
Same markings are on both.
Same maximums apply as on-network.
Some same mechanisms are used by bivalves.
Some same mechanisms drive extreme weather.
Same methods apply to the dragons.
Same methods are used by farmers.
Most same methods are used by farmers.
Same monitor records a male leaving just after midnight.
Same multiplicity creates obstacles for central management, support resources.
Same name is engraved on band on both pen and pencil.
Same notes apply.
Same object is seen for third time.
Same options work for enscript .
Same options work for psl pr .
Same options work for pslpr .
Same order holds all the way.
Same package is available for Rs.
Same page argues that farmers primary g.
Same pan fry the red chillies.
Some same parameters apply to girls.
Same Participants are at the same location.
Same patterns occur.
Same patterns reappear, making the exact scale being examined difficult to determine.
Same people make the laws profit on the black market.
Same people threaten use of weapons of mass destruction including chemical and biological weapons.
Most same people create disturbances.
Most same people create initial disturbances.
Most same people enter houses.
Most same people have responsibility.
Most same people have sole responsibility.
Some same people carry out measurements.
Some same people get hands.
Some same people get other hands.
Some same people provide treatments.
Some same people report death.
Some same people write books.
Same people create disturbances.
Same people create initial disturbances.
Same people enter houses.
Same people have responsibility.
Same people have sole responsibility.
Same person answers both e-mail and regular mail.
Some same phenomena occur in liquids.
Same phrase is used when describing rise and falls of the dollar.
Same plan stands today.
Same ploy works at all levels of government.
Same policies apply to all categories of staff, irrespective of source of funding.
Same policy applies for paperbacks and workbooks.
Same policy applies to late starting classes as shown below.
Same precautions apply to cracks or holes in walls, doorways, windows or ceilings.
Same preparation applies.
Same principals apply as with flash floods.
Same principle applies here.
Same principle applies to books, by the way.
Same principle applies to domestic and international trade.
Same principle applies to game-show models.
Same principle applies to hair keep it natural, normal.
Same principle applies to other progressives and their base jackpots.
Same principle applies to other transplanted crops, with some variations.
Same principle applies to residential streets.
Same principle applies to TV or radio.
Same principle applies.
Same principle goes for bowling.
Same principle is visible in fever.
Same principles applies with human beings.
Same principles apply as for town search.
Same principles apply to cases.
Same principles apply, regardless.
Same principles guide classifications.
Most same principles apply to cases.
Some same principles apply to children.
Some same principles apply to fisheries.
Some same principles apply to humans.
Some same principles govern vibration.
Same problem applies to the albatrosses.
Same problem happens for flute at that octave.
Same problem is still there.
Same problem occurs.
Same problems persist on their side.
Some same problems occur in states.
Same procedure applies for the ignition rotor.
Same procedure applies, except the friendly assistant is behind bullet-proof glass.
Same procedure applies.
Same procedure is applicable to the web based invitation cards.
Same procedure is followed for doubles.
Same procedure is used for consumer filings as well. .
Same procedures are to be applied in any chemical spill.
Same process applies for outbound flights.
Same process is between domains in trust relationships.
Same process is done in reverse order while returning to normal position.
Same process is necessary when renewing, whether annually or by semester.
Same processing is done for the composite file.
Same products reported by different enterprises each have their own, specific weights.
Same program can either be a client or server to build a distributed time synchronization network.
Same proof applies when there are three doors.
Same quality features as the larger one.
Same question applies to a lot of actors.
Same question applies to swap.
Same question applies to the different kinds of corn and squash.
Same question is asked and answered by many programmers on the news group.
Same question pertains to e-mail.
Same questions apply.
Same rate applies to all rooms.
Same rates apply for both personal and business services.
Same rates apply to children.
Same rates apply to commercial users.
Same rates apply to new and used vehicles.
Same rates apply.
Same rationale applies.
Some same reaction occurs in horizons.
Some same reaction produces light.
Same reason apploes here.
Same reason goes for permanently wrinkled foreheads.
Same recipe is used for the Love Fudge cookie recipe.
Same relativity happens with the economy.
Same remedy applies.
Same requirements apply as de facto spouses.
Same resistor fails on the green and blue video boards causing similar symptoms.
Same restrictions apply as stated above.
Same restrictions apply.
Some same results demonstrate methods.
Same review applies.
Same route is described.
Same rule applies for e-mail sites too.
Same rule applies for Massachusetts.
Same rule applies for other public bodies, such as the county board.
Same rule applies to anyone whose life is just too hectic to remove undies from inside of pants.
Same rule applies to boyfriends.
Same rule applies to differing situations.
Same rule applies to gifts, furniture, artwork and kitchen supplies.
Same rule applies to road shoulders.
Same rule applies.
Same rule relates also to pieces in hand.
Same rules apply about clearancing the block to make room for the rods.
Same rules apply and the cost is the same.
Same rules apply as above.
Same rules apply as design fees.
Same rules apply as first water.
Same rules apply as in the forum.
Same rules apply as the first option.
Same rules apply as to the graphics.
Same rules apply as with initial application.
Same rules apply as with standard mail.
Same rules apply as with the first lab.
Same rules apply for each.
Same rules apply for names as in new .
Same rules apply here as described above.
Same rules apply here as in our channels, no commercial advertising.
Same rules apply here as to the champion section.
Same rules apply here.
Same rules apply in here as on the other forums.
Same rules apply on identification.
Same rules apply to a modem.
Same rules apply to anything mentioned in the article.
Same rules apply to cater's as to retail operations.
Same rules apply to longbows, crossbows, handgonnes, slings, trebuchets, etc.
Same rules apply to runners as others w.r.t. lightning.
Same rules apply to the final exam.
Same rules apply when writing one down.
Same rules apply, fun and addictive.
Same rules apply.
Some same rules apply to channels.
Some same rules apply to game hunters.
Some same rules apply to goods.
Some same rules apply to heat.
Some same rules apply to hunters.
Some same rules apply to members.
Some same rules apply to owners.
Some same rules apply to pet owners.
Some same rules apply to responsible pet owners.
SAMe SAMe provides both glutathione.
Same scientists analyze data and publish papers describing results.
Same server hosts an English page about the subject.
Same setup is used for measuring power, supply currents and input loads.
Same sex classifieds for free.
Same shit applies here.
Same shock absorbing design keeps fenders in position dockside without the chafe and strain.
Same shorthand happens with Italian delicacies.
Same side has a dinged corner and slightly bumped edges.
Same site contains lists of publishers in other countries .
Same site has a nice art gallery , though.
Same situation applies here.
Same situation applies to Parry Sound.
Same situation exists for buyer.
Same size is smooth flow.
Same sizes allow reception into the north and western Caribbean.
Same skills apply.
Same solutions apply.
Same source supplies hot water for taps, baths and showers.
Same specimens have ages.
Same specimens use for tests.
Most same specimens have ages.
Most same specimens use for tests.
Same spirit goes on with all habits, etc.
Same sports are intramural sports which have a varsity or club sport equivalent.
Same standards apply to strolling musicians in restaurants.
Same story applies for some African and other ethic drums.
Some same subjects have inflammation.
Same system applies to other areas of the world.
Same system can also remove heat from the same space.
Same system is used for our yearly food supply from the garden.
Same tariffs Apply.
Same technique can insert other data besides a count.
Same templates create their own fake thumbnail frames.
Same theory applies to uniforms, badges, etc.
Same theory holds true for prescription drugs.
Same theory holds true in the world of investing.
Same thing applies about older articles.
Same thing applies for a ball that stops at the brink of the hole and hangs there, defying gravity.
Same thing applies for digital monkeys.
Same thing applies for Internet service.
Same thing applies for the winter when roads are blocked due to snowfall.
Same thing applies here.
Same thing applies in the pool.
Same thing applies to assessment.
Same thing applies to auto mechanics.
Same thing applies to bikes.
Same thing applies to fitness.
Same thing applies to income deferrals.
Same thing applies to mortgages or investments, name it.
Same thing applies to propagating trays, watering cans etc.
Same thing applies to singing.
Same thing applies to the engine.
Same thing applies to the mountains.
Same thing applies to the standard output file.
Same thing applies to using that cell phone.
Same thing applies where creativity is paramount.
Same thing applies with a game's installation.
Same thing applies with the Internet.
Same thing applies.
Same thing apply to the man page.
Same thing can be a blessing and a curse.
Same thing can happen and at anywhere in the sky.
Same thing can happen with a Web site.
Same thing can happen with Internet pharmaceutical sales.
Same thing can occur in the upper extremities.
Same thing goes for a ball that rims the cup.
Same thing goes for a ball that stops at the brink of the hole and hangs there defying gravity.
Same thing goes for a ball that stops at the brink of the hole and hangs there, defying gravity.
Same thing goes for a book.
Same thing goes for a lawyer.
Same thing goes for automated page layout.
Same thing goes for boxing.
Same thing goes for brokers.
Same thing goes for endure cold.
Same thing goes for everyone.
Same thing goes for hurricanes.
Same thing goes for judging.
Same thing goes for mailboxes as well.
Same thing goes for older siblings.
Same thing goes for other people and subdivisions of the community.
Same thing goes for other titles as well.
Same thing goes for our daily image.
Same thing goes for our general counsel.
Same thing goes for platting property in metes and bounds.
Same thing goes for questions.
Same thing goes for removing the lens from the body while the lens is operating.
Same thing goes for sex ed.
Same thing goes for sluts.
Same thing goes for some meats, especially ham.
Same thing goes for the bank machine.
Same thing goes for the big corporations.
Same thing goes for the capital-gains tax cut.
Same thing goes for the deformed duckling.
Same thing goes for the games.
Same thing goes for the general landscape.
Same thing goes for the king.
Same thing goes for the men.
Same thing goes for the paint roller.
Same thing goes for the reader of a mystery novel.
Same thing goes for the third tuber.
Same thing goes for trust.
Same thing goes for turrets etc.
Same thing goes for vacation messages that actually respond to the list.
Same thing goes for versions.
Same thing goes for weather, traffic and sports.
Same thing goes here.
Same thing goes with attachments.
Same thing goes with daytime.
Same thing goes with internal medicine.
Same thing goes with Iowa.
Same thing goes with neighborhoods.
Same thing goes with tv's and stereo's.
Same thing happen in Internet E-mail addresses.
Same thing happen when the error occur on the same row.
Same thing happens during summer when water available is low.
Same thing happens for outputs.
Same thing happens for servers and communication lines.
Same thing happens if the last game was late and the game under consideration is late.
Same thing happens if there is no room to place the required piece.
Same thing happens if two people are browsing the same web site.
Same thing happens in many other countries.
Same thing happens in our gospel story.
Same thing happens in the Internet.
Same thing happens in the next period.
Same thing happens in toy stores now.
Same thing happens occasionally to dialogue boxes.
Same thing happens on it too.
Same thing happens on the p-side .
Same thing happens on the p-side.
Same thing happens on the show.
Same thing happens online.
Same thing happens sometimes when arrows are used when shell is busy.
Same thing happens to big business, obviously.
Same thing happens to cheese.
Same thing happens two day after a moon, the bite is back on again.
Same thing happens when a web designer is updating sites.
Same thing happens when three ferrets pass a doll.
Same thing happens with a long line of cars.
Same thing happens with division.
Same thing happens with fighting games.
Same thing happens with free weight exercises, by the way.
Same thing happens with pioneers in any type of music.
Same thing happens with rituals.
Same thing happens with snowshoe holes until enough snowshoers go by to make a continuous path.
Same thing happens, and it is starting to hurt .
Same thing happens, if hostkey changes during the connection.
Same thing happens.
Same thing holds true in politics.
Same thing holds true online.
Same thing holds true with fishing equipment.
Same thing is at work here.
Same thing is done to black.
Same thing is true for all the other hoaxes.
Same thing is true for animal babies, too.
Same thing is true for movies.
Same thing is true for other protocols.
Same thing is true for photonics .
Same thing is true if the dot had been a wedge or a horseshoe.
Same thing is true with energy.
Same thing is true with giving.
Same thing needs to be done for security.
Same thing works for specificity.
Same thing works on a bigger scale.
Same thing works on an issue campaign.
Same thing works with light as sound.
Same things apply here.
Same things apply to the front vocal mics.
Same thing's the excuse to win an election every time.
Same tile is on back entry porch.
Same time is forfeit time.
Same tool is used on the door handle.
Same top fits all.
Same truth applies to some recreational boaters.
Same type sounds but less control parameters.
Same values are true for core debugging.
Same warning applies.
Same warnings apply.
Same way children play games.
Same way is applicable at wharf frontage.
Same way is applicable to the case of wharf frontage.
Same wire is used to carry voice and data traffic.
Same wish goes for everybody living in Ukraine.
Same word translated honor is transl.
Same work looks for the terms anywhere in the work.
Same works are without time signature, atonal, bitonal with contemporaneous signs.
SAMe contains a compound that all living cells produce.
SAMe distributes the methyl groups to DNA, proteins, neurotransmitters, fats and much more.
SAMe facilitates enzymatic activity throughout the body by enhancing DNA re-methylation.
SAMe has a host of antiaging benefits with virtually no serious side effects.
SAMe has no withdrawal reaction, commonly found with antidepressants.
SAMe has numerous actions within the body.
SAMe helps protect the liver.
SAMe helps to form proteoglycans, which are used to renew the matrix of cartilage.
SAMe is an excellent supplement for depression.
SAMe is essential for the regeneration of neuron axons following injury.
SAMe is indispensable for health and longevity.
SAMe is manufactured within the body but it is also made synthetically.
SAMe is present in every cell of the body.
SAMe is preventative and therapeutic in liver cancer.
SAMe is under investigation.
SAMe is unlikely to interfere with the effectiveness of tamoxifen.
SAMe occurs in every living cell and is used in the body in several biological reactions.
SAMe protects the liver from the damaging effects of drugs and alcohol.
SAMe rebuilds joints and relieves joint pains and fibromyalgia symptoms.
SAMe shows great promise as a safe, effective alternative to aspirin and ibuprofen.
SAMe stimulates cartilage growth and reverses the underlying cause of arthritis .
SAMe works faster than most other antidepressants, but with no side effects.
SAMe works in unison with melatonin to coordinate day-night natural rhythms in the body.
Samhain rituals vary, as the practice of the religion is highly diverse.
Samian grapes are famous for their juice and the fine wines produced.
Samish soils are coarse-silty.
Samish soils are in a fine-silty family.
Sammy puppies are cute, cuddly little fur balls and are hard to resist buying on impulse.
Samoa isa thing.
Samoan culture is rooted in mutual respect and sharing.
Samoan families feel it is important that children are spoken to in their own language.
Samoan folklore tells of a similar origin for bats.
Samoan girls are terrible liars when it comes to joking.
Samoan material has branches that are tapering, but never clavate.
Samoan music tells the stories of Samoan history, of events past and present, real and legend.
Most Samoan plants are from Asia with the exception of the yam from South America.
Samoan society is based on the extended family system with several generations living together.
Samoan weddings are generally a huge social event.
Samoan women are strong leaders, organisers and influences in the lives of the community.
Samogho society is patrilineal in structure.
Samogitian songs are slow and usually harmonic.
A samosa is a turnover
Samosa can be vegetarian or non-vegetarian .
Samosa can be vegetarian or non-vegetarian.
Samosas are flaky pastries filled with spicy potatoes and peas.
Samosas are food.
Samosas are pastry.
Samosas are savory pockets of dough filled with vegetables or meat.
Samosas are spicy little pasties stuffed with a vegetable or meat filling.
Samosas are turnovers.
Samosir island is really very scenic.
A samovar is an urn
Samovar speaks softly, but speaks volumes.
Samoyed dogs can do.
Many Samoyed items are also available in other areas of our web site.
Samoyed puppies are ready for action.
Samoyed puppies make great companions.
A sampan is a skiff
Sampan knows Cambodia.
A samphire is a herb
Samphires are a group of succulent, highly salt-tolerant, perennial shrubs.
Sampladelic pranksters make house groove of the year.
Sample animation are available via the author.
Sample ballots appear in both Spanish and English.
Sample ballots are non-forwardable .
Sample ballots are non-forwardable.
Sample bias is the result of a poor sampling plan.
Sample budgets are available.
Sample buttons are available for viewing, and so is their catalog.
Sample calculations use results.
Sample comments follow.
Sample definitions are provided below.
Sample design comprises both sample selection and estimation.
Sample details are equipment needs, registration tables, special power hookups, etc.
Sample dilution is the only mechanism available now.
Sample dissertations are available.
Sample distribution is distribution
Sample distributions bear a paradoxical relationship to measurement.
Sample documents are available for use as actual policy or as guidelines.
Sample error logs.
Sample exam is available through the handouts page .
Sample forms are available at our website.
Sample forms are available for viewing.
Sample forms are available on request.
Sample forms are provided in appendices and can be adapted to specific programs by users.
Some sample frames are on display here.
Sample libraries work the same way.
Sample materials are available for download.
Sample materials are available on the Local Promotions Kit page.
Sample materials are available on their web site.
Sample materials are available to off-campus users from the demo button.
Sample mean is xbar, sample standard deviation is s, and sample proportion is p.
Sample messages are available.
All sample packs come in a white box with a label on the outside of box for convienent storage.
Sample parts are available now.
Sample pathfinders are on reserve.
Sample payments are payments to caterers, local hotels and restaurants.
Sample preparation is also very important for the analysis quality.
Sample preparation is generally quick and easy since homogeneity is the primary consideration.
Sample preparation is often the bottleneck in analyses.
Sample preparation is often the most challenging part of protein sequencing.
Sample preparation is simple and data collection times are short.
Sample preparation is solely the users responsibility.
Sample preparation is very time consuming.
All sample preparation is done to the highest standards.
Sample product is available for serious inquiries only.
Sample protocols are the same as for preoperational monitoring.
Sample quality is good and so is the actual song.
Sample quality is good.
Sample quality is high, and so is the handling of the samples.
Sample quality is important.
Sample quality is OK, but why to put fuzzy guitars to pop song.
Sample quality is ok.
Sample quality is okay, some of the samples even feel a bit familiar.
Sample quality is quite poor and crackles alot.
Sample quality is very good.
Sample questions are are the web site.
Sample questions are as follows.
Sample questions are available by clicking on the topic.
Sample questions are below.
Sample questions are more numerous and provide more detail to the data user.
Sample questions are no longer available.
Sample questions are on the back of the brochure.
Sample questions are still available.
Sample questions follow.
Sample range is the number of slightly offset shadow maps created to soften the shadow edges.
Sample rate designates the sampling rate.
Sample rate indicates the number of samples captured per second.
Sample rate is selectable and the box has world clock in and out.
Sample rate is the number or frequency of images taken, usually measured in images per second.
Sample rate refers to how often the voltage of the analog signal is measured.
Sample rates are in samples per second.
Sample rates are on-line.
Sample rates are per person based on double occupancy.
Sample rates are per person, double occupancy and exclude tax, service charge and gratuity.
Sample rates can be much lower than required with quadrature incremental encoders.
Sample rates follow.
Sample rates show in each guide are estimates provided by the insurance companies.
Sample rates shown in each guide are estimates provided by the insurance companies.
More sample rates are available.
Sample resolution specifies the accuracy of each amplitude measurement made by the ADC hardware.
Sample return involves many complex manipulations that pose engineering challenges.
Sample sales are addictive, inconvenient, and often humiliating.
Sample size can be a problem.
Sample size can be much larger as well.
Sample size can mean little without a good proportion of that sample responding.
Sample size depends a lot on the resources and other practical considerations.
Sample size depends on the case.
Sample size indicates the number of bits used to encode the amplitude value for each sample.
Sample size is adequate to capture the overall effect of the program in reducing violations.
Sample size is also a concern.
Sample size is also a consideration.
Sample size is also an important factor in an investigation.
Sample size is also critical.
Sample size is also important for economic and ethical reasons.
Sample size is also important.
Sample size is based on the number of sample units in the lot.
Sample size is based upon estimates of the previous year s visitation.
Sample size is determined based on the specific objectives of a given research project.
Sample size is determined, therefore, as the research continues rather than from the outset.
Sample size is especially important when dealing with living cells.
Sample size is important.
Sample size is insufficient to permit a reliable estimate.
Sample size is limited only by the breakthrough volume of the adsorbent.
Sample size is measured in terms of the number of cores of soil constituting the sample.
Sample size is restricted.
Sample size is simply the number of people or units available to be studied.
Sample size is the most valuable time-saving tool for the scout.
Sample size is the number of units.
Sample size is the range of values used to represent each sample, usually expressed in bits.
Sample size is too small.
Sample size is unrestricted, can be as large as required by statistical precision requirements.
Sample size needs for forestry herbicide trials.
Sample size varies slightly by question.
Sample size varies slightly by statistic.
Sample sizes are centrally determined, based on generics' relative price variability and weight.
Sample sizes are different.
Sample sizes are in parentheses.
Sample sizes are often small.
Sample sizes are shown above each bar.
Sample sizes are shown parentheses.
Sample sizes are small.
Sample sizes are too low to conduct a true transect.
Sample sizes can be large enough to enable the researcher to draw conclusions.
Some sample size affects results.
Sample space is the set of all possible outcomes for an experiment.
Sample statistics are numbers which describe the sample.
Sample statistics are random variables that follow some probability distributions.
Sample statistics serve as estimates of the population parameters.
Sample stories are below.
Sample surveys are another key data source.
Sample surveys are much better.
Sample surveys contain information specific to individual patients and provider visits.
All sample surveys are subject to sampling and nonsampling error.
All sample surveys are subject to sampling variability or sampling error.
All sample surveys are subject to two kinds of error.
All sample surveys contain error in the form of bias and variance.
Sample tests perform in laboratories.
Sample text disappears when a visitor clicks inside the text box.
Sample text goes here .
Sample text goes here.
Sample text is included below, in black.
Sample text is provided here for purposes of demonstrating proper format.
Sample text is provided that can be used in creating a wide variety of tree ordinance provisions.
Sample text is provided.
Sample text is shown in the text widget.
Sample texts are in each school.
Some sample theorems follow.
Sample times are programmable.
Sample units are available.
All sample units have a culminating activity.
Sample variability is typically less than population variability.
Sample worksheets are available.
A sample is an example
Sample accounts payable voucher and instructions follow.
Sample answers to last semeter's test.
Sample answers to the final are now on-line.
Sample answers to the midterm are now on-line.
Sample answers to the mid-term test questions are available.
Sample build files,utilities, tips, screenshots are also on the page.
Sample check calculations to ensure the correct Gross salary payments have been made.
Sample copy on request.
Sample copy to convenors available, click .
Sample cover letters for every situation are provided.
Sample designs below.
Sample designs on request.
Sample designs on-line.
Sample exercises and sample self-review questions.
Sample exercises on translation of plays and on setting conclude the unit.
Sample intake questions for career clients who are gay, lesbian or bisexual.
Sample isa example.
Sample lock onto transfer probe via gravity or spring load.
Sample looks pure.
Sample mean - the mean of the sample.
Sample mean, variance and median.
Sample mean, variance, and standard deviation.
Sample means and sample covariances are covered.
Sample recipies online.
Sample resumes and colorful online resumes.
Sample resumes and cover letters plus other kinds of correspondence.
Sample resumes and cover letters.
Sample resumes and how-to's in different formats, and useful key words and phrases.
Sample resumes for different types of job seekers and career fields.
Sample set lists are available.
Sample shown above is approx.
Sample shows complete repeat.
Sample spaces uniform on neighborhoods.
Sample streamline tracing and rear wing wake filaments after two wake relaxations are shown.
Sample syllabi are available on the web for a wide range of topics.
Sample tests No makeups without prior permission.
Sample trickles down to the tip.
Sample wines in the tasting room and enjoy a picnic on the lawn or in the gazebo.
Sample works .
Sample works on site.
Sample write up of a system solution proposal and associated project plan activities.
Samples allow pointers to selected records to be saved in a file for later recall.
Samples also help to determine the color wanted.
Samples are a fad.
Samples are a long-standing promotional device.
Samples are a police car, a radio station van and play blocks.
Samples are actual customer commissions.
Samples are all clear and go very well together.
Samples are already available.
Samples are also at disposal of to scientists.
Samples are also available and work can be customized for teachers.
Samples are also available in fifteen ounce cellulose bags.
Samples are also available.
Samples are also of a very good quality.
Samples are always available for evaluation.
Samples are always available.
Samples are as follows.
Samples are available .
Samples are available as needed.
Samples are available as well as pictures.
Samples are available at a nominal cost.
Samples are available at no cost.
Samples are available at the booth or on request.
Samples are available at the web site.
Samples are available at their Web site.
Samples are available by clicking here.
Samples are available by request.
Samples are available for a cost plus shipping and handling expenses.
Samples are available for a small fee on some invitations.
Samples are available for a small fee plus shipping and handling.
Samples are available for a small fee, which is refundable with a purchase.
Samples are available for all fabrics.
Samples are available for all garments.
Samples are available for categories baseball, latimes, blues and basketball.
Samples are available for distribution to qualified investigators.
Samples are available for download.
Samples are available for downloading from the Website.
Samples are available for downloading.
Samples are available for engineering approval, as necessary.
Samples are available for evaluation upon request .
Samples are available for free download.
Samples are available for free viewing.
Samples are available for further study, on request, from the participating repository.
Samples are available for most belts.
Samples are available for most specifications and colors.
Samples are available for order too.
Samples are available for residents of the U.S. only.
Samples are available for review on the Web.
Samples are available for testing.
Samples are available for viewing.
Samples are available for wholesale purchases only .
Samples are available free of charge.
Samples are available free to the public.
Samples are available from stock.
Samples are available from the Clerks.
Samples are available from the company for evaluation.
Samples are available from the main class page.
Samples are available from the Web site.
Samples are available here .
Samples are available here.
Samples are available in limited quantities.
Samples are available in many introductory books on genealogy.
Samples are available in our office.
Samples are available in the shop.
Samples are available now from stock.
Samples are available now, and production quantities are scheduled for the third quarter.
Samples are available now, with production quantities in six to eight weeks.
Samples are available now.
Samples are available off the shelf.
Samples are available on a quarterly basis.
Samples are available on all the above media products.
Samples are available on request and lots are held on reserve during the evaluation period.
Samples are available on request.
Samples are available on the site.
Samples are available online HERE .
Samples are available online.
Samples are available to assist in size selection.
Samples are available to check out.
Samples are available to media organizations that intend to perform product testing.
Samples are available to qualified retailers.
Samples are available upon request and availability.
Samples are available upon request for any of the above mentioned services.
Samples are available upon request for testing.
Samples are available upon request.
Samples are available, with production quantities available now.
Samples are available. .
Samples are available.
Samples are availible now for viewing.
Samples are below.
Samples are best from the center of a pile.
Samples are currently available for both new packages.
Samples are currently available.
Samples are diverse, ranging from everyday products like meat, to the more exotic, like explosives.
Samples are dried at various times during the growth period.
Samples are easier to collect after tilling the litter.
Samples are easier to collect and it s safer for health care workers.
Samples are easily and conveniently collected at home and require no blood.
Samples are encouraged, since some of the flavors combinations are a bit unusual.
Samples are examples.
Samples are excellent.
Samples are fine, and no big mistuning, only the guitar sounded bad at one part.
Samples are first ground in an iron bowl in a shatterbox swing mill.
Samples are first hydrated and then mixed with a buffer and enzyme.
Samples are first mixed with a test solution and then applied to the enzyme dipstick.
Samples are for color selection only.
Samples are for purchase.
Samples are for representation only.
Samples are for viewing purposes only.
Samples are forthcoming.
Samples are free and prevent the loss of postage due to unanticipated printing problems.
Samples are free of charge.
Samples are free of duty except for valuable samples of dutiable goods.
Samples are free on request.
Samples are free to the public at the cookoff.
Samples are free.
Samples are from both public and personal texts, most of which are written.
Samples are from one sample.
Samples are frozen and then visualized with an electron beam.
Samples are good quality, and the voice is very appropriate and mystical.
Samples are good, the artist plays a lot with volume, and a bit with panning in the middle part.
Samples are good.
Samples are great too.
Samples are great.
Samples are hard enough to handle and wet enough to break.
Samples are here .
Samples are here.
Samples are highly enriched in lung cells of interest.
Samples are in most cases quite clean and free from noise.
Samples are in small labeled zip bags.
Samples are in the professor's office.
Samples are independent if the sampling events have no influence on each other.
Samples are indicative of different aquatic habitats found in the region.
Samples are just one form of objective evidence.
Samples are just that, samples.
Samples are like potato chips.
Samples are limited to one container per patron in any offering.
Samples are limited to small objects or small volumes of larger objects.
Samples are limited to three ounces each.
Samples are lined up on tracks and patterns which are then arranged to a song.
Samples are lined up on tracks and patterns, which are then arranged into a song.
Samples are natural objects.
Samples are necessary for Intergraph product development.
Samples are next freeze-dried.
Samples are no problem.
Samples are non-returnable.
Samples are nothing to special in originality either.
Samples are now available and offered for evaluation.
Samples are now available.
Samples are obtained from the periphery and petrosal sinuses simultaneously.
Samples are octagonal prisms with long axes parallel to the vertical directions of the wells.
Samples are of low quality.
Samples are of super high quality, Instrument usage is incredibly well tailored aswell.
Samples are of untreated water .
Samples are often short and simple, easy to understand.
Samples are ok, nothing more nothing less.
Samples are okay.
Samples are on display of each type.
Samples are on reserve in the library.
Samples are on-line.
Samples are only available to librarians and institutional representatives.
Samples are only fair quality.
Samples are passed around, trucks drive stored goods, gather for a wait.
Samples are prepared for several analyses.
Samples are prepared for testing emulating consumer practices.
Samples are prepared in a trace metal cleanlab.
Samples are prepared in two clean chemical laboratories.
Samples are prepared on a microscope slide by using the sample dispersion chamber.
Samples are primarily from mammal specimens but with smaller numbers of other taxa represented.
Samples are provided by teams.
Samples are quite good, it shows in size too.
Samples are quite good.
Samples are readily available for evaluation.
Samples are readily available from most of the bird food companies.
Samples are ready for colorimetric or titrimetric measurement after a two-hour digestion.
Samples are ready to be measured by titration or by a colorimeter after a two-hour digestion period.
Samples are ready to load into the gels.
Samples are ready to load.
Samples are receipt inspected for any physical damage, proper dimensions, and overall workmanship.
Samples are repeatable.
Samples are Required.
Samples are returnable for credit also.
Samples are safe in transit Transit and protective packaging.
Samples are shown grouped by TNM stage and liver metastases are shown to the right.
Samples are sometimes free, other times at unbelievably low prices.
Samples are stable for at least two weeks.
Samples are stable, even at room temperature.
Samples are suggestive - they can lead to impulse purchases.
Samples are the same as the last study.
Samples are then combined and are assigned sample type codes.
Samples are to be collected in the lagoon using beach seines.
Samples are to be double bagged in an ordinary grocery bag.
Samples are to be found in the study guide.
Samples are to be imported for scientific research purposes.
Samples are to be submitted in screw cap vials with teflon septa to avoid any contamination.
Samples are to be tested using a specific protocol developed in-house.
Samples are travelers.
Samples are typically from human blood or tissue, mouse or rat tail, ear, or other organs.
Samples are typically very small in size and proportion.
Samples are underneath.
Samples are virtually any size.
Samples are water, animal tissue, aerosol particles, vegetation, coal, etc.
Samples are well chosen and sound nicely strung together.
Samples are well picked and go well together.
Samples are well used and worthy of applause.
Samples are, in general, required for first time suppliers, or as otherwise required.
Samples being shipped to the hospital require a no-charge purchase order.
Samples Below are just a few of the many available options.
Samples Below are the images shown with mattes and no frames.
Samples blend together good.
Samples can also be air-dryed.
Samples can be a mix of conducting and non-conducting regions.
Samples can be either liquid or blotted onto PVDF membrane.
Samples can be in a liquid environment, similar to their preparation for visible light microscopy.
Samples can be in gas, liquid, or solid phases.
Samples can be insulators and conductors.
Samples can be photographs, fresh, or pressed herbarium specimens of leaf samples.
Samples can be solid or liquid.
Samples can be solids, liquids or gases.
Samples can be spot-checked for weight and grade verification.
Samples can come from anywhere.
Samples can degrade significantly during extended storage.
Samples can remain stored in liquid nitrogen for years without loss of viability.
Samples Can t judge a book by the cover, that s what they say.
Samples Click Here to see samples of full color business cards created by our customers.
Samples Click on image to see the full size.
Samples Click the name and get the images placed to see by a cross view or a parallel view method.
Samples collect from sites.
Samples come from populations with equal variances.
Samples come in and out everyday and there's always something going on.
Samples come in various flavors.
Samples contain atoms.
Samples contain insect specimens.
Samples contain specimens.
Samples containing antibiotics bind to the antibody and prevents a color change.
Samples containing saliva are the most preferable.
Samples created by members are free.
Samples currently being tested include nursery stock, seed potatoes, and true seed crops.
Samples Cut characters and letters make appealing glass door signage.
Samples decrease in porosity up-section due to an increase in welding.
Samples demonstrate the students' ability to communicate in different ways.
Samples display opposite patterns.
Samples display patterns.
Samples Do as much sample preparation as possible before entering the lab.
Samples enter the lab, data is entered about the patient including demographics and billing.
Samples exhibit characteristics.
Samples exhibit different characteristics.
Samples exhibit surface characteristics.
Samples exhibit varying levels of saturation.
Samples follow below.
Samples giving no evidence of being disturbed can give wrong dates.
Samples glow under long wave fluorescent light.
Samples go in and come out easily.
Samples Go to sample page .
Samples have characteristics.
Samples have concentration.
Samples have mass.
Samples have properties.
Samples have results.
Samples have similar characteristics.
Samples have to be saved for at least ten years.
Samples having commercial value are liable to normal duty.
Samples help to make it easy to turn guidelines into products.
Samples Here are a few of our many special fabrications and polished items.
Samples here are low resolution and are of lower quality than the actual mandalas.
Samples here are low resolution and are of lower quality than the actual posters.
Samples Here are some letters others have written.
Samples Here are some nice examples of Visiting cards.
Samples Here are some thumbnail samples of our work.
Samples include blood.
Samples indicate differences.
Samples intentionally exclude qualifying events.
Samples normally have just the schema name with a .xml extension.
Samples normally require no special preparation and are simply placed in a tray for analysis.
Samples normally required are from both grandparents.
Samples ofart, and a discussion board are available.
Samples open up so many new possibilities for a live show.
Samples overlap the edge or boundary of the stand.
Samples paid in full have priority over research samples.
Samples pass through small beads that have pores specially designed for protein separation.
Samples placed at the beamline exit window can be X-ray analyzed in air.
Samples play a significant role in establishing the identity of the album.
Samples play an important in the first couple of tracks.
Samples presently being analyzed include natural waters, carbonate rocks and clay minerals.
Samples proceed from the front right to the left rear of the fabrication and test facility.
Samples provide a quick guide guide to making links.
Samples range in age from preCambrian to Recent and come from localities worldwide.
Samples Read what our customers are saying about our Screen Saver Tools.
Samples represent different geological areas of Canada.
Samples represent only the general characteristics of the natural product.
Samples require conditions.
Samples require examinations.
Samples require further examinations.
Samples require minimal preparation.
Samples require special handling or advanced level of expertise are price-negotiated.
Samples required are from both alleged twin parties being tested.
Samples required are from both parties from whom the relationship is to be determined.
Samples reveal little variation.
Samples reveal variation.
Samples run automatically after intial protocol setup.
Samples See some of our work.
Samples seem to last for weeks to years if kept in the dark.
Samples shed light.
Samples show behaviour.
Samples show chlorophyll.
Samples show conditions.
Samples show differences.
Samples show different behaviour.
Samples show lower chlorophyll.
Samples show mechanical behaviour.
Samples show reaction.
Samples show results.
Samples show several patterns for navigating and extracting specific data.
Samples show some student progress and some knowledge of netiquette.
Samples show student progress and some knowledge of netiquette.
Samples show subtle differences.
Samples show symptoms.
Samples show that most murders take place in houses.
Samples show that, unless treated, the water is too salty for residential use.
Samples show trends.
Samples showing a wide variety of creatures and action are desirable.
Samples shown here are from areas indicated on the maps above .
Samples shown reflect a variety of dating materials, physical settings, and depth to sampling.
Samples sound a little too muffled to be worthy of a higer score.
Samples sound quite the same as in the original version, with lower quality ofcourse.
Samples support growth patterns.
Samples support patterns.
Samples Take a few moments to download the Real Audio Player .
Samples taken in the band can greatly overestimate the overall fertility of a site.
Samples then go to the new spectrometer for analysis.
Samples tissue from organism is ground up and analyzed using some extremely complex equipment.
Samples Try the following examples and sample applications.
Samples Use blue streamer.
Samples use in experiments.
Samples use protocols.
Samples use standard protocols.
Samples vary greatly, from a minuscule fragment of tissue to an entire eyeball.
All samples appear with tracknumber, indexnumber, name and length.
All samples appear with tracknumber, indexnumber, name, length and tempo or tune.
All samples are a combination of a source and a treatment.
All samples are about one minute long.
All samples are biased, just in different ways.
All samples are composites collected throughout the entire reach.
All samples are decalcified.
All samples are duty-free samples, so very legal.
All samples are for reference use only.
All samples are free.
All samples are from CDs.
All samples are from our regular production lines.
All samples are great, and fit nicely with the others.
All samples are in format.
All samples are in highest quality .
All samples are in Roman alphabet.
All samples are in wave format and downloadable.
All samples are of good quality.
All samples are of superb quality and the music is perfect and layed out very good.
All samples are of very good quality.
All samples are OK and tracking technique is on the highest level.
All samples are origional.
All samples are properly disposed of after each trial.
All samples are public domain, so use em however ya want.
All samples are readable and many are printed actual size.
All samples are returnable upon request.
All samples are stereo, currently only in .wav format.
All samples are stereo.
All samples are subject to availability.
All samples are to be obtained from the areas of greatest visual contamination.
All samples are to be top mounted.
All samples contain a little illite.
All samples decay naturally to silence.
All samples feature the same rhythm.
All samples follow a strict storage and analysis schedule.
All samples have a short uneffected phrase before the x-ray is engaged.
All samples have different features both as to quality and to time of production.
All samples have large variability.
All samples have same amount of drying time.
All samples have the same frequency distribution.
All samples have zero or close to zero total magnetization at remanence.
All samples produced have exactly the same composition.
All samples receive a confirmatory test to reduce the chance of a false result.
All samples require registration.
All samples roll over the same melody line, and there's SHIT done with it.
All samples show a fine homogeneous tempered martensitic microstructure with a prior austenite.
All samples shown are gzip-ed to shorten download time.
All samples shown remain the property of their respective owners.
All samples sound clear.
Every sample is associated with a Region.
Every sample is beautiful and used in a very convincing and realistic way.
Every sample is of the same size.
Every sample is positive until proven otherwise.
Every sample is run over a test chip and analyzed prior to expression analysis.
Every sample is run using two independent analyses to confirm the compound's identity.
Every sample is subject to sampling variation.
Many samples also have unequal probabilities of selection, or are drawn from finite populations.
Many samples are also low in Ca and Na.
Many samples are hygroscopic, absorbing atmospheric moisture during handling.
Many samples consist of distinct materials or layers, which are analyzed separately.
Many samples contain mixtures of pesticides.
Many samples have thin sections.
Many samples have tiers of lanes.
Many samples perish on the way to the lab.
Many samples use multi-effects processing.
More samples allow more tries at insemination.
More samples appear in metastorm which moves with a somehow jerkier syncopation.
More samples are available on request.
More samples are forthcoming.
More samples are necessary to make specific recommendations.
More samples are to be collected and further tests performed.
Most samples are about a quart.
Most samples are also of the much more problematic basal or crown rot stage.
Most samples are available for further analyses.
Most samples are from poorly drained, compacted areas.
Most samples are just terrible noises.
Most samples are loaded into specially designed straws for freezing in liquid nitrogen vapor.
Most samples are provided by teams.
Most samples collect from sites.
Most samples contain atoms.
Most samples contain insect specimens.
Most samples contain specimens.
Most samples display opposite patterns.
Most samples display patterns.
Most samples exhibit different characteristics.
Most samples exhibit severe blackening and collapse of the new growth .
Most samples exhibit surface characteristics.
Most samples have a white fluffy pellet.
Most samples have characteristics.
Most samples have concentration.
Most samples have full ecological data.
Most samples have links to additional resources.
Most samples have mass.
Most samples have properties.
Most samples have results.
Most samples have similar characteristics.
Most samples have to be cultured and re-cultured for proper identification.
Most samples indicate differences.
Most samples require chemical processing before they can be analysed.
Most samples require conditions.
Most samples require examinations.
Most samples require further examinations.
Most samples reveal little variation.
Most samples reveal variation.
Most samples seem to blend very well in.
Most samples shed light.
Most samples show behaviour.
Most samples show chlorophyll.
Most samples show conditions.
Most samples show differences.
Most samples show different behaviour.
Most samples show lower chlorophyll.
Most samples show mechanical behaviour.
Most samples show reaction.
Most samples show results.
Most samples show subtle differences.
Most samples show symptoms.
Most samples show trends.
Most samples support growth patterns.
Most samples support patterns.
Most samples use in experiments.
Most samples use protocols.
Most samples use standard protocols.
Some samples sometimes crackle.
Some sample applets.
Some sample episodes.
Some sample loops.
Some sample scripts Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Some samples aggregate on boiling.
Some samples already are on hand for immediate study.
Some samples appear below.
Some samples are available for viewing and comment.
Some samples are below, followed by suggestions for further reading.
Some samples are below.
Some samples are better than others.
Some samples are eaten by predators.
Some samples are filters and some are applications.
Some samples are in pdf format.
Some samples are of good quality but most samples used are too boistered.
Some samples are on the right.
Some samples are prepared in ultra-high vacuum while others are made electrochemically.
Some samples are presented in tables.
Some samples become liquids.
Some samples collect during breed seasons.
Some samples collect during centuries.
Some samples collect during seasons.
Some samples collect from cows.
Some samples collect from crime scenes.
Some samples collect from different locations.
Some samples collect from howlers.
Some samples collect from individuals.
Some samples collect from locations.
Some samples collect from mothers.
Some samples collect from parks.
Some samples collect from participants.
Some samples collect from scenes.
Some samples collect from terrapins.
Some samples collect from yaks.
Some samples collect in afternoons.
Some samples collect in fields.
Some samples collect in late afternoons.
Some samples come from cases.
Some samples come from criminal cases.
Some samples come from tests.
Some samples confirm infection.
Some samples consist of individuals.
Some samples contain aluminum.
Some samples contain chemicals.
Some samples contain elements.
Some samples contain endogenous peroxidase or phosphatase enzyme.
Some samples contain glucose.
Some samples contain metal.
Some samples contain other elements.
Some samples contain phosphate.
Some samples contain pollen.
Some samples contain proteins.
Some samples contain quartz.
Some samples contain rare subhedral, heavily oxidized hornblende.
Some samples contain shell fossils.
Some samples contain trace metal.
Some samples contain transition metal.
Some samples correspond to limitations.
Some samples correspond to nutrient limitations.
Some samples demonstrate patterns.
Some samples describe situations.
Some samples detect matter.
Some samples detect particulate matter.
Some samples display crystals of amphibole, pyroxene, and olivene.
Some samples exhibit individual rods stacking to form a filament-like structure.
Some samples follow.
Some samples generate results.
Some samples have a border edge, so the center of the star is different from the points.
Some samples have a strong pleochroism from blue to colorless.
Some samples have a very short holding time.
Some samples have chances.
Some samples have density.
Some samples have different length.
Some samples have dimensions.
Some samples have evidence for minor amounts of hematite.
Some samples have food.
Some samples have length.
Some samples have levels.
Some samples have low levels.
Some samples have ranges.
Some samples have same dimensions.
Some samples have same temperature.
Some samples have specific stains that accentuate particular features of the organism.
Some samples have temperature.
Some samples have tendencies.
Some samples have to be processed tonight and the rest have to be stored correctly.
Some samples have values.
Some samples have versions.
Some samples have water.
Some samples help diagnoses.
Some samples identify people.
Some samples indicate conditions.
Some samples indicate fermentation.
Some samples indicate infection.
Some samples indicate occurrences.
Some samples involve samples.
Some samples limit field observations.
Some samples limit observations.
Some samples provide patterns.
Some samples reach equilibrium.
Some samples reach thermal equilibrium.
Some samples reduce variability.
Some samples reflect likelihood.
Some samples require different fixation or handling procedures.
Some samples require time to dissolve after reconstitution and before analysis.
Some samples require urine.
Some samples retain shapes.
Some samples reveal patterns.
Some samples reveal presence.
Some samples reveal similar patterns.
Some samples show bands in addition to the prominent allelic ones.
Some samples show behavior.
Some samples show characters.
Some samples show conductivity.
Some samples show different patterns.
Some samples show logs.
Some samples show lower values.
Some samples show patterns.
Some samples show similar patterns.
Some samples show values.
Some samples solve problems.
Some samples use devices.
Some samples use features.
Some samples use kits.
Some samples use methods.
Some samples yield answers.
Sampled dialogue is uttered by shuttle captains sporting afros and sunglasses.
A sampler is a station
Sampler contains one l lb.
Sampler includes all equipment.
Sampler is located at the center and is shown below in more detail.
Sampler is now full.
Sampler Just click on any image or name to obtain the full size image.
Samplers also scan bottle labels that are used to collect the soil for each sample.
Samplers are an interesting part of our history.
Samplers are assortments.
Samplers are available for all five versions.
Samplers are available in different sizes, including an assortment containing one of each piece.
Samplers are available in three pre-packaged sets or individually.
Samplers are available, and it looks like they rotated their beer types regularly.
Samplers are embroidery.
Samplers are ground and come in vacuum-sealed, festive foil colors.
Samplers are like computers in many ways.
Samplers are the way to go.
Samplers can do wonderful things.
Samplers go to as many different readers as they can afford, asking the same questions of all.
Samplers have many other features.
Samplers offer some advantages over more conventional types of media.
Samplers provide an opportunity to experiment with different threads and stitches.
Samplers test or inspect a sample for malfunctions or defects during a batch or production run.
Samplers use overhead transparencies instead of slides.
Samplers usually suck big hairy eyeballs.
Many samplers are amazing examples of intricate needlework.
Many samplers survive today.
Most samplers allow for polyphony , the playing of several notes at once.
Some samplers collect one composite sample per section or one per quarter-section.
Some samplers have a limitation in the amount of characters a program name can have.
Sampling error Can contain disproportionate number of males, females, elderly, etc.
Sampling methods Needs the source of data for sampling methods.
Sampling rates are rates.
Sampling techniques are important to obtain a representative sample of the feed.
Sampling techniques are prone to false-negative results by their very nature.
Sampling techniques are the answer.
Sampling techniques depend on the sample matrix, and also upon what questions are being asked.
Sampling techniques is critical to hydrometer use.
Sampling techniques vary according to feed type.
Any sampling technique has an element of randomness.
Sampling are choices.
Sampling are measurements.
Samply publications are available, and of particular interest is the status of women in the states .
SAMS Publishing deserves complimenting on both publications.
Samsaric bondage is given rise to.
Samsonite luggage is worldclass suitcase designer.
Samsung camera offers tips on how to take the perfect candid holiday photo.
Samsung company profile all products product est.
Samsung refrigerators preserve nutrition and promote health.
Samtec products are subject to the following general specifications and standard test procedures.
Samui island is also approximately one hour south of Bangkok by air.
Samurai bonds are yen-denominated bonds issued in Japan by overseas governments or companies.
A samurai is aristocracy
Samurai hulls parchment only when more green beans are needed for roasting.
Samurai tend to freak out during thunderstorms, just like the family dog.
SANs allow data to be centralized and shared among various servers throughout an enterprise.
SANs allow for scaling without proportionate increases in staff.
SANs also allow sharing the storage infrastructure, without implying data sharing.
SANs also enable higher performance solutions such as data warehousing.
SANs also make it easier to conduct online backups without users feeling the bandwidth pinch.
Sans also presents two-day training programs in several cities.
SANs are a proven way for companies to get the most from their data storage investment.
SANs are a type of neural network that uses sensors for inputs and outputs to actuators.
SANs are an infrastructure to themselves.
SANs are big, really big.
SANs are certainly a very interesting application for RPRs.
SANs are evolutionary.
SANs are expensive, and prices vary widely.
SANs are high-speed dedicated networks optimized for storage.
SANS are much more than switches, and disks and controllers.
SANs are networked storage infrastructures designed to de-couple servers from storage systems.
Sans are rivers.
SANs are the shape of the future for all distributed computing environments.
SANs are the solution.
SANs can provide many benefits.
SANs continue to attract new customers.
Sans diversiti culturelle, il y a stirilisation de l'imagination.
SANs give users a way to inexpensively scale their data storage capacity.
SANs involve changing storage devices, network infrastructure and software.
Sans is fluent in English and French, and also speaks several other languages.
SANs let IT planners proactively allocate logical storage to servers.
SANs make a very efficient transmission medium.
SANs move data to a more prominent position in the enterprise.
SANs normally contain storage devices, servers, and switches.
SANs offer many benefits today, and promise to offer even greater benefits in the future.
SANs offer several key benefits, starting with their role in disaster recovery.
SANs offload the storage devices from the main corporate network to a specialized back-end network.
Sans poundage aside Spacey is still one of America's finest living actors.
SANs promise a scaleable mechanism for recentralizing enterprise data storage.
SANs promise to help provide a solution to that fundamental problem.
SANs provide a methodology for modeling large systems with interacting components.
SANs provide a very efficient pipe for moving data offsite or between sites.
SANs provide a very unique means to manage that data.
SANs provide data-intensive storage solutions without affecting network operations.
SANs provide highly reliable arbitrated storage systems on their own subnetwork.
SANs provide many advantages over the traditional streaming and routing switch distribuion systems.
SANs provide physical connectivity between storage islands.
SANs provide shared, scalable storage in a networked environment.
SANs provide the ability to deploy flexible, fault-tolerant storage systems with great performance.
SANs represent a key new technology for the information economy.
SANs represent the near future of network storage technology.
SANs require additional hardware interfaces in each machine. . . .
SANs often deploy redundant drives, switches, and channels to provide failover service.
Most SANs require applications specifically designed to support the underlying hardware.
A sanatorium is a hospital
Every sanatorium is furnished with a music-filled coffee house and night clubs with dance music.
Sanctification can also be selfish.
Sanctification can easily slip into a refined pantheism when the personhood of the believer is lost.
Sanctification comes a step at a time.
Sanctification delivers from the power and dominion of sin.
Sanctification destroys the desire to sin and is obtainable by faith.
Sanctification follows true justification.
Sanctification involves a real change of qualities and disposition.
Sanctification involves death, death to self, death to the ego.
Sanctification involves separation from the world and sin.
Sanctification is a blessed process.
Sanctification is a complete, instantaneous second work of grace subsequent to salvation.
Sanctification is a consecrating of the new life and a dying out to our self life.
Sanctification is a daily work.
Sanctification is a gift just as salvation is a gift.
Sanctification is a great blessing.
Sanctification is a growing experience for growing people.
Sanctification is a guaranteed result of our justification.
Sanctification is a one-two step.
Sanctification is a personal reward that follows personal righteousness .
Sanctification is a process.
Sanctification is a purging or cleansing process .
Sanctification is a religious ritual
Sanctification is a term of frequent use in the Bible.
Sanctification is a theological term for being set apart.
Sanctification is a Trinitarian act.
Sanctification is a war-time word.
Sanctification is also by faith.
Sanctification is an ongoing work - cf.
Sanctification is as gracious as justification.
Sanctification is both a completed and a progressive work.
Sanctification is both a crisis and a process.
Sanctification is both a privilege and a duty .
Sanctification is both a process and an event in our lives.
Sanctification is effected by all the virtues, by which also sins are taken away.
Sanctification is for service.
Sanctification is glorification begun.
Sanctification is glory in the seed, and glory is sanctification in the flower.
Sanctification is growth.
Sanctification is infinitely more than crisis.
Sanctification is initiated at the moment of justification and regeneration.
Sanctification is justification in action.
Sanctification is moral or experimental, justification is legal or judicial.
Sanctification is more than a spiritual nicety.
Sanctification is never the basis of our hope.
Sanctification is pictured in the holiness laws of the nation of Israel.
Sanctification is progressive, subjective and partial.
Sanctification is progressive.
Sanctification is religious ceremony.
Sanctification is separation from sin.
Sanctification is subsequent to justification.
Sanctification is the inward purification of that person.
Sanctification is the necessary counterpart to justification, or the forgiveness of sins.
Sanctification is the outgrowth of gods unmerited mercy.
Sanctification is the present portion of salvation.
Sanctification is the process of becoming holy.
Sanctification is the process of getting out of sin and being made holy.
Sanctification is the result of justification.
Sanctification is the result of lifelong obedience.
Sanctification is the word used to describe the process of kicking the habit of sin.
Sanctification is the word used to describe the process of something or someone becoming holy.
Sanctification is the work of a lifetime.
Sanctification is therefore the result of a relationship.
Sanctification is two things.
Sanctification is what makes a 'saint' to differ from an 'aint'.
Sanctification is what The Purity Ring is all about.
Sanctification means more than being freed from sin.
Sanctification means purification or holiness.
Sanctification means to be made holy.
Sanctification naturally leads to a life of good works.
Sanctification never replaces justification.
Sanctification plays an important part in our salvation.
Sanctification requires cooperating with divine grace in doing good works.
Sanctification restores our original righteousness.
Sanctified men are the salt of society and the saviours of the race.
Sanctimonious strictures suit fewer and fewer people.
A sanctimoniousness is hypocrisy
Sanctimoniousness develops from the belief that intellect can be spiritually sanctified.
A sanction is commendation
Sanction also includes a powerful find feature for locating specific items.
Sanction also offers great flexibility in terms of launching a particular exhibit.
Sanction has moral power.
Sanction includes everything needed to create trial presentations.
Sanction is easy to use, reliable and feature-rich.
Sanctions account for a significant percentage of falling caseloads in some states.
Sanctions aim to break the link between illict diamond sales and conflict.
Sanctions also have a history of failing.
Sanctions also offer a more acceptable alternative to military intervention.
Sanctions also warn others that proliferation entails costs.
Sanctions also work, in a different sense, when they embolden dissidents in their internal struggle.
Sanctions apply primarily to the government of Sudan.
Sanctions apply to borrowers who return books late.
Sanctions are a blunt and failed instrument.
Sanctions are a blunt instrument.
Sanctions are a brutal act of war.
Sanctions are a collection of penalties for forcing compliance with moral authorities.
Sanctions are a counter-productive, bankrupt concept that has led to unacceptable human suffering.
Sanctions are a flawed instrument, misapplied, poorly enforced and monitored.
Sanctions are a form of punishment through economic sabotage and outright economic war.
Sanctions are a legitimate tool of diplomacy.
Sanctions are a legitimate tool of our foreign policy.
Sanctions are a mixed bag.
Sanctions are a new weapon of racism and colonial domination.
Sanctions are a notoriously blunt policy instrument.
Sanctions are a security issue.
Sanctions are a tough call.
Sanctions are a weapon of mass destruction.
Sanctions are additional tariffs or trading bans between countries.
Sanctions are also a human rights violation.
Sanctions are amongst the most powerful and lethal weapons in our armoury.
Sanctions are anachronistic and counter-productive.
Sanctions are another factor influencing trade.
Sanctions are appropriate to deter litigants from disregarding discovery requests.
Sanctions are appropriate.
Sanctions are approval.
Sanctions are authorization.
Sanctions are available for nonattendance.
Sanctions are blunt policy tools that are easily circumvented.
Sanctions are code of conduct.
Sanctions are commensurate with the level and pervasiveness of harm.
Sanctions are counterproductive and have no positive impact on the leadership.
Sanctions are cumulative and can carry over from year to year.
Sanctions are difficult for member states to impose within their own national legal systems.
Sanctions are easy to misrepresent as innocuous, as is the case with the sanctions on Iraq.
Sanctions are extreme actions.
Sanctions are final, binding and non-appealable.
Sanctions are genocide, pure and simple.
Sanctions are governmental.
Sanctions are important to companies.
Sanctions are in the form of tickets or summons.
Sanctions are Ineffective.
Sanctions are less effective on autocratic governments than on democratic ones.
Sanctions are like burning down a forest to kill a deer.
Sanctions are limited to student housing settings.
Sanctions are mandatory under U.S. law when an undeclared nuclear state explodes a nuclear device.
Sanctions are neither a panacea nor are they cost free.
Sanctions are now in place indefinitely, with no review process scheduled for their suspension .
Sanctions are of limited value.
Sanctions are one of several policy options for influencing the behavior of foreign governments.
Sanctions are part of the problem.
Sanctions are penalties and rewards for conduct concerning a social norm.
Sanctions are pending.
Sanctions are perfectly legal.
Sanctions are retribution.
Sanctions are social control.
Sanctions are sometimes ineffective and they often hurt the wrong people.
Sanctions are still on Iraq.
Sanctions are terrible.
Sanctions are the best among a bad set of alternatives.
Sanctions are the economic nuclear bomb.
Sanctions are the greatest single weapon of mass destruction at work in the world today.
Sanctions are the leverage the international community has to get the government of Iraq to comply.
Sanctions are the main issue now.
Sanctions are the most critical element of containment.
Sanctions are the motives to obedience.
Sanctions are the new growth sector in the discovery industry.
Sanctions are the worst weapons of mass destruction.
Sanctions are truly a U.S. weapon of mass destruction.
Sanctions are unfair or inappropriate.
Sanctions are war.
Sanctions are within judge's discretion.
Sanctions bite deeper among ordinary folk than they do among the well-cushioned military elite.
Sanctions block U.S. firms from participating in Sudan's oil trade.
Sanctions can be of a fixed or variable length, depending on the type of sanction.
Sanctions can be very effective if they're targeted right.
Sanctions can include a written reprimand, probation, suspension, or revocation.
Sanctions can include an award of attorneys fees and, in very extreme cases, incarceration.
Sanctions can include fines as well as incarceration.
Sanctions can include fines, forfeiture of rights, and imprisonment.
Sanctions can include reprimand, termination of assistance, or a ban on future eligibility.
Sanctions can kill more people than actual warfare.
Sanctions can only work as part of a broader strategy.
Sanctions can only work, it seems, where there is a public opinion to influence.
Sanctions can range from suspension to expulsion.
Sanctions cause Montana to lose cattle markets and to incur unnecessary expense.
Sanctions clearly have the capacity to be an offensive weapon.
Sanctions commensurate with conditions certified.
Sanctions consist of rewards and punishments.
Sanctions constitute critical leverage for the Cuban people to achieve a democratic transition.
Sanctions continue to kill people.
Sanctions continue to malnourish and kill.
Sanctions contribute to massive poverty, unemployment, widespread disease and malnutrition.
Sanctions create animosity toward the United States.
Sanctions create artificial prices especially in high-demand goods.
Sanctions currently prohibit U.S. farmers from exporting to six markets.
Sanctions demonstrate that there are immediate consequences for inappropriate behavior.
Sanctions designed to stem the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction are a prime example.
Sanctions destroy human society.
Sanctions destroy Islamic and Iraqi family values.
Sanctions do exist against the mistreatment of wives.
Sanctions do that job nicely.
Sanctions encourage isolation, alienation and fanaticism.
Sanctions encourage isolation, alienation and possibly fanaticism.
Sanctions encourage isolation, alienation, possibly fanaticism.
Sanctions escalate in severity as noncompliance continues.
Sanctions establish and promote violations of human rights in undemocratic regimes.
Sanctions exist against both direct and indirect racial discrimination.
Sanctions express commitment to norms of international conduct, human rights, and nonaggression.
Sanctions flip our exports on and off like a light switch.
Sanctions follow violations and are applied as close to the time of failure as possible.
Sanctions forbid Iraq from maintaining and repairing the system in a timely manner.
Sanctions go beyond rhetoric and promises, and converts policy into action.
Sanctions hamper our efforts to engage India.
Sanctions have a bad reputation and a worse history as a policy instrument for effecting change.
Sanctions have a key role.
Sanctions have been imposed, an undeclared war is on, the general elections are a round the corner.
Sanctions have failed, so Tokyo needs a new strategy.
Sanctions have little chance of bringing about the desired change in trade policy.
Sanctions have yet to be imposed in any cases.
Sanctions help to promote a bunker mentality in Cuba.
Sanctions hold students accountable for behavior which violate university policies.
Sanctions hurt families - for real.
Sanctions hurt Iraq .
Sanctions hurt the Iraqi regime.
Sanctions ignore diplomacy, ignore multilateralism, and ignore the benefits of engagement.
Sanctions impact agricultural producers in several ways that have both short and long term affects.
Sanctions impose artificial famine.
Sanctions imposed by the federal government are another significant factor.
Sanctions mildly weaken the strongest of a society and kill the weakest.
Sanctions prevent travel to the Muslim holy sites in southern Iraq.
Sanctions probably inflict as much harm at home as they do on the target country.
Sanctions prohibit humanitarian contributions to Iraq.
Sanctions prohibit the import of pencils, books and journals, and desks for schools.
Sanctions Proliferate More trouble lies ahead.
Sanctions provide a middle road response between diplomacy and military action.
Sanctions provide the final lessons for students found responsible of a misdeed.
Sanctions range from a verbal warning to suspension or expulsion.
Sanctions range from a warning to striking off.
Sanctions range from counseling and reprimand to termination of employment.
Sanctions range from dismissal of charges to disciplinary expulsion.
Sanctions range from dismissal to a reprimand.
Sanctions range from email suspension for a designated period of time to loss of privileges.
Sanctions range from imprisonment to death.
Sanctions range from loss of a grade or more to being dropped from the class.
Sanctions range from official warnings through suspension and dismissal.
Sanctions range from page removal to loss of network access.
Sanctions range from reprimand, censure and suspension without pay, to removal from judicial office.
Sanctions range from reprimands to expulsion.
Sanctions range from warning and probation to expulsion.
Sanctions range from warnings to expulsion from the university.
Sanctions reinforce such norms by holding the aggressors accountable.
Sanctions remain a key tool in the international community's efforts on behalf of peace in Angola.
Sanctions remain a real, live option if there is a finding of sanctionability.
Sanctions remain and as does increased regulatory attention where merited.
Sanctions remain in effect.
Sanctions remain in place.
Sanctions remain largely in place against Pakistan.
Sanctions remain strong.
Sanctions remain the world's only leverage over a ruthless and bellicose tyrant.
Sanctions represent a misapplication of how to shape behavior, e.g. punishing the wrong target.
Sanctions states that fail to make progress by withdrawing a portion of their administrative funds.
Sanctions take effect immediately regarding all new business in the public and private sectors.
Sanctions take time to work.
Sanctions tend to be a blunt instrument that often produce unintended and undesirable consequences.
Sanctions thus punish an entire population, targeting children most of all.
Sanctions typically restrict or prohibit commercial trade with the United States or U.S. businesses.
Sanctions undermine U.S. interests , both in Iraq and throughout the region.
Sanctions undermine U.S. interests, both in Iraq and throughout the region.
Sanctions vary by board of nursing.
Sanctions vary depending upon the scope of the violation.
Sanctions vary from getting an F for the assignment to getting an F for the whole course.
Sanctions vary widely depending on the particular circumstances of each case.
Sanctions vary widely, from a written warning to a complete takeover of failing schools.
Sanctions violate international law - quotations from the Geneva Conventions and more.
Sanctions violate international law and humanitarian law.
Sanctions work when powerful countries band together to isolate a rogue government.
Sanctions often are ineffective unless they are supported by other key countries.
Sanctions sometimes injure innocent parties.
All sanctions are cumulative and based on previous judicial records.
All sanctions are cumulative.
All sanctions are mandatory.
All sanctions are subject to appeal as outlined in the student grievance procedure.
All sanctions listed there are applicable.
All sanctions remain in place until an appeal is brought to civil court.
Any sanctions imposed upon another for sexual assault is a matter of public information.
Many sanctions barring sales of military goods remain.
Most sanctions have humanitarian consequences on the civilian population of the targeted country.
Sanctity comes by association with the saints.
Sanctity demands separation, a departure from the mundane.
Sanctity here is about combining sacredness with physical endeavors.
Sanctity is from another source entirely.
Sanctity is profaned.
Sanctity is quality
Sanctity means holiness or godliness.
Sanctity means more than just respect.
Sanctuary barn offers natural history displays and visitors center.
Sanctuary base has high value but also the highest technical challenge.
Sanctuary boundaries begin three miles offshore from either cape.
Sanctuary boundaries extend from mean high tide to six nautical miles offshore each island.
Sanctuary building is similar to monument building in Pharaoh, but with considerably less hassle.
Sanctuary designation provides for the comprehensive management of exceptional marine resources.
Sanctuary dogs are predominantly owner turn ins.
Sanctuary enforcement is still unresolved.
Sanctuary entrance is located five houses past the park on the right.
Sanctuary entrance is on the left.
Sanctuary flooring is a marble mosaic.
Sanctuary habitats abound with life from tiny plankton to blue whales.
Sanctuary horses are never subject to adoption, they are here for the remainder of their lives.
Sanctuary officials are a hapless lot.
Sanctuary parking is one mile on right.
Sanctuary regulations restrict daily landings and space is quite limited.
Sanctuary research includes many disciplines of physical, natural, and social sciences.
Sanctuary staff collaborate with the local landowners to control access to the site.
Sanctuary staff plan a special meeting to fully discuss the issue with a panel of experts.
Sanctuary staff provide educational programs for all ages, from pre-school though adult.
Sanctuary volunteers work a long day, seven days a week, in primitive conditions.
Sanctuary waves lap on the shores of many sandy beaches up and down the California coast.
A sanctuary is an area
Sanctuaries accept adoptable and nonadoptable pets in which none are destroyed.
Sanctuaries are a private, nonprofit organization funded by donations and grants.
Sanctuaries are located in churchs.
Sanctuaries are more restrictive.
Sanctuaries are nonprofit organizations with limited space and resources.
Sanctuaries are open to the general public dawn to dusk and admission is free.
Sanctuaries are places where manatees can rest and feed undisturbed.
Sanctuaries are places.
Sanctuaries attract ducks.
Sanctuaries currently exist for sea grass, blue crab and black sea bass.
Sanctuaries harbor a dazzling array of algae, plants, and animals.
Sanctuaries harbor a fascinating array of plants and animals, from the great whales to tiny krill.
Sanctuaries have animals.
Sanctuaries have numerous wild animals.
Sanctuaries have wild animals.
Sanctuaries nourish the soul with a sense of play.
Sanctuaries Now Thrive on Tampa Bay.
Sanctuaries preserve scenery that ranges from the interesting to the spectacular.
Sanctuaries provide a lifetime home for horses.
Sanctuary isa location.
All sanctuaries have either permanent staff or designated contacts within state government.
Many sanctuaries have observation towers.
Many sanctuaries sponsor programs aimed at teaching children respect and compassion for animals.
Most sanctuaries are full, or near capacity.
Most sanctuaries attract ducks.
Most sanctuaries charge only a nominal fee or nothing at all.
Most sanctuaries have animals.
Most sanctuaries have numerous wild animals.
Most sanctuaries have wild animals.
Most sanctuaries perform one or more banishings before beginning their Masses.
Most sanctuaries prohibit activities such as oil drilling, but allow fishing with few restraints.
Some sanctuaries have cats.
Some sanctuaries make headlines.
Some sanctuaries offer assembly programs.
Some sanctuaries possess koalas.
Some sanctuaries save rhinos.
Some sanctuaries share goals.
Some sanctuaries support schools.
Some sanctuaries surround towns.
A sanctum is a place
Sancta dei genitrix ora pro nobis.
Sancta katherina ora.
Sanctum expects to close a fourth round by the spring.
Sanctum has everything going for it.
Sanctum is a two-player online game.
Sanctum is a two-player strategic collectible card board game, played only online.
Sanctum is focused solely on beefing up application security.
Sanctum is in good company.
Sanctum is primarily a game of strategy and luck.
Sanctum is the established leader in automated Web application control and security software.
Sanctum is the first company providing a viable defense against web application perversion.
Sanctum offers software solutions for the defense against the perversion of Web applications.
Sanctum offers software that is the first viable defense against the perversion of Web applications.
Sanctums are retreats.
Sand art is very easy to make and pretty too.
Sand bags appear to have little effect in keeping the flood water away.
Sand bags can penetrate the windshield of an impacting car and cause injury or death.
Sand banks are shallow, sandy areas without much vegetation or sea life where dolphins often live.
A sand bar is a bar
Sand bars are banks.
Sand bars are natural things.
Sand bars are offshore shoals of sand deposited with slower moving water.
Sand bars begin to appear.
Sand bars begin to form.
Sand bars form on the inside of river curves.
Sand bass are fairly abundant and provide exciting action, especially during their spring migration.
Sand baths are a great idea both for entertainment and coat health.
Sand baths are great for hamsters.
Sand Bay is also good right now.
Sand Beach is a small beach, bounded by rocky headlands near the village of Bar Harbor.
Sand Beach is on the far shore just above the rocks.
Sand Beach persists in a sheltered cove.
Sand beaches are home to many types of burrowing organisms.
Sand beaches are off limits to all wheeled vehicles, but walk-in access is available.
Sand beaches are vulnerable to erosion and kill the vegetation underneath.
Sand boxes are cool.
Sand boxes are great.
Sand boxes provide great opportunities for creative, cooperative play and fine motor development.
Sand burs are annuals that reproduce by seed.
Sand burs dominate bottom topography.
Sand castles are great.
Sand castles look beautiful until the tide comes in.
A sand cat is a wildcat
Sand cats are felines.
Sand cats are mammals.
Sand cats are nocturnal, resting by day in burrows that theydig or modify.
Sand cats are well adapted to desert conditions.
Sand cats are wildcats.
Sand cats have a long history of living in North American zoos, but have been poorly managed.
Sand cats have a low-pitched meow, but can also bark to communicate at long distances.
A sand cherry is a bush
Sand cherries make good coastal plants because of their adaptation to salt spray and sandy soil.
Sand cherry is listed as rare in New York State.
Sand crabs are barreds favorite food.
Sand crabs are common as well.
Sand crabs are located in beachs.
Sand crabs come out and snap at the cat, seagulls fly overhead, and waves pound the beach.
Sand crabs do the same thing.
Sand crabs scurry into holes.
Sand Creek is considered a high priority watershed.
Sand darters are very skinny and can fit into some surprisingly small openings.
A sand dollar is a sea urchin
Sand dollars are a common beach find along the sandy shores of the northwest Pacific coast.
Sand dollars are abundant.
Sand dollars are burrowers and feed on detritus found in the sediments.
Sand dollars are echinoderms.
Sand dollars are extremely abundant in some locations.
Sand dollars are filter feeders, but urchins and starfish are typically aggressive predators.
Sand dollars are gregarious and live in large herds.
Sand dollars are located in beachs.
Sand dollars are marine invertebrates that belong to the echinoderm family.
Sand dollars are sea urchins that have extremely flatten bodies and tiny spines.
Sand dollars are sea urchins.
Sand dollars are sedentary echinoids.
Sand dollars are very flat, the edge of the body thin and distinct.
Sand dollars are very fragile and are actually the skelton of a marine animal.
Sand dollars are very fragile.
Sand dollars are what most people find.
Sand dollars are white, they blend in with the sand are therefore hard to see.
Sand dollars eat organic material found in sand.
Sand dollars have both a lantern and a perignathic girdle.
Sand dollars have five teeth.
Sand dollars live on their sides, catching particles to eat with their tube feet and fine spines.
Sand dollars look like rocks.
Sand dollars obtain food by engulfing sand from which they extract minute plants and animals.
Sand dollars reproduce sexually and asexually.
Sand dollars reproduce through pores.
Sand dollars spend their lives here, too.
All sand dollars have a rigid skeleton known as a 'test'.
A sand dune is a ridge
Sand dune drops off into the tall timber.
Sand dunes act as buffers to erosion.
Sand dunes are a haunting, daring change of scenery.
Sand dunes are a part of the landscape.
Sand dunes are a vital part of our fragile ecosystem.
Sand dunes are accumulations of windblown sand piled up in mounds or ridges.
Sand dunes are an important part of coastal ecology.
Sand dunes are big hills of sand.
Sand dunes are conspicuous and spectacular features of many desert landscapes.
Sand dunes are especially good.
Sand dunes are found around the world, in varying types of climates.
Sand dunes are good markers for what's going on.
Sand dunes are hills.
Sand dunes are huge piles of sand blown there by strong gusts wind.
Sand dunes are made when wind or a river pulls sand into a mountain-like shape .
Sand dunes are made when wind or a river pulls sand into a mountain-like shape.
Sand dunes are mostly longitudinal, following the dominant wind directions of a high pressure cell.
Sand dunes are sand.
Sand dunes are some results of wind's hard work.
Sand dunes are the main surface features in the northeast and southwest.
Sand dunes are very susceptible to damage by foot or vehicular traffic.
Sand dunes are vital to protect against beach erosion, which is why picking sea oats is illegal.
Sand dunes are well-known in poorly vegetated areas.
Sand dunes arrange themselves in parallel rows.
Sand dunes can have a negative impact on humans when they encroach on human habitats.
Sand dunes can merge and split, and in so doing can change their shapes, and produce new offspring.
Sand dunes cover about half of the land.
Sand dunes develop as a result of swirling winds around beach plants.
Sand dunes develop their own type of plant succession called a psammosere .
Sand dunes form a line of defense, protecting marsh and woodlands from high tides and storms.
Sand dunes form along the shores of Lake Michigan.
Sand dunes form in many areas.
Sand dunes form protective bluffs with the help of swaying sea oates.
Sand dunes form some of the most spectacular and dynamic landforms on the planet.
Sand dunes form where there is an abundant source of sand available for movement by wind.
Sand dunes hide the shore from the road.
Sand dunes hold a special place in the hearts of Michigan residents.
Sand dunes line the coast at The Gambia's southern border with Senegal.
Sand dunes occupy only a fraction of the Saharan landscape.
Sand dunes occur in many places on the earth from deserts to beaches.
Sand dunes occur in some areas.
Sand dunes occur throughout the world, from coastal and lakeshore plains to arid desert regions.
Sand dunes provide a habitat for several rare plant species.
Sand dunes provide an osprey's view of both valley and beach.
Sand dunes provide numerous areas for primitive camping.
Sand dunes separate the beach from the camp site and form a protection from the wind.
Sand dunes stretch in both directions.
Sand dunes tumble into surrounding waters like spilled sugar.
Sand dunes Watch how the fan makes dunes, pits, and sandstorms in the desert sand.
Some sand dunes provide shelter.
A sand eel is a bony fish
Sand eels feed on copepods which are zooplankton.
Sand eels prefer clean fine sand which permits a quick retreat from predators.
Sand fence is also effective in trapping wind blown sand.
Sand filters are the oldest and most common types of media filters.
Sand filters are well suited for space-limited areas.
Sand filters differ mainly in their backwashing method.
Sand filters treat runoff from impervious areas such as parking lots.
Sand fish are preditory skinks, they eat cricket and mice in captiveity.
Sand flats are similar to mud flats but the grain size is larger.
A sand fly is a gnat
Sand flies are gnats.
Sand flies are less active during the hottest time of the day.
Sand flies are silent, so it's wise to avoid sandy activities from dusk till dawn.
Sand flies are the worst during dawn and dusk and when there is no wind.
Sand flies have a short flight range and are usually found within a dozen meters of a breeding site.
Sand gobies are very small, burrowing fish, inhabiting sandy shallow waters.
Sand grains are about the largest particles transported by the wind.
Sand grains are angular in shape and tend to fit together rather closely in the natural state.
Sand grains are plainly visible and feel gritty.
Sand grains are predominantly quartz and feldspar with garnet, biotite, and illmenite accessories.
Sand grains are relatively large and angular in shape.
Sand grains are very stable.
Sand grains contain clues about their origin and history.
Sand grains move up the dune's gentle upwind slope by saltation and creep.
A sand grouse is a bird
Sand grouse look a lot like pigeons and in fact they are close relatives.
Sand Island is in the background.
Sand Lake is one of seven adjoining fishing lakes.
Sand mandalas are impermanent art form.
A sand martin is a martin
Sand martins dig out burrows in sandy banks.
Sand mining is regulated.
Sand painting Have the children draw or paint with white glue on to heavy paper or cardboard.
Sand painting is a picture
Sand paper helps.
Sand paper is located in cabinets.
Sand paper is our education.
Sand paper is the safest way to round the outside edges.
Sand paper sheets a brace and bit.
Sand paper works OK for removing enamel insulation.
Some sand paper soaks in hot water.
Some sand paper soaks in water.
Sand particles have diameters.
Sand particles suspend in water.
Sand perch are also good bait when filleted and used as chunks.
Sand perch are also good bait when filleted or steaked and used as chunks.
Sand pine is a good alternative on deep sand.
Sand pine is a small to medium sized tree with a conical crown and persistent low lateral branches.
Sand pine is fire-adapted.
Sand pine is intermediate in size.
Sand pine is restricted to well-drained sandy ridges that burn infrequently.
Sand pines have short, twisted needles and highly divided branches.
Sand prairie is dominated by grass.
Most sand prairie is dominated by grass.
Sand ridges are the largest of the features and migrate over long periods of time.
Sand ridges rise nearly two hundred feet from the southern shore of Lake Michigan.
Sand River is a riverine system rather than a lacustrine system.
Sand rivers are a main source of as yet unexploited good quality groundwater.
Sand rollers make very good aquarium inhabitants, but several factors have to be kept in mind.
Sand rollers seem to be common where found.
Sand sagebrush is the primary shrub species associated with the sandsage prairie.
Sand sculpture is real.
Sand separators are available through suppliers of trickle irrigation equipment.
Sand sheets are a common feature on the piedmonts of the arid southwest.
Sand skiing is fun and the dunes are beautiful.
Sand skinks have limbs.
Most sand skinks have limbs.
Sand stars glide over the surface.
Sand storms are of frequent occurrence.
Sand storms can act like sand blasters if the wind is moving fast enough.
Sand tiger sharks have variation.
A sand tiger is a shark
Sand tigers are the only shark known to come to the surface and gulp air.
Sand tigers have a unique variation of ovoviviparity called intrauterine cannibalism.
A sand trap is a hazard
Sand traps affect play on every hole except one.
Sand traps are limited, due to the amount of hills and trees.
Sand traps are sand.
Sand traps catch many second shots.
Sand traps guard the green on both sides.
Sand traps present another obstacle both right and left front.
Sand traps protect the wayward shot on both sides of the green.
Sand traps wait to the left, ready to devour a misplaced tee shot.
Most sand traps are deep and have very large mounds to contend with.
A sand verbena is a wild flower
Sand verbena is a sticky, trailing plant with clusters of small, fragrant, pinkish lavender flowers.
Sand vipers have eyes.
Most sand vipers have eyes.
Sand volleyball is a team sport.
Sand volleyball is inexpensive.
Sand worms excavate deep U-shaped tunnels.
Sand accumulates at the brink, the top of the slipface.
Sand accumulates on upcurrent side of seawall.
Sand adapted species exist on a narrow archipelago.
Sand adsorbs organic compounds on which microorganisms can feed.
Sand allows water to drain quickly.
Sand also absorbs dirt.
Sand also drains reasonably well reducing the moisture available for bacterial growth.
Sand also locks the pavers in place.
Sand also lurks behind the green.
Sand also moves via storms and wind.
Sand also works well and makes a nice soft setting.
Sand also works well in the aquarium.
Sand appears to have the advantage.
Sand arises from coastal erosion and is transported by rivers towards the sea.
Sand assists the function fo the activated carbon, and maintains the freshness of the water.
Sand awaits on the left side for players who lose their nerve on the downswing.
Sand bag the entrances and so on.
Sand bass good early morning and late evening on spinnerbaits and surface lures.
Sand becomes a problem after crossing Mill Creek.
Sand becomes a purified gas, then silicon, then chips.
Sand behaves the same way, only different.
Sand blown from the windward face is deposited on the steeply sloping leeward side.
Sand blows in from a seasonally-wet lake bed where gypsum continues to form.
Sand blows onto the gears and the anemometer crashes to the ground.
Sand blows up the back side of the dune, an tumbles down the front face.
Sand boils and sand fissures sometimes occur during moderate to large earthquakes.
Sand boils at a city swimming lagoon in King Harbor.
Sand bubbles out of a dry coat with a superfine grit paper before adding another coat.
Sand builds up in catch basins and sewers, necessitating expensive cleanup.
Sand can also be beneficial in an artificial situation such as in a raised bed or in a pot.
Sand can be a significant source of phosphorus, a nutrient that contributes to algal blooms.
Sand can be pretty different from place to place.
Sand can be quite dusty and needs to be raked and watered regularly.
Sand can burn.
Sand can come ashore from both the sound beach and the ocean-side beach.
Sand can get extremely hot and blister paws.
Sand can get underneath a snakes scales and cause irritation and skin problems.
Sand can obstruct and clog drainage ditches and storm drain systems.
Sand can pass through the pipe more evenly and quickly than chunks.
Sand can scatter after use, and quickly become insufficient.
Sand can slowly harden into stone.
Sand carried by longshore currents is a major source of replenishment for the beach.
Sand causes excess impeller, bearing wear on pumps, and nozzle wear on sprinklers.
Sand collects along the nodal lines of vibrating plates.
Sand combine Delivery at relative against the head of the family unless start toward an ball.
Sand combine Delivery at relative against the joaquin phoenix movie unless start toward an ball.
Sand combine Delivery at relative against the kerr smith unless start toward an ball.
Sand combine Delivery at relative against the kirsten dunst unless start toward an ball.
Sand combine Delivery at relative against the la marseillaise unless start toward an ball.
Sand comes completely off the little roots with no carry-over.
Sand comes from the gradual aging of the cement pipes used in much of our distribution system.
Sand compacts a little. swelling clays.
Sand consists of atoms.
Sand consists of grain.
Sand consists of lots of small, hard grains of rock that can slide over each other.
Sand consists of quartz grain.
Sand consists of silicon atoms.
Sand consists of small, weathered rock particles, usually silicaceous in origin.
Sand containing feldspar and mica breaks down relatively quickly.
Sand containing quartz resists breakdown so is long lasting.
Sand contains components.
Sand contains quartz.
Sand contains very small particles besides the grains.
Sand contributes to cow comfort, good udder health and clean cows.
Sand covers and uncovers some sections.
Sand covers it up.
Sand covers the ocean floor.
Sand covers the water circulation pipes that keep the grass warm during the football season.
Sand digging areas are in the shade.
Sand drains well, but it also dries out too quickly.
Sand drifts, crusty material and blocks make most of the site.
Sand edges to reveal wood.
Sand eels Another eel typically found around Britain is the sand eel.
Sand ends of sticks to reduce and sharpness.
Sand extends to third row of houses and appears to come from the left.
Sand feels gritty when rubbed between the forefinger and thumb.
Sand feels gritty when rubbed by the finger.
Sand feels gritty, silt feels more like talcum powder and clay feels slippery.
Sand feels gritty.
Sand feels soft as it squishes between the toes.
Sand fills all voids.
Sand fills and erodes the craters rather efficiently.
Sand fills open holds.
Sand flies all around the area of effect obscuring all vision.
Sand flies around their legs.
Sand flies infest all of coastal Florida.
Sand fly A collection of medical, dental and veterinary images for use in teaching.
Sand forms layers.
Sand gets into everything.
Sand gives the clay a better quality.
Sand gnats swarm and attack.
Sand goes back into the earth for reclamation, and clay-filled water is pumped to a settling pond.
Sand goes directly to the molding machine hopper.
Sand greens with very high infiltration rates require light and frequent applications of water.
Sand has characteristics.
Sand has color.
Sand has matter.
Sand has particles.
Sand helps prevent rocks and small roots from puncturing the black film plastic in the float beds.
Sand helps with drainage because the particles are so large.
Sand insulates heat.
Sand intends to pursue a career in plant science, concentrating on the genetic engineering of seeds.
Sand is a bizarre and sometimes confusing material.
Sand is a bottomless pit.
Sand is a challenge and a blessing.
Sand is a common component of nursery growing media used for ballast weight.
Sand is a commonly used easy-access option.
Sand is a compound of silicon known as silicon dioxide or silica.
Sand is a fascinating subject.
Sand is a filler while the clay and water serve as binders.
Sand is a loose granular material blanketing the beaches, riverbeds and deserts of the world.
Sand is a major ingredient of mortar, plaster, concrete, and asphalt paving.
Sand is a misnomer to apply to it.
Sand is a natural abrasive.
Sand is a particle.
Sand is a recognized hydroponic media.
Sand is a source of silicon.
Sand is a type of sediment derived from the weathering of rocks such as granite.
Sand is a valuable amendment for both potting and propagation media.
Sand is a vastly misunderstood art medium.
Sand is a very poor conductor.
Sand is absolutely everywhere in the truck.
Sand is actually loose particles of disintegrated or worn rock.
Sand is alive.
Sand is also a soil textural class in which sand is the dominate separate.
Sand is also abrasive and hard on the digestive system.
Sand is also easier to clean.
Sand is also effective for fantasy play.
Sand is also plentiful, coming into play on most holes.
Sand is also significantly less expensive than cement.
Sand is also the principal ingredient of glass, which has thousands of uses.
Sand is also very abrasive.
Sand is an example of a clastic sediment.
Sand is an excellent example.
Sand is an excellent filter for removing sediment and bacteria from water.
Sand is an inorganic bedding material comprised principally of silicon with little or no carbon.
Sand is anything that feels gritty.
Sand is applied automatically to the wheels of sliding unit.
Sand is as bad as water, maybe worse.
Sand is available for purchase in the town of Herman.
Sand is available from different set areas along the beach foreshore - see below.
Sand is available in large quantities from several pits within an hour's drive of Pelham.
Sand is backfilled.
Sand is bigger, coarser particles, also from rock, often quartz or silica.
Sand is black.
Sand is brought in to help form the foundation's base.
Sand is capable of flow.
Sand is cold and pollutes rather quick.
Sand is color.
Sand is common in places of higher elevation on which pine trees are typical.
Sand is contributed from the stream and from weathering of the sandstone bedrock.
Sand is cooled for reuse.
Sand is dirt
Sand is dredged up from offshore and deposited on the shoreline to rebuild lost real estate.
Sand is everywhere.
Sand is found all over the Earth.
Sand is frosted light brown with toasted coconut on top.
Sand is great fun, but it's also a wonderful material for learning.
Sand is gritty and consists of very small particles of rock and minerals.
Sand is gritty to the touch and the individual grains or particles can be seen with the naked eye.
Sand is gross.
Sand is ground.
Sand is heavy.
Sand is helpful in filling up gaps.
Sand is high quality, water is clear, view is great.
Sand is in white.
Sand is just a naive innocent lamb that the Republican establishment needed to feed to the lions.
Sand is just glass, Just ground finer.
Sand is kicked over the burning ash.
Sand is like glass.
Sand is located in concrete.
Sand is located in deserts.
Sand is located in earth.
Sand is located in ground.
Sand is located in moons.
Sand is located in oceans.
Sand is located in sandboxs.
Sand is located in shoes.
Sand is located in streets.
Sand is located in swimsuits.
Sand is located in trees.
Sand is loose and single grained.
Sand is loose gritty material made up of mineral or rock grains.
Sand is lost from the pile at the boundaries.
Sand is low, clayey soils are High.
Sand is made by erosion.
Sand is made of Mica, feldspar, magnetite, and other minerals.
Sand is made up of fine grains of rock, coral and shells.
Sand is made up of larger particles which can be seen with the naked eye.
Sand is made up of larger particles which canbe seen with the naked eye.
Sand is made up of lots of tiny pieces of minerals, mostly silica or quartz.
Sand is made up of the largest particles allowing for quick drainage and leaching of nutrients.
Sand is made up of the largest particles, allowing for quick drainage and leaching of nutrients.
Sand is made up of tiny particles of rock.
Sand is melted and spun into fine glass fiber.
Sand is more stable than clay soils and rocky soils have other requirements.
Sand is mostly quartz.
Sand is moved along the beach both by the longshore current and by wind.
Sand is moved back and forth by the wind and the waves.
Sand is moved parallel to most beaches in Florida by longshore drift and currents.
Sand is much more forgiving than the reef.
Sand is needed for the rheas' bath.
Sand is needed under the swings, jungle gym, and in the volleyball area.
Sand is never easy to run on, especially when the weather's been hot and dry and the sand is loose.
SAnD is no longer a band but check it out anyways.
Sand is of a fine grit, but is mixed with rounded rocks in patches.
Sand is one of our biggest problems.
Sand is particularly destructive to joints and ribs.
Sand is preferred as an underlayer for other flooring materials as it provides excellent drainage.
Sand is pushed by the sea up against the coast, making beautiful beaches.
Sand is pushed off shore during winter months.
Sand is put in the remaining oil and thrown into the sea.
Sand is rare on the deep ocean floor, which is mainly mud.
Sand is recommended, as are branches to climb and bask on and caves or other hiding areas.
Sand is rich with natural and cultural history.
Sand is rough.
Sand is sand.
Sand is shaped much more easily.
Sand is Shovelled into the container, Watered and Packed by walking and stomping on it.
Sand is silica.
Sand is silicic acid in much larger agregates.
Sand is silicon dioxide, which is too stable to liberate oxygen.
Sand is silicon oxide.
Sand is simply sand.
Sand is softer than concrete, but it provides an uneven shifting base.
Sand is soil.
Sand is spread on the peat to encourage runnering.
Sand is swept from doorways and floors, then swept some more.
Sand is the best media for the production of strong, stocky slips.
Sand is the biggest particle.
Sand is the coarsest, followed by silt and then clay.
Sand is the easiest to work with, though small stones or gravel are also acceptable options.
Sand is the largest of the particles, clay the smallest.
Sand is the largest particle and can be seen.
Sand is the largest particle in the soil.
Sand is the largest particle size, and clay is the smallest.
Sand is the largest particle, silt intermediate, and clay the smallest.
Sand is the media typically used in the catchboxes to slow the rounds so that they can be contained.
Sand is the most common abrasive, but slag, cinders, and bottom ash from power plants are also used.
Sand is the most common aggregate used in rough-coat plaster.
Sand is the most common aggregate.
Sand is the most common footing.
Sand is the most durable and able to withstand frequent use.
Sand is the most widely used bedding material on Mississippi dairy farms.
Sand is the principal raw material for essentially all commercial glasses.
Sand is the slightly bigger than silt.
Sand is the soil of Florida scrub.
Sand is there to be made into sandcastles.
Sand is thrown all over it, the whole business involving much time and much hard work.
Sand is transported along Lake Michigan beach.
Sand is used for beachs.
Sand is used for ocean beachs.
Sand is used for sandboxs.
Sand is used most often when temperatures are too low for salt to be effective.
Sand is very abrasive and can irritate a dogs feet, especially between the toes.
Sand is very coarse.
Sand is very high in silica, but because of the particle size, it is less significant than clay.
Sand is very light in color, drains fast and is easy to work in.
Sand is visible, silt particles are the size of talc and clay particles are microscopic.
Sand is washed from gravel by high pressure water and discharged into lower chute.
Sand is where all the people are as well as the active runway.
Sand is white.
Sand is wonderful on the beach, but a pain in the neck in one's bed.
Sand isa dirt.
Sand just absorbs concussion and shock.
Sand kills tipworm larvae which overwinter on the surface of the bogs.
Sand lances school in many bays and inlets in the inside waters.
Sand lines the floor of the second oldest synagogue in the new world.
Sand looks moist and like it was part of a riverbed.
Sand looks vague.
Sand lying on matted fiber, rolls freely and is Ineffective in controlling ball bounce.
Sand means it was slower.
Sand migrates close to the seabed and by the current it builds up characteristic ripples.
Sand mix Back underneath that fun upon a suit.
Sand moves in a figure-eight pattern through the mixer.
Sand needs more water than clay.
Sand needs to be dealt with before it gets to separator.
Sand offers a comprehensive, international swine production facility package.
Sand opens the door to the unconscious world.
Sand particles smaller than No.
Sand pelts our faces.
Sand penetrates everything.
Sand piles up at the base of the mountains and along their flanks, forming dunes and sand sheets.
Sand poses a challenge for waste handling systems but it can be managed so problems are minimized.
Sand presents as a homogenous gray and allows the ultrasound waves to penetrate deep.
Sand provides a soft landing enabling players to throw themselves around the court.
Sand provides greater cushion and surface drainage than other bedding materials.
Sand provides looseness and drainage.
Sand provides the entire structure, but water holds the sand grains together.
Sand rails Pictures and technical data about Swiss army vehicles.
Sand ranges from flour fineness to near pebbles, pure one color to polychrome, white to black.
Sand reads Delivery off relative at the last tango in paris unless combine against an ball.
Sand reduces the supply of air and cools it.
Sand remains in the area, forming plains and dunes over old erosional surfaces.
Sand remains on the filter paper.
Sand remind around most baker however urge college life.
Sand remind around most baker however urge winfrey.
Sand removes acidity, and floats in the water cleanly, silica sand makes the water fresh, and tasty.
Sand ridges, the largest bedforms on the shelf, are of particular interest.
Sand ripples in an oscillating annular sand-water cell.
Sand rises support dry black oak savannas.
Sand ruins goggles, barrels, and almost all equipment.
Sand runs through thehourglass and then becomes still.
Sand saturated by salt water is a terrific ground plane for verticals.
Sand scattered on the plates travels to anti-nodes.
Sand seems slow , as if the disk was swapping or the cpu was bogged down.
Sand seeps slowly from the punctured bag.
Sand serves as a sensory experience for children of all ages, abilities and development.
Sand shadows to the left of the outcrop disturb the ripple pattern.
Sand sliding over sand has a similar positive effect.
Sand soaks up the sun's rays, quickly heating the water.
Sand spits divide and protect the estuarine environment from the dynamic influence of the ocean.
Sand spurs and prickly pear cactus are abundant on park grounds, proper footwear is recommended.
Sand tends to build up between sea and ship.
Sand tends to compact itself.
Sand tends to suppress fungal development and facilitates uniform water uptake.
Sand threatens buildings and crops in Africa, the Middle East, and China.
Sand traps a nightmare.
Sand traps energy.
Sand traps lurk on nine fairways and all but one green.
Sand veins and wedges in cold aeolian environments.
Sand winks back sun glints of fool s gold.
Sand work over that birth unless mistake auto cad.
Sand work over that birth unless mistake computing.
Sand work over that birth unless mistake cultures.
Sand works best.
Sand works well.
Sands also has considerable professional experience.
Sands also has dollar and five-dollar Pick 'Em.
Sands are loose fragments of minerals or rocks.
Sands are nutrient poor.
Sands are relatively homogeneous laterally and extremely heterogeneous vertically.
Sands are usually light grey to white in colour and often also impoverished in iron and manganese.
Sands attributes much of their success to the strong support they receive from others in the firm.
Sands can contain many interesting fragments e.g. of sponges, shells and minerals.
Sands can cool, giving a risk of frost.
Sands constantly shift and the channels can be ill-defined.
Sands constitute a natural event recorder, leaving a record of what creatures have moved past.
Sands does stand out when it comes to customer service.
Sands dominate in coarse-textured soils, which are referred to often as light soils.
Sands eventually becomes entangled in the criminal underworld.
Sands has no shortage of influential contacts.
Sands have a low conductivity, silts have a medium conductivity, and clays have a high conductivity.
Sands have good conditions for root penetration, but have poor nutrition and water holding capacity.
Sands have similarities and differences.
Sands is a Web project manager.
Sands is also an active participant in a Bible study and referees soccer games.
Sands is an art school, and everyone was required to play an instrument.
Sands is in stable condition.
Sands is now a moderate-habit junkie.
Sands is one of the country's outstanding bridge teachers.
Sands jumps at the chance to practice medicine again.
Sands lives in a quiet residential neighborhood.
Sands maintains that less is more.
Sands nails it again.
Sands offers a fun-filled variety of lounges and bars . . .
Sands Offers a large gaming floor with different games disbursed throughout.
Sands provide better air flow and to help insulate against heat.
Sands returns with twelve new tunes.
Sands rise, the dead come to life, bugs eat people.
Sands silently fall.
Sands singles out Iraq, North Korea, and Russia as particularly dire cases of non-compliance.
Sand often blows onto the road.
Sand often contains eroded particles of rocks and minerals carried downstream by rivers and creeks.
Sand often has a lot of small quartz bits .
Sand often has a lot of small quartz bits.
Sand often hides dead, but still sharp, coral.
Sands usually represent water.
All sand is radioactive.
All sand mixes including rubber.
More sand guards the left, right and back of the green.
More sand is carried off shore, promoting beach loss.
More sand is needed every storm.
More sand is used for wider gaps.
More sand seems to litter the rock creating slicker surfaces.
Most sand consists of atoms.
Most sand consists of quartz grain.
Most sand contains components.
Most sand contains quartz.
Most sand has characteristics.
Most sand has color.
Most sand has particles.
Most sand is a product of the weathering of rocks on land areas inland from the beaches.
Most sand is formed of rock particles that had been broken off from the main rock.
Most sand is made up of small pieces of quartz.
Most sand is quartz.
Most sand is small pieces of quartz.
Most sand is transported from inland via rivers and streams.
Much sand still remains on the paths and around the clear, flat areas where the tents once stood.
Some sand contains particles.
Some sand contains water.
Some sand creates problems.
Some sand enters eyes.
Some sand has conductivity.
Some sand has different thermal conductivity.
Some sand has effects.
Some sand has strength.
Some sand has thermal conductivity.
Some sand has to be added to the mixture of the second coat, and the surface cracks are smaller.
Some sand has weird smell.
Some sand helps digestion.
Some sand is driven across the back beach and over the dunes in the form of a washover fan .
Some sand is used by masons.
Some sand is very dirty and unsuitable for a court.
Some sand mixes with mud.
Some sand skinks feed on ants.
Some sands contain magnetite , chlorite , glauconite or gypsum .
Sandal oil is very useful in curing scabies.
A sandal is a shoe
Sandal isa shoe.
Sandal starts with one knot at toe.
Sandal starts with three knots at toe.
Sandal starts with two knots at toe.
Sandals abound in brilliant colors, embellished with everything from beads to gems to embroidery.
Sandals adjust backward and forward and in and out.
Sandals also has resorts on the romantic islands of Jamaica, Antigua, and The Bahamas.
Sandals are a fashion statement.
Sandals are also a good idea to take along to wear while crossing rivers.
Sandals are also worn indoors in some places , such as in saunas .
Sandals are also worn indoors in some places, such as in saunas.
Sandals are appropriate in warm weather.
Sandals are convenient.
Sandals are custom made per order.
Sandals are everywhere.
Sandals are fine.
Sandals are flaky.
Sandals are good.
Sandals are great for evening.
Sandals are great for everyday comfort during the hot summer months.
Sandals are highly discouraged because of sharp edged shells.
Sandals are inappropriate footwear in any laboratory setting.
Sandals are indispensable when the sand gets roasting hot.
Sandals are no help.
Sandals are OK except at formal occasions.
Sandals are perfectly acceptable in Beijing but be sure to wear sandals with a heel strap.
Sandals are shoes.
Sandals are the best warm weather footwear.
Sandals are the fun shoe.
Sandals are the most common footwear.
Sandals are the perfect solution for every Summer outfit.
Sandals are the preferred footwear.
Sandals are unacceptable.
Sandals are useful around villages.
Sandals are versatile footwear that can be worn in the water and around camp.
Sandals are worn in warm countries , such as the Philippines and Cuba .
Sandals are worn in warm countries, such as the Philippines and Cuba.
Sandals can always use people to take care of our children.
Sandals can be helpful when crossing small streams but laced shoes are better.
Sandals clearly wants to be conscious of the visitors, and a welcoming team takes care of that.
Sandals feature side buckles and sewn-in pads at heel.
Sandals has a wonderful website with all the details.
Sandals have (part) half soles.
Sandals have (part) heel counters.
Sandals have (part) heels.
Sandals have (part) sections.
Sandals have (part) shoe collars.
Sandals have (part) shoelaces.
Sandals have (part) toe boxes.
Sandals have a tennis shoe like bottom and double velcro upper.
Sandals is a little pricey.
Sandals is a new church for a generation now moving into adulthood.
Sandals is easy to use and aesthetically appealing.
Sandals is ecumenical , and written in a friendly, interesting, non-professorial style.
Sandals is the epitome of island hospitality.
Sandals is the first to offer ' interactive map lessons ' on Bible's stories.
Sandals is the largest operator of luxury, ultra all-inclusive resorts in the Caribbean.
Sandals is the only resort in Antigua with a world-class spa .
Sandals is the ultimate fantasy for two.
Sandals is truly interactive.
Sandals is very appropriate for adult classes, seminary students, and pastor use.
Sandals leads the industry in luxury, choices, options, and innovations.
Sandals look much more presentable with a pair of dark socks.
Sandals offer the most luxurious accommodations in the Caribbean.
Sandals offers everything to their guests.
Sandals require socks.
Sandals reserves the right to relocate winners if necessary.
Sandals reserves the right to set limitations on length of stay and to restrict day of arrival.
Sandals vow to make the entire experience simply unforgettable.
All sandals are medium width with adjustable straps to accommodate narrow to wide widths.
All sandals have leather straps and leather upper sole.
Every sandal is guaranteed against defects for the life of the sole.
Sandaled men stroll with staffs.
Sandals Resorts are always our first recommendation.
Sandals resorts are an excellent choice for honeymooners because they only allow couples.
Sandals resorts are well known for their wedding ceremonies and offer frequent specials.
Sandalwood oil is massaged on the forehead and between the eyes to help center and calm the mind.
Sandalwood oil is used to cool the body during fevers and heat stroke.
Sandalwood oil offers benefits.
Sandalwood oil offers certain benefits.
Most sandalwood oil offers benefits.
Most sandalwood oil offers certain benefits.
Some sandalwood oil helps anxiety.
A sandalwood is wood
Sandalwood also protects the skin from the sun's rays.
Sandalwood brings sweet smell of success .
Sandalwood brings to mind Far-Eastern temples and bazaars.
Sandalwood cures fever and so cools the passions if karma is to be overcome.
Sandalwood faces similar problems.
Sandalwood has a sweet fragrance.
Sandalwood has a use in treating most skin problems.
Sandalwood has good antiseptic properties.
Sandalwood has many beneficial properties and is a renowned aphrodisiac.
Sandalwood is a good oil to burn to help with relaxation and ease of discussion.
Sandalwood is a naturally aromatic wood that grows in India.
Sandalwood is a naturally perfumed wood.
Sandalwood is a therapeutic used to release stress, tension and mild anxiety.
Sandalwood is a very sought after and highly appreciated essential oil in today s aromatherapy.
Sandalwood is a wonderful tissue regenerative and is found in numerous cosmetics.
Sandalwood is an evergreen tree that is native to southern Asia.
Sandalwood is an important tree species of commercial value.
Sandalwood is considered very auspicious in religious rituals.
Sandalwood is good for dry skin.
Sandalwood is harvested by pulling it from the ground.
Sandalwood is one of the classic meditation scents.
Sandalwood is one of the most expensive, most exotic, and most aromatic plants known to humans.
Sandalwood is the fragrance that the creativity ministers or muses are supposed to like.
Sandalwood is the source of sandalwood oil, a high value oil used in perfumes, soaps and incenses.
Sandalwood is used for many different skin types and problems.
Sandalwood is very much indigenous to India.
Sandalwood isa wood.
Sandalwood plays an important part in the aesthetics.
Sandalwood wears itself out to give a cool and fragrant paste to men.
Sandalwood yields an essential oil.
Sandalwoods are parasitic, deriving part of their nutrition from the roots of other species.
Sandalwoods are wood.
A sandbag is a bag
Sandbags are available at multiple locations.
Sandbags are available for residents.
Sandbags are available from various locations around the Bay area.
Sandbags are bags.
Sandbags are everywhere.
Sandbags are fine, when flooding appears imminent.
Sandbags are labor intensive, and earthen dams require heavy machinery.
Sandbags are re-fillable and shipped without sand.
Sandbags are reliable, dull and they tolerate cold weather.
Sandbags are to be used to protect each storm sewer infrastructure.
Sandbags are tricks taken above the number bid.
Sandbags deteriorate when exposed for several months to continued wetting and drying.
Sandbags deteriorate when exposed to continued wetting and drying for several months .
Sandbags help to prevent floods from damaging homes.
Sandbags help, but have the same problems that levees do.
A sandbank is a bank
Sandbanks can be a dynamic area for spring migrants under the right conditions.
A sandbar shark is a shark
Sandbar sharks are bottom feeders and prey heavily on blue crabs in the Bay.
Sandbar sharks are dark gray above and white below.
A sandbar is a bar
Sandbar isa ridge.
Sandbar sharks lives in shallow coastal waters.
Sandbars also affect the outward flow of water.
Sandbars also provide food and shelter for shorebirds, waterfowl, mammals, amphibians, and reptiles.
Sandbars are also great spots to stop for lunch or just to explore.
Sandbars are bars.
Sandbars are favorite places for all ages to beachcomb for remnants and clues.
Sandbars are important for basking and egg laying sites.
Sandbars are offshore shoals of sand deposited with slower moving water.
Sandbars are preferred nesting habitat.
Sandbars do build up, so stay to midchannel.
Sandbars have (part) inclines.
Sandbars have (part) sections.
Sandbars have (part) slopes.
Sandbars obstruct the mouths of all rivers, making entrance hazardous.
Sandbars support a variety of plant and animal life during the dry summer.
Sandbars often form in areas where longshore currents frequently occur.
Sandblasted balls look great on the tree or hanging in the window all year long.
Sandblasted cedar is an excellent option, with many other possibilities.
Sandblasted channels lead up to the side stones and finish off with a white gold center mount.
Sandblasted finishes can be special ordered.
Sandblasted glass can bring luxuriousness and richness to any bathroom.
Sandblasted signs exude class and sensibility, displayed in nature's own beauty.
A sandbox is a toy
Sandboxes are for toys.
Sandboxes are often square with wooden sides.
Sandboxes can occupy chidren for hours.
Sandboxs are located in parks.
Sandboxs are mold.
Sandboxs are open air.
Sandboxes often act as a secondary litter to straying cats.
A sander is a power tool
Sander allows every man and woman to feel classy, sophisticated and powerful.
Sander also is clearly distinguishable.
Sander draws the line at certain requests.
Sander gives a brief tutorial on coolers and recommends what's best.
Sander is active in the business community of West Michigan.
Sander is seven and a half.
Sander isa machine.
Sander sits up again.
Sander suggests taking a more multi-faceted approach to evaluating mediation.
Sanders also heads further out than in the first track, but the shrieking is spare and appropriate.
Sanders also plans to include archival footage.
Sanders also works in communications and battle-field situational awareness areas.
Sanders applies a cobra clutch.
Sanders appreciates teaching philosophy at a Christian college.
Sanders are fish.
Sanders are located in cabinets.
Sanders best known work is probably the hypnotic Karma .
Sanders bunt single.
Sanders can appeal the penalty to the State Pollution Control Hearings Board.
Sanders can become a free agent at the end of next season.
Sanders can scrape the skin.
Sanders can talk business and art with equal ease.
Sanders certainly generates a buzz.
Sanders comes in, but misses a knee drop.
Sanders comes out with the champs.
Sanders considers the award a blessing.
Sanders continues to provide technical assistance to the project offices.
Sanders continues to quote segments freely through next part of solo.
Sanders currently serves as the softball chairman for the conference.
Sanders develops funding support, provider and volunteer outreach and management.
Sanders further examines the elements of classical education.
Sanders goes for the pina dn gets a two count, and then does it again for the same result.
Sanders goes on to emphasize that being successful often fails to produce satisfaction.
Sanders going to Dallas is like the circus coming to town.
Sanders has a chance to be even more dynamic.
Sanders has eight assists to date, good for eighth best on the single season charts.
Sanders has five interceptions in the postseason.
Sanders have (part) field magnets.
Sanders have (part) sections.
Sanders is all mouth and legs and no bat.
Sanders is better than that.
Sanders is distinguishable from the instant case in material respects.
Sanders is enthusiastic about the change the donation has made.
Sanders is healthy.
Sanders is most concerned with hitting.
Sanders is now a year-round cyclist and a vocal proponent of winter cycling.
Sanders is now famous for being famous.
Sanders is worth more in yardage leagues while goal line guys are worth more in touchdown leagues.
Sanders isn t without blame.
Sanders knows that.
Sanders likewise appears to accept contemporaneous analyses of farmers at face value.
Sanders lives in Bloomington, Indiana.
Sanders lives in Fort Worth.
Sanders lives in White Lake, Michigan.
Sanders looks for and often finds universal truths in the particulars of everyday life. . . .
Sanders loves lurking.
Sanders now comes in.
Sanders now has the original window sticker matted and framed.
Sanders operate belt-sanding machines that sand and smooth the surface of lumber.
Sanders places a special emphasis on the visual and performing arts.
Sanders places special emphasis on the visual and performing arts.
Sanders plays a prominently audible tambourine.
Sanders ponders the lifting capacity of tractors and forklifts.
Sanders provides a fascinating look into the progress of the New South.
Sanders really retires, now.
Sanders recaps an experience in the war.
Sanders recommends that people drink plenty of water and dress in layers when heading outside.
Sanders relies on complex calculations and powerful computers to track student performance.
Sanders remains an active songwriter and saxophone player with several album credits.
Sanders reprimands the chiefs for killing, stealing, and breaking laws.
Sanders returns to major leagues.
Sanders returns to the team after being redshirted last season.
Sanders reverses the with some mat wrestling and gets a two count.
Sanders sails on.
Sanders seems to be confirmed as a trustworthy source of opinion.
Sanders sees blacks and whites as occupying entrenched positions.
Sanders shrewd to select baseball over grid.
Sanders speaks from first-hand experience.
Sanders still is below average defensively.
Sanders still lives in Rochester Hills, and is seen often at Metro Detroit events and night spots.
Sanders still takes unorthodox routes in the outfield.
Sanders studies the structure of proteins that stud the membrane surrounding a retrovirus.
Sanders suggest interested students dress professionally and bring many copies of their resumes.
Sanders taunts the fans.
Sanders vividly recalls protesting.
Sanders works in applied math.
Sandestin guests receive an hour of tennis court time daily at no extra charge.
Sandfaced brick dresses up homes with soft, subtle colors and sharp, crisply defined edges.
A sandfly is a gnat
Sandflies are big.
Sandflies are insects.
Sandflies are pale brown flies that move in a series of flying 'hops'.
Sandflies are vermins.
Sandflies can carry the disease agent from a variety of animals to humans.
Sandflies carry the infective protozoa from the host specie and transmit it through biting.
Sandflies infest the river banks like a plague.
Sandglass is an instrument
Sandglass reviews for most of what is considered the canon of English and American literature.
Sandie is married and has two children and three grand children.
Sandie makes all our Escrows go smoothly.
Sandie strives to match clients and stylists based on personality as well as haircare needs.
Sandie uses it for commuting to and from work, for recreation, and for shopping and other errands.
Sanding block helps to knock down irregularities on the cut edge.
Sanding blocks are as numerous as, well, grains of sand.
Sanding grants are also due to nine clubs in the county.
Sanding tiles can release fibers.
Sandinista strikers continue to snarl government operations.
A sandman is an imp
Sandman admits that probabilistic risk statements are genuinely hard to understand.
Sandman brings an entire length of guardrail into the ring.
Sandman creates a series of spin off, mini series and related works.
Sandman cuts a promo on Rhino sitting on a couch in a dressing room.
Sandman discusses how to effectively communicate risks to the public and the media.
Sandman examines the role of the media in contributing to the confusion concerning risk.
Sandman has a mere seven days to snatch an innocent man from the hungriest gallows of Europe.
Sandman is a Boston artist.
Sandman is a contemplative, heady book.
Sandman is a good example of such a comic.
Sandman is a hacker.
Sandman is a huge thing today.
Sandman is carried off in an ambulance.
Sandman is eternally grateful for.
Sandman is the first of the above, while Sin City is the second.
Sandman is there and in great spirits.
Sandman owns a taxi cab service, a bar and a wrestling school in Wilmington, Delaware.
Sandman sells a powerful alternative, but one that comes at a price.
Sandman sidesteps a gore by Rhino.
Sandman still sells tpbs.
Sandman suggests ways to empower the public.
Sandman takes a bump off a ladder threw two tables on the outside.
Sandmans are elf.
Sandmans are wrestlers.
Sandpaper burns only.
Sandpaper can be too rigid to directly contact and clean the contours of a chip.
Sandpaper contains numerous sharp edges that cut away at wood or metal.
Sandpaper is an abrasive material
Sandpaper is devices.
Sandpaper isa material.
Sandpaper isa stuff.
Sandpaper leaves a scratch pattern in wood.
Sandpaper works well for the faces with yarn or shredded paper for hair.
Sandpapers come in various types.
Some sandpaper is advertised as non-loading, or stearated.
A sandpiper is a wader
Sandpiper provides indepth, 'hands-on' technical support for all hardware and storage products.
Sandpipers are bands.
Sandpipers are birds.
Sandpipers are films.
Sandpipers are shorebirds.
Sandpipers eat amphipods and marine worms.
Sandpipers forage the cool wet sand.
Sandpipers generally find their food by touch, probing wet sand or mud with their bills.
Sandpipers have long bodies and legs , and narrow wings .
Sandpipers have long bodies and legs, and narrow wings.
Sandpipers is also passionate about education.
Sandpipers offers a large array of matching wraps, sarongs, cruisewear, shorts and skirts.
Sandpipers poke their beaks just below the surface to feast on the organisms that live there.
Sandpipers scavenge on the forested bay shore.
Sandpipers scurry along the water's edge and cormorants, gulls, and pelicans fly along the water.
All sandpipers have fairly long wings and a short tail.
A sandpit is a toy
Sandpit isa pit.
Sandpits are also very popular for making sandcastles.
Some sandstone flagstone remains on the front.
Sandstone formations serve as significant aquifers in many areas.
A sandstone is a sedimentary rock
Sandstone absorbs water because it is porous.
Sandstone erodes away easily.
Sandstone explodes when it's heated.
Sandstone has an exotic and rustic appeal that is very alluring.
Sandstone has much larger particles than does shale.
Sandstone has several design and size options.
Sandstone has stripes, too.
Sandstone is composed of sand grains which are cemented together.
Sandstone is located below sand in sand beaches.
Sandstone is located in Pine County, Minnesota.
Sandstone is made of sand, siltstone is made of silt, mudstone is made of mud and so on.
Sandstone is Nevada s state rock.
Sandstone is weak when wet, so avoid climbing in damp areas or right after a rain.
Sandstone isa material.
Sandstone isa stuff.
Sandstone provides a good reservoir rock for oil which has been trapped by faulting and folding.
Sandstones appear to be graded and occasionally ripple-laminated in outcrop and on borehole images.
Sandstones are another type of sedimentary rocks used in buildings.
Sandstones are mostly lithic arenites, commonly trough crossbedded with dominantly volcanic grains.
Sandstones are non-toxic and easily clean up with soap and water.
Sandstones are the predominant ridge former.
Sandstones are typically white, gray, brown, or red.
Sandstones consist of particles of very fine to very coarse grained sand.
Sandstones contain minerals.
Sandstones deteriorate from internal stresses.
Sandstones make good reservoirs.
Sandstones tend to support lichens, and the siltstones and shales support grasses and shrubs.
Most sandstones contain minerals.
Some sandstones are essentially fossilized sand dunes.
Some sandstones are stronger than others due to a quartz cement.
Some sandstones contain arsenic pyrites.
Some sandstones contain arsenic.
Some sandstones contain limestone.
Some sandstones contain mud.
Some sandstones contain pyrites.
Some sandstones contain rich pyrites.
Some sandstones contain thin limestone.
A sandstorm is windstorm
Sandstorm hinders citizens in Beijing.
Sandstorm permeates excavation area.
Sandstorms are able to move entire sand dunes and sometimes able to move entire roads.
Sandstorms are frequent.
Sandstorms are storms.
Sandstorms are unpredictable, they appear out of nowhere.
Sandstorms are violent wind storms that occur often in the desert .
Sandstorms are windstorm.
Sandstorms come with warnings.
Sandstorms do much more damage than rain and are much more feared.
Sandstorms occur throughout the year but are particularly common in spring.
Sandstorms occur with much less frequency than dust storms.
Sandstorms often take place in inland desert areas.
Sandwich construction is used throughout the interior to keep the weight down.
Sandwich courses involve an extra one or two years on a work placement.
Sandwich courses offer a period of work placement in industry, commerce or the public sector.
Sandwich lunch is generally out of the saddle bags with hot coffee or tea from the polaca .
Sandwich panels combine low weight with high stiffness.
A sandwich plate is a dish
Sandwich plates provide a convenient means of getting engine oil to and from the oil cooler.
Sandwich potion is now ready.
A sandwich is snack food
Sandwich isa nourishment.
Sandwich isa sustenance.
Sandwich leaves of the same size and variety between two pieces of clear contact paper.
Sandwich marshmallows between the chocolate bars and graham crackers.
Sandwich slides together and allow capillary action to pull up solution.
Sandwich terns frequent the area in the winter.
Sandwich terns, though never in such large numbers, hug the shore more closely.
Sandwich wraps and big salads at lunchtime.
Sandwiches also are popular during Dead Week.
Sandwiches also provide the versatility needed to win the school lunch battle.
Sandwiches are a whole other ballpark.
Sandwiches are above average.
Sandwiches are also available.
Sandwiches are available at all reasonable times.
Sandwiches are available baked or fried and are sold ala carte.
Sandwiches are available everyday and at a great price.
Sandwiches are available on a hamburger bun or on a po-boy bun.
Sandwiches are available with various types of breads.
Sandwiches are available.
Sandwiches are convenient and come in an endless variety of forms.
Sandwiches are excellent and inexpensive.
Sandwiches are fine and dandy by day, but local style demands hot and heavy entrees for dinner.
Sandwiches are fun, too.
Sandwiches are good here, too, and they're hefty.
Sandwiches are good here.
Sandwiches are good, but can be messy.
Sandwiches are great with a salad or with soup and a salad.
Sandwiches are great.
Sandwiches are hearty, salads are made with better lettuce than iceberg and omelets are tasty.
Sandwiches are huge and very tasty, burgers outstanding, service is terrific.
Sandwiches are ideal picnic foods.
Sandwiches are ideal.
Sandwiches are limited to either egg salad or cheese.
Sandwiches are mostly vegetarian and there's plenty of tea and coffee.
Sandwiches are okay.
Sandwiches are out of the question.
Sandwiches are perfect picnic food.
Sandwiches are popular with the many Puerto Rican customers and it's easy to see why.
Sandwiches are quick and cheap and make for great student food.
Sandwiches are reasonable in price and feature the real ingredients.
Sandwiches are so expensive on a dinner ticket.
Sandwiches are tasty, especially the brisket, but with maybe a little too much sauce.
Sandwiches are the mainstay here, with all the trimmings and fresh baked bread.
Sandwiches are the most popular way to prepare what's left of the holiday turkey.
Sandwiches are the point.
Sandwiches are the top choice at lunch, beating out salads, pizza, soup and pasta.
Sandwiches are the universal answer.
Sandwiches are truly gourmet.
Sandwiches are usually a mainstay.
Sandwiches are very large and half sandwiches are available.
Sandwiches arrive on plates overflowing with crinkle-cut french fries.
Sandwiches become exciting with flavorful greens.
Sandwiches can be a healthy choice or they can be deadly.
Sandwiches can be nutrition powerhouses.
Sandwiches can either be premade, or buffet style.
Sandwiches come garnished with arugula or grilled onions.
Sandwiches come in a wide variety along with meal-sized salads in giant crockery bowls.
Sandwiches come in two sizes - nosher and fresser.
Sandwiches come in whole and half prices.
Sandwiches come out of coolers without glances at watches, and potato chips are never put away.
Sandwiches come with a choice of chips and a pickle spear.
Sandwiches come with a choice of fries or pasta salad.
Sandwiches come with a choice of house fries, pasta salad or chef's vegetables.
Sandwiches come with a choice of pasta salad, pomme fritts or fresh fruit.
Sandwiches come with a choice of side item.
Sandwiches come with a dill pickle spear and a packet of high-quality potato chips.
Sandwiches come with a pickle spear and a choice of chips, slaw or potato salad.
Sandwiches come with chips only.
Sandwiches come with chips or cole slaw or homemade unskinned potato salad.
Sandwiches come with choice of potato salad or potato chips.
Sandwiches come with choice of potato salad, chips or mixed greens and balsamic vinaigrette.
Sandwiches come with either soup or salad, and they'll add fries for an extra dollar.
Sandwiches come with good, crunchy french fries.
Sandwiches come with lettuce and tomato.
Sandwiches come with pasta or potato salad or cole slaw.
Sandwiches come with soup and green or pasta salad.
Sandwiches come with the option of chips or potato salad.
Sandwiches do undergo a brief session under a cast-iron countertop grill.
Sandwiches enter mouths.
Sandwiches fill much of the menu.
Sandwiches fill the spot.
Sandwiches get boring after awhile.
Sandwiches get old fast, and processed foods are expensive.
Sandwiches have (part) bread.
Sandwiches have (part) sauces.
Sandwiches have (part) sections.
Sandwiches heat quickly and the bread is soft, cheese is melted and meat is hot.
Sandwiches here are also a definite plus.
Sandwiches make good dinners.
Sandwiches make great lunches.
Sandwiches Make sandwiches with meat, poultry or eggs, quickly and carefully.
Sandwiches make with bread.
Sandwiches make with homemade bread.
Sandwiches offer another good option.
Sandwiches play a major role on the menu.
Sandwiches provide vegetables.
Sandwiches range from corned beef to ham salad to cheese.
Sandwiches range from the basic, such as hot pastrami, to the inventive roasted eggplant and hummus.
Sandwiches strain under the weight of their fillings.
Sandwiches top with tomatoes.
Sandwiches turn to mush without some protection.
Sandwiches turning heads today have more style, substance, flavor and components.
Sandwiches wait on plates, a large fridge huddles in a corner, contents unknown.
Sandwichs are finger food.
Sandwichs are food.
Sandwichs are located in fridges.
Sandwichs are located in plates.
Sandwichs are part of meals.
Sandwichs are snack food.
Sandwiches often provide quick meals and allow countless possibilities.
All sandwiches are also available toasted. . .
All sandwiches are available in a half size.
All sandwiches are available on either bagels or bread, including olive or peppercorn baguettes.
All sandwiches are available on white toast or our homemade buns.
All sandwiches are conveniently available in half sizes.
All sandwiches come dressed with lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise.
All sandwiches come dressed with lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise and choice of one side item.
All sandwiches come with a choice of applesauce, low-fat cottage cheese or homemade coleslaw.
All sandwiches come with a choice of bagel or bread, pickle, and salad or soup.
All sandwiches come with a choice of green or potato salad or fries.
All sandwiches come with a choice of mixed green salad, or tortilla chips and salsa.
All sandwiches come with a choice of mixed greens, mac salad or french fries.
All sandwiches come with a choice of redskin mashed potatoes, French fries or fresh fruit.
All sandwiches come with a heaping portion of steak fries.
All sandwiches come with a pickle.
All sandwiches come with a small side salad.
All sandwiches come with chips, pickle, and coleslaw.
All sandwiches come with choice of cup of soup or cashew potato salad.
All sandwiches come with choice of side dish.
All sandwiches come with either a dinner salad or soup of the day.
All sandwiches come with homemade coleslaw and a garlic pickle.
All sandwiches come with mayonnaise, lettuce, and tomatoes.
All sandwiches come with pickles and potato chips.
All sandwiches come with potato chips and a pepper.
Every sandwich comes with a serving of the salad of the day.
Many sandwiches combine the lean chopped beef with sourdough buns.
Most sandwiches enter mouths.
Most sandwiches freeze well if they are frozen in plastic bags designed for freezing.
Most sandwiches make with bread.
Most sandwiches make with homemade bread.
Most sandwiches provide vegetables.
Some sandwiches are part of breakfasts.
Some sandwiches are part of brunch.
Some sandwiches are part of dinner.
Some sandwiches are part of lunch.
Some sandwiches are part of meals.
Some sandwiches are part of picnics.
Some sandwiches are part of snacks.
Some sandwiches are part of suppers.
Some sandwiches create different effects.
Some sandwiches create effects.
Some sandwiches fill with ham.
Some sandwiches have values.
Sandy alluvium underlies the river section of the fill except in the bottom of the cutoff trench.
Sandy areas are a favored habitat for the common stingray.
Sandy areas are marked in grey.
Sandy areas are their favoured haunts, and they feed mainly on worms and small crustaceans.
Sandy areas see rays, conch and octopus.
Sandy beach drops away slowly, watch out for sand bars at low tide.
Sandy beach is a point bar.
Sandy Beach is a quiet community of residences and cabins.
Sandy Beach is a true fisherman's lodge.
Sandy Beach offers safe swimming.
Sandy beaches abound as well as preponderance of tourists.
Sandy beaches allow for hassle-free launches at the livery.
Sandy beaches are a part of Hawaii's culture and heritage.
Sandy beaches are close by, easy walking distance to the beach.
Sandy beaches are extensive along the western coast, while fluvial deposits cover the eastern coast.
Sandy beaches are just a few minutes away by walk.
Sandy beaches are nearby.
Sandy beaches are only a short distance by car or boat.
Sandy beaches are present along much of the northwest coast.
Sandy beaches are still delightfully tip-toe hot.
Sandy beaches are to be found on the north, east, and south of the island.
Sandy beaches are used for parturition, nursing, molting, and resting.
Sandy beaches dot the south coast.
Sandy beaches fringe the seaward sides of many of the islands.
Sandy beaches grow where the waves wash the land.
Sandy beaches have fewer forms of life than do rocky or muddy shores.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Antioxidant rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Cats rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Chamomeal rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Cheap Air Fare rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Cheep Flights rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Diamond Wholesale rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Direct TV rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the DVD rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Earrings rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Entrepreneur rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Estimates rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Fish rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Fly Cheap rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Ginsing rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Goldenseal rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Investment rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Jag Notes rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Labrador rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Marketing Jobs rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Marketing rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Minerals rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Omega Watches rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Pet Supplies rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Pocket Watches rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Quark rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Replica Watches rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Reserch rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Retirment rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Ristwatch rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Satelite rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Sattelite rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Science Fiction rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Startup rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Telecommunication rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the TV rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Veterinarian rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Vetrinarian rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Web rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches lie amid the Web TV rocks along the shore.
Sandy beaches line the river at intervals, allowing river rafters to pull up alongside.
Sandy beaches make money for all of Maine.
Sandy beaches offer golden opportunities for swimming and sunning.
Sandy beaches offer good swimming for all ages.
Sandy beaches offer safe swimming , although the Atlantic can be cold even in summer.
Sandy beaches run north and south.
Sandy beaches stretch for miles.
Sandy beachs are beachs.
Most sandy beaches are in the southern portion of the island.
Some sandy beaches provide habitats.
Some sandy beaches provide nest habitats.
Sandy bottoms are home to crocodilefish and bluespotted stingrays.
Sandy bottoms cause painful abrasions.
Sandy bottoms enhance the growth and variety of aquatic vegetation.
Sandy boundaries represent an infinite source of sand just outside the lattice.
Sandy coastlines are highly dynamic.
Sandy coves are in plenty.
Sandy Creek is the main waterway.
Sandy Creek runs through back of property.
Sandy dust coats everything in a city slipping back into the desert.
Sandy formations form high dry ridges while the clay formations form broad valleys.
Sandy Island is a remote island in New Hampshire.
Sandy Island is a sensitive ecosystem of rare and fragile plants and animals.
Sandy Island is a unique environmental area of Georgian Bay.
Sandy Island is still a great place for snorkeling.
Sandy Island is the largest freshwater island on the Atlantic seaboard.
Sandy Island is the most frequently used spot.
Sandy land is suitable to clear for horse or cow pasture.
Sandy loam is acceptable providing the sub-soil has a reasonable water holding capacity.
Sandy loam is an ideal soil.
Sandy loam is best.
Sandy loam is ideal,upland slopes.
Sandy loam is in the lower part in some pedons.
Sandy loam is the predominant soil texture, along with loamy sands.
Sandy loams are best.
Sandy loams are but require more frequent irrigation.
Sandy loams predominate, with clays occurring in river bottoms.
Sandy parts dry fast but some areas stay muddy for a while.
Sandy particles have no electrical charges to hold nutrients.
Sandy prints are q. scarce.
Sandy River follows Dallas in third place.
Sandy sections can also have loose rocks.
Sandy shoals shift daily in the dynamic inlet where the lighthouse stands.
Sandy shores are exciting places with life in and underneath the water.
Sandy shores consist of small, hard rock particles of silica and other minerals.
Sandy shores happen to be among the most restless of all marine environments.
Sandy sites are often too droughty for clovers but can be made into good alfalfa hay fields.
Sandy soil absorbs more than two inches of water per hour.
Sandy soil absorbs water fast but can lose it just as quick.
Sandy soil can absorb more water so it requires a smaller pit.
Sandy soil contains a large proportion of sand in addition to other materials.
Sandy soil cultivates easily either dry or wet.
Sandy soil dries out faster than clay soil.
Sandy soil dries out more quickly than clay and nutrients leach out faster.
Sandy soil feels gritty and falls apart easily.
Sandy soil feels gritty and loose.
Sandy soil has excellent drainage but poor ability to hold nutrients and moisture.
Sandy soil has very coarse grains.
Sandy soil holds much less water than clay soils.
Sandy soil is a favourite, because it is easy to dig, and it stays drier than other soils.
Sandy soil is excellent.
Sandy soil is needed for the seeds.
Sandy soil is OK as long as fertility is maintained.
Sandy soil is rough and gritty and breaks up easily.
Sandy soil is the dream material for an architect with a vivid imagination.
Sandy soil is the least dense soil.
Sandy soil is the opposite of clay soil.
Sandy soil needs help retaining moisture.
Sandy soil needs more frequent applications.
Sandy soil needs more water than soil with high deposits of clay.
Sandy soil needs to be watered more often.
Sandy soil needs watering more often and for shorter periods of time.
Sandy soil produces earlier crops but heavier soils give a later but larger yield.
Sandy soil requires more frequent irrigation than clay.
Sandy soil requires more watering to maintain the moisture.
Sandy soil works best for mixing with bentonite because it compacts better.
Sandy soils absorb water quickly and cultivate easily.
Sandy soils absorb water quickly and drain quickly.
Sandy soils allow for plants to take root quicker, but water and nutrients can pass through quickly.
Sandy soils allow rapid infiltration of water and leaching of salts.
Sandy soils allow septic waste to drain into nearby surface waters.
Sandy soils are able to retain more moisture.
Sandy soils are also poor in nutrients.
Sandy soils are an essential habitat characteristic for hognose snakes.
Sandy soils are best suited to Salpiglossis.
Sandy soils are coarse in texture.
Sandy soils are generally well drained, but can be subject to dryness.
Sandy soils are good.
Sandy soils are gritty to the touch, loosely packed, and very porous.
Sandy soils are gritty.
Sandy soils are ideal, although they can grow in clay soils after some preparation.
Sandy soils are known to have good infiltration and drainage.
Sandy soils are less suitable for currants because they dry out too fast.
Sandy soils are less suitable for gooseberries because they dry out too fast.
Sandy soils are less susceptible when crusts are moist or wet.
Sandy soils are loose, non-plastic and permeable, and have little capacity to hold water.
Sandy soils are lower in sulfur content due to low organic matter in the soil.
Sandy soils are more likely to allow leaching of chemicals into groundwater and waterways.
Sandy soils are more prone to leaching than silt loam or clay loam soils.
Sandy soils are most likely to be deficient.
Sandy soils are normally very well drained and often lack nutrients due to constant leaching loss.
Sandy soils are one of the worst types of soils to grown any kind of plants in.
Sandy soils are permeable.
Sandy soils are preferred but rocky flats are utilized, provided a burrow can be excavated.
Sandy soils are preferred over clay because the heavy clay soils make digging more difficult.
Sandy soils are preferred, probably in part for excavating burrows or occupying abandoned burrows.
Sandy soils are the most difficult to hold with emergency tillage.
Sandy soils are very much the opposite of clays.
Sandy soils are very susceptible to erosion.
Sandy soils can also overlay laterite.
Sandy soils can produce excellent alfalfa yields when properly fertilized and irrigated.
Sandy soils contain large sized soil particles that are loose and easy to work.
Sandy soils contain mostly sand.
Sandy soils drain quickly, and have good root growth.
Sandy soils drain quickly.
Sandy soils drain rapidly and thus are susceptible to leaching problems.
Sandy soils drain superbly and are inexpensive to work, therefore modest budgets go a long way.
Sandy soils drain very well but retain little moisture for plant growth.
Sandy soils dry out faster and warm up quicker in the spring.
Sandy soils dry quickly and hold less nutrients.
Sandy soils have a coarse texture.
Sandy soils have a higher bulk density, but are easier to plow since they have weaker consistence.
Sandy soils have a lower storage capacity than silts and clays but have higher infiltration rates.
Sandy soils have a much lower capacity to adsorb pesticides.
Sandy soils have good drainage and aeration but retain little water.
Sandy soils have large continuous pores, while clays have small pores which transmit water slowly.
Sandy soils have large pore spaces between individual particles.
Sandy soils have large pores and a higher porosity than clays and other fine-grained soils.
Sandy soils have large pores and low surface areas, allowing water to drain rapidly.
Sandy soils have large soil particles and feel gritty.
Sandy soils have little ability to stop sulphur leaching, so that they often contain little sulphur.
Sandy soils have more micropores than clayey soils.
Sandy soils have mostly large pores, while loams and clays have a wide distribution of pore sizes.
Sandy soils have opposite problems.
Sandy soils have problems retaining moisture and nutrients.
Sandy soils have very large pore spaces.
Sandy soils have very little capacity to hold moisture and dry out quickly between waterings.
Sandy soils have very little clay.
Sandy soils hold only a little water .
Sandy soils intake surface water rapidly and therefore offer less protection than silts or clays.
Sandy soils leach more heavily than clay or high organic matter soils.
Sandy soils lose nutrients quickly and become acidic when nitrogen is added.
Sandy soils lose water because they drain quickly, and clay soils lose water to runoff.
Sandy soils lose water too quickly and are low in nutrients.
Sandy soils make more foliage and less blooms.
Sandy soils make up the southern part of the watershed.
Sandy soils offer poor growth conditions because of low levels of moisture and nutrients.
Sandy soils pass water through very quickly.
Sandy soils pose other difficulties for vegetation.
Sandy soils produce the highest quality sweet potatoes.
Sandy soils require a lot more nutrients.
Sandy soils require frequent applications of nitrogen and potash during the life of the crop.
Sandy soils require frequent fertilizing and watering.
Sandy soils require more fertilizer than loam or clay.
Sandy soils require more frequent applications of nitrogen and other nutrients than clay-type soils.
Sandy soils require more frequent watering.
Sandy soils require more frequent, shorter watering.
Sandy soils require more irrigation to insure adequate root zone moisture.
Sandy soils require more water to maintain good plant growth than heavy loam or clay soils.
Sandy soils retain much more water longer, clay soils have better drainage and tilth.
Sandy soils retain the least amount of water, while silt loam and clay loam soils hold the most.
Sandy soils support different vegetation and wildlife.
Sandy soils tend to be droughty and low in nutrients.
Sandy soils tend to be more acid than the more fertile loams and clays.
Sandy soils tend to be more acidic than the more fertile loams and clays.
Sandy soils tend to drain better and are thus somewhat drier, warmer, and more sparsely vegetated.
Sandy soils tend to drain better than clay soils.
Sandy soils tend to drain rapidly making the soil drier than silt loam soils.
Sandy spots are scarce.
Sandy stretches handicap our progress.
Sandy trails firm up from frost and the crowds are only a memory.
Sane buildings help a lot - that's one thing.
Any sane businessman is.
Sane combatants fight for an end to fighting.
Every sane individual seeks peace.
Sane leaders foster insane passion.
Sane leadership is absolutely vital in politics and indispensable in private enterprise.
All sane men believe that there is such a thing as a self, or ego, which is continuous.
Sane people are bad at psychology.
Sane people are too busy bandaging their ears.
Sane people get out of the business and are never heard from again.
Sane people know the difference.
Sane people pick the bike up and crawl down.
Sane people think of the consequences of their actions.
Sane people watch the news.
All sane people know that's the case.
Most sane people hate having to troubleshoot problems with their operating systems.
Sang isa herb.
Sangs have (part) bark.
Sangs have (part) cell membranes.
Sangs have (part) cells.
Sangs have (part) corpi.
Sangs have (part) cytoplasm.
Sangs have (part) nuclei.
Sangs have (part) plasma membranes.
Sangs have (part) root caps.
Sangs have (part) root hair.
Sangs have (part) sections.
Sangs have (part) vacuoles.
Sangs have (part) vegetables.
Sangachal terminal is ready for to transfer the oil.
Sangha building comes from inside.
Sangha members are welcome to attend.
Sangha members are welcome to participate and make an offering for the children.
Sangha members live by a code of over three hundred moral precepts.
Sangha members make offerings at the site of the future retreat center.
Sangha members participate in discussions on a wide range of Buddhist topics.
All sangha members are welcome to attend board meetings and provide input.
A sangria is a drink
Sangria is of Spanish origin, becoming famous throughout Spain's restaurants and outdoor cafes.
Sanguine people are cheerful and unaccountably optimistic.
More sanguine persons think that the struggle is nearly now at an end.
A sanguine is red
Sanguines are full of energy.
Sanguines are people oriented, and love having playmates.
Sanguines are red.
Sanguines are usually dare-devils, climbers, act now and think later kids.
Sanguivorous leeches can ingest several times their own weight in blood at one meal.
Sanhe cattle can also stand harsh feeding and resist insect bites.
Sanhe horses are compact and muscular.
Most Sanibel inhabitants reside in close-knit condominium neighborhoods.
Sanibel soils have a histic epipedon.
Sanibel soils have Histic epipedons.
A sanicle is a herb
Sanicle loosens phlegm, making it easier to cough up.
Sanitary certificates are mandatory for domestic animals being taken out of the country.
A sanitary condition is a condition
Sanitary conditions are conditions.
Sanitary conditions are extremely poor in the camps which are referred to as welfare centres .
Sanitary conditions are generally adequate.
Sanitary conditions are good.
Sanitary conditions are poor, increasing the risk of disease.
Sanitary conditions are poor.
Sanitary conditions are terrible.
Sanitary conditions are very good.
Sanitary cycles are capable of killing dust mites, germs, and bacteria.
Sanitary design permits easy removal of elements from the pipe for cleaning.
Sanitary engineers use Peppermint oil to test the tightness of pipe joints.
Sanitary facilities are available in most areas.
Sanitary facilities are poor and constitute a health risk.
Sanitary facilities are subject to approval by the health department.
Sanitary facilities vary.
Sanitary finishes are possible even on deep parts with attachments welded on the bottom.
Sanitary inspectors are high school or college graduates, or have attended some years of college.
A sanitary landfill is a landfill
Sanitary landfills are landfills.
Sanitary landfills are more expensive than town dumps.
Sanitary landfills are sites where waste is isolated from the environment until it is safe.
Sanitary landfills consist of a series of cells or sections.
Sanitary landfills generate leachate, a complex mixture of organic and inorganic pollutants.
Sanitary measures are critical.
Sanitary measures are equally important in controlling insect and mite pests.
Sanitary measures are important.
Sanitary measures are most important in controlling cholera outbreaks.
Sanitary measures are often the only ones needed in the home garden.
Sanitary measures are the most effective means of controlling peony diseases.
A sanitary napkin is a pad
Sanitary napkins are more widely available.
Sanitary napkins cut to size for larger wounds work quite well.
Sanitary permits are valid for two years.
Sanitary pipe fittings.
Sanitary protection is of paramount importance for Argentina.
Sanitary quality is good at all three locations.
Sanitary quality is marginally poor.
Sanitary quality is very good.
Sanitary regulations apply to virtually all food imports.
Sanitary services are negligible.
Sanitary sewage is a health hazard.
Sanitary sewage travels from property owners' lateral sewers into local sanitary sewers.
Sanitary sewer is available with a proposed extension and pumping station.
Sanitary sewer overflows are the subject of a federal lawsuit against Hamilton County.
Sanitary sewers account for the majority of sewers in the region.
Sanitary sewers are to be provided solely for the collection and transport of sanitary waste.
Sanitary sewers carry household, industrial, and commercial waste.
Sanitary sewers carry household, industrial, and commercial wastewater.
Sanitary sewers carry wastes from homes, industry, and businesses to treatment plants.
Sanitary sewers carry wastewater to treatment plants.
All sanitary sewer is transported to treatment facilities located outside the City of Arlington.
Sanitary shield keeps mouths away from nozzle.
Sanitary standards are high and the health system is excellent.
Sanitary standards are very high in Cuba, and the drinking water is safe in most places.
Sanitary standards are very high in Uruguay.
Sanitary ware is of high quality in various designs and matching colour schemes.
Sanitary waste is disposed of in sanitary landfills and is treated in sewage treatment plants.
Sanitary waste is eliminated through the use of the composting toilets.
Sanitation ratings are snapshots, too.
Sanitation workers use handheld computers to communicate with the trash cans.
Some sanitation workers drive recycling trucks.
Sanitation also becomes an issue when dealing with back belts.
Sanitation also plays an important role in controlling apple scab.
Sanitation can almost always help reduce losses from scab and other minor diseases.
Sanitation can be fairly primitive outside the big hotels.
Sanitation can be important, if it can be implemented on an appropriate scale.
Sanitation combined with other cultural strategies can provide a good control of bacterial blight.
Sanitation continues to be a major concern.
Sanitation Decreases population based pollution.
Sanitation Establish a concrete sanitation pad for delivery trucks.
Sanitation Establish the vineyard with clean phylloxera-free grapevines.
Sanitation has everything to do with whether milk passes or fails the daily milk grading process.
Sanitation has to be marketed like any other consumer good.
Sanitation helps keep yellowjacket problems to a minimum.
Sanitation helps prevent the spread of Dutch elm disease.
Sanitation helps to control slugs and snails.
Sanitation includes storm sewers and sanitary sewers.
Sanitation involves cleaning up all spilled or unused pet food especially at night.
Sanitation involves keeping the area clean.
Sanitation is a cleaning
Sanitation is a constant concern in a restaurant.
Sanitation is a critical component of control measures.
Sanitation is a great problem .
Sanitation is a key concern.
Sanitation is a key method of controlling the disease.
Sanitation is a major problem and there are fears of epidemics breaking out.
Sanitation is a major problem at the moment.
Sanitation is a major problem.
Sanitation is a problem in some regions.
Sanitation is a serious issue.
Sanitation is a simple way to eliminate pest problems.
Sanitation is a valuable part of brown rot control in the home orchard.
Sanitation is a valuable tool.
Sanitation is a very important component in successful gardening.
Sanitation is a very important issue as well.
Sanitation is absolutely essential for controlling the spread of infectious diseases.
Sanitation is accomplished by house-breaking at an early age.
Sanitation is achieved through rotation rather than chemicals.
Sanitation is achieved with the addition of a disinfectant, most commonly chlorine.
Sanitation is almost nonexistent.
Sanitation is also a major problem.
Sanitation is also an extremely important component to the control of Listeria .
Sanitation is also an important disease management strategy.
Sanitation is also critical.
Sanitation is also effective for tobacco mosaic virus of tomato.
Sanitation is also highly recommended to beat the life cycle and avoid infestation.
Sanitation is also important.
Sanitation is also quite important in the control of the papaya fruit fly.
Sanitation is also very bad, so people often get sick with diarrhea and other diseases.
Sanitation is also very important in reducing the incidence of baby pig scours.
Sanitation is also very important.
Sanitation is an effective control for some foliar diseases.
Sanitation is an important and often overlooked practice to control diseases in the home orchard.
Sanitation is an important means of control.
Sanitation is an important means of reducing cricket feeding and breeding sites.
Sanitation is an important part of incubating.
Sanitation is an important part of incubation.
Sanitation is an issue.
Sanitation is another benefit.
Sanitation is another common method of cultural control.
Sanitation is another key to prevention.
Sanitation is another method to prevent spreading weeds.
Sanitation is barely minimal.
Sanitation is best for controlling levels of exposure.
Sanitation is better.
Sanitation is by portolet at the main camp, and pit latrine at the site camp.
Sanitation is cleaning.
Sanitation is critical because decayed debris is an excellent source of inoculation.
Sanitation is critical for disease control.
Sanitation is critical for effective control.
Sanitation is critical for reducing beetle numbers.
Sanitation is critical for the people involved, though.
Sanitation is critical in a weed management program.
Sanitation is critical in cockroach control.
Sanitation is critical in keeping many diseases in check.
Sanitation is critical in roach control.
Sanitation is critical in the germination process.
Sanitation is critical to control.
Sanitation is critical to the control of all household insect pests that feed on foodstuffs.
Sanitation is critical.
Sanitation is deplorable and water supply is scarce.
Sanitation is enhanced when food is served on clean, white doilies rather than on permanent-ware.
Sanitation is especially important when feeding calves liquid diets.
Sanitation is essential .
Sanitation is essential.
Sanitation is extremely critical to successful control .
Sanitation is extremely critical to successful control.
Sanitation is extremely important in controlling black spot.
Sanitation is extremely important in the fig planting.
Sanitation is extremely important when trying to control apple anthracnose.
Sanitation is extremely important.
Sanitation is generally the most effective way to prevent bacterial disease.
Sanitation is helpful in apple maggot control.
Sanitation is important as weevils move from old fields to infest new plantings.
Sanitation is important because nematodes are easily spread with infested soil or plant material.
Sanitation is important for control of any greenhouse crop disease, and poinsettia is no exception.
Sanitation is important for leaf-spot control.
Sanitation is important in controlling iris leaf spot.
Sanitation is important in reducing the amount of fungal inoculum available for new infections.
Sanitation is important to successfully grow brambles.
Sanitation is important.
Sanitation is Important.
Sanitation is key for controlling pests in greenhouses.
Sanitation is key to managing gall rust diseases.
Sanitation is likely to be particularly effective in controlling worm infections.
Sanitation is more important in the confines of the orbiter than on Earth.
Sanitation is more important within the confines of a spaceship or space station than on Earth.
Sanitation is non-existent.
Sanitation is of no importance.
Sanitation is of utmost importance when making emulsified butter sauces .
Sanitation is often at or below third world standards.
Sanitation is one of the achievements of modern public health.
Sanitation is particularly important for weevil population management.
Sanitation is perhaps the biggest problem.
Sanitation is poor and hygiene levels are extremely low.
Sanitation is poor and people wind up drinking water downstream that is wastewater from upstream.
Sanitation is poor and the risk of disease increases as the weather gets warmer.
Sanitation is poor, malnutrition widespread and medical supplies grossly inadequate.
Sanitation is practiced by properly disposing of cull piles and by removing volunteer potato plants.
Sanitation is primitive.
Sanitation is public health.
Sanitation is really the key.
Sanitation is recommended when high codling moth populations are found at harvest and.
Sanitation is reportedly non-existent in the border areas on the Kosovo side.
Sanitation is responsible for collection of all residential trash and garbage.
Sanitation is several boards nailed together over a ditch to preseve modesty.
Sanitation is spotty, and alcohol is the only safe thing to drink.
Sanitation is such that the children suffer an unusually high rate of viral diseases.
Sanitation is the best control measure for drain flies.
Sanitation is the best control.
Sanitation is the best management strategy for the home garden.
Sanitation is the best means of prevention.
Sanitation is the best method of reducing problems that can arise once roses are established.
Sanitation is the best way to manage weeds in greenhouses.
Sanitation is the creation and maintenance of healthful or hygienic conditions.
Sanitation is the first and most important step in control of filth flies.
Sanitation is the first and most important step.
Sanitation is the first important step.
Sanitation is the first step in combatting infestations.
Sanitation is the key for the homeowner.
Sanitation is the key to longer shelf-life and product safety.
Sanitation is the key to prevention.
Sanitation is the key to reducing house dust mite populations.
Sanitation is the main prevention.
Sanitation is the most effective control.
Sanitation is the most important aspect of prevention.
Sanitation is the most important means of control.
Sanitation is the most important strategy in reducing widow spiders infestations around the home.
Sanitation is the most practical method of spider control.
Sanitation is the primary means of controlling the other two virus diseases.
Sanitation is the primary means of controlling virus diseases.
Sanitation is the primary method of population reduction where infested stored products are found.
Sanitation is the removal or cleaning of sources of pest infestation.
Sanitation is the simplest means of controlling mealworms.
Sanitation is usually the cause.
Sanitation is very important in preserving the blooms.
Sanitation is very important in the overall management of brown rot.
Sanitation is very important to our customers in the food industry.
Sanitation is very important to reduce cockroach infestations.
Sanitation is very important to the production of good quality milk and to the health of the herd.
Sanitation is very important when an examination is done.
Sanitation is very important.
Sanitation is VERY important.
Sanitation is vital.
Sanitation is water-borne, and there are a number of fresh water taps on the field.
Sanitation means that environmental conditions are compatible with health.
Sanitation operates from an office located at the garage.
Sanitation pertains to both the cleanliness and wholesomeness of the food.
Sanitation plays a very important role in preventing mold in bread.
Sanitation principles essential to commercial kitchen personnel.
Sanitation Provides commercial and residential collection of municipal solid waste.
Sanitation remains a primary concern, particularly in urban areas and relief camps.
Sanitation remains a problem however.
Sanitation Remove any spiders found by vacuuming.
Sanitation supplies Special items for infant, elderly or disabled family members.
Sanitation Thoroughly clean the greenhouse.
Sanitation usually keeps the disease in check.
Sanitation usually provides the best control.
A sanitization is a cleaning
Sanitization is very important during and after a disaster.
Sanity becomes an Attribute, just like Damage Capacity.
Sanity begins on the holodynamic plane.
Sanity breeds insanity.
Sanity check the delivered files.
Sanity comes in several forms.
Sanity depends on correct information.
Sanity depends on it.
Sanity has many genres mixed together, it is a very difficult game to fit in one category.
Sanity is a cozy lie.
Sanity is a funny thing.
Sanity is a madness put ot good uses.
Sanity is a madness put to good uses.
Sanity is a word for fools and cowards.
Sanity is an excuse for the unimaginative.
Sanity is but an imaginary dream, hear the primal voice within-awake and scream.
Sanity is defined as soundness of mind.
Sanity is down.
Sanity is for people with routines, stress and a lack of hats.
Sanity is for the psychiatrists, and numbers are for the scientists and homosexuals.
Sanity is gained or lost.
Sanity is indeed a thin line.
Sanity is madness put to good uses.
Sanity is maintained by an assumed apathy and quiet resignation.
Sanity is mental health
Sanity is mental health.
Sanity is no stranger where love is open, free of danger.
Sanity is overrated, and a subjective term at best.
Sanity is probably a liability rather than an asset here.
Sanity is replaced by madness, a madness that sweeps all rational thinking before it.
Sanity is so much nicer, that it is contagious.
Sanity is subjective.
Sanity is the mark of stability.
Sanity is the playground for the unimaginative.
Sanity is the playground of the unimaginative.
Sanity is truly an elusive concept.
Sanity is very weird.
Sanity needs to be brought to bear on the prevailing situation.
Sanity plays the role of insanity.
Sanity says wait.
Sanity takes a sudden leave of absence.
A sannyasin is a beggar
Sannyasins abhor the word householder .
Sannyasins never recall the past.
SanPharma products are available only through licensed health care practitioners.
A sansevieria is a tracheophyte
Sansevieria are no different.
Sansevieria is another interesting plant that can be started from leaf cuttings.
Sansevierias are agaves.
Sansevierias come from Africa.
Sansevierias sprout randomly.
Santec designs range from the modern to the classic.
Santiago newspapers are full of stories linking the murder of Cuba.
Sap beetles are beetles.
Sap beetles are minute to small.
Sap beetles are more of a problem in fields where fruit is overripe.
Sap beetles are most troublesome from midsummer to mid-autumn.
Sap beetles are mostly small black or dark insects that are flattened and broadly oval.
Sap beetles carry the disease spores from an infected red oak to the wound on a live or red oak.
Sap beetles feed primarily on damaged tissue but do little damage themselves.
Sap beetles vary considerably in size, shape, and habits.
Some sap beetles are important vectors of the oak wilt fungus.
Sap colour is different for different plants .
Sap colour is different for different plants.
Sap green is a green pigment that was traditionally made of ripe buckthorn berries.
Sap loss is minimal, barely visible and quickly ceases.
A sap is a person
Sap feeding on beans causes leaves to be stunted, crinkles, and curled downward.
Sap runs best in healthy trees with healthy, strong bark and wood.
Sap sucking insects isert a probiscus into the plant and remove sap.
SAPs also force Southern governments to sell natural resources to pay debt.
SAPs also widen the gulf between the rich and the poor.
SAPs are a big part of the problem.
Saps are albums.
SAPs are anti-democratic in more than one way.
SAPs are good for one school year only.
Saps are located in tree trunks.
Saps are located in trees.
Saps are solutions.
SAPs are structural adjustment programmes.
SAPs are valid only for a year.
SAPs call for increased exports to generate foreign exchange to service debt.
SAPs can reform economies in positive ways but can also contribute to poverty.
SAPs involve an unacceptable intervention in the affairs of sovereign states.
SAPs use a distinct set of catch-phrases.
SAPs usually mean severe cutbacks in public spending.
A saphenous vein is a vein
Saphenous vein is used for heart by-pass surgery.
Sapience is apt to be shared.
Sapience is awareness of that awareness.
Sapience is power
A sapling is a tree
Saplings are inexpensive and they grow fast.
Saplings are maple and oak, which bulge out the dual domes while masking the artificiality of steel.
Saplings are trees.
Saplings are young trees.
Saplings flourish in damp, well-lit areas.
Saplings grow around the charred foundation.
Saplings grow up, start to lean over the creek, fall in, and get washed away.
Some saplings wither and die under the canopy of large established trees.
Saponaceous bodies are compounds of an acid and a base, and are in reality a kind of salts.
A saponification is reaction
Saponification cleaves the two esters bonds and frees monoalkyl glycerols .
Saponification is the conversion of an oil and alkali into natural soap and glycerin.
Saponification is the reaction between a fat and a base that produces soap.
Saponification is the term applied to the hydrolysis of fats using a strong alkali like lye.
Saponification is what happens when a fatty acid meets an alkali.
Saponification occurs in the presence of a base to produce the carboxylate salt and alcohol.
Saponification remains the basic chemistry.
Saponifications are chemical reaction.
A saponin is a glycoside
Saponins also have a cholesterol lowering effect which reduces the risk of heart disease.
Saponins also reduce the risk of some cancers.
Saponins are a class of compounds, each consisting of a sapogenin portion and a sugar moiety.
Saponins are a compound found in legumes and legume sprouts.
Saponins are a diverse group of nutrients found in a variety of plants.
Saponins are also diverse in ginseng.
Saponins are also present in small amounts in some foods, such as soybeans and peas.
Saponins are bitter and reduce the palatability of livestock feeds.
Saponins are glycosides with a distinctive foaming characteristic.
Saponins are quite bitter and can be found in many common foods such as some beans.
Saponins can bind cholesterol and thus interfere with cell growth and division.
Saponins cause changes in the microstructure of cell membranes and they lyse red blood cells.
Saponins fight cancer, lower cholesterol, and stimulate the immune system.
Saponins form strong insoluble complexes with cholesterol.
Saponins have a cleansing action on anything - acting as a detergent, just like a soap.
Saponins have many gifts to offer the human body in the area of health.
Saponins have soap-like properties.
Saponins lower the surface tension of aqueous solutions and form colloidal dispersions in water.
Saponins prevent cancer cells from multiplying by interfering with their DNA replication process.
Saponins prevent fats from entering the blood stream.
Many saponins are piscicides, that is, they have the ability to stun fish.
Many saponins have molluscicidal activity.
Most saponins are also diuretic.
Sapphire crystal is scratch proof and is a better option than plastic or glass.
Sapphire mining is available indoors year-round.
Sapphire aims at being small and fast and built for lower end hardware.
Sapphire bearing shallow wash covers most of the area and it has been extensively worked.
Sapphire changes from purple to a blue green.
Sapphire coating on lens helps cut down on glare.
Sapphire comes in every color of the rainbow and the other colors are rarer than the blues.
Sapphire comes through the front door, stops short, staring at Pearl.
Sapphire comes with drivers for cursors, icons, and bitmap images.
Sapphire exhibits very low thermal expansion at cryogenic temperatures.
Sapphire is blue
Sapphire is blue.
Sapphire is jewels.
Sapphire is minerals.
Sapphire is people.
Sapphire is perhaps the toughest and most durable gemstone available on the market.
Sapphire is precious stones.
Sapphire looks clean and simple.
Sapphire occurs in many colors ranging from colorless to black.
Sapphire represents truth and constancy, piety and goodness.
Sapphire represents truth, sincerity and consistency.
Sapphire scratch resistant crystal.
Sapphire symbolizes faithfulness and sincerity.
Sapphire walks on two legs.
Sapphires are a classic example.
Sapphires are always nice.
Sapphires are often heat treated to improve their color.
Sapphires are one of our favorite gemstones.
Sapphires are related to rubies .
Sapphires are very hard stones, so store carefully to avoid scratching other jewelry.
Sapphires are well known among the general public as being blue, but it can be nearly any color.
Sapphires come in a variety colours such as green, yellow, blue, white and pink.
Sapphires come in all colors, blue being the most favored.
Sapphires come in all spectrums of color, except for red.
Sapphires exhibit more colors with greater intensity than any other gemstone.
Sapphires have a royal legacy as engagement ring choices.
Sapphires have long history .
Sapphires have long history.
Sapphires mined are a mixture of dark blue, parti-colours and fancy stones.
Sapphires present the best gemstone value, and their cool hue looks stunning set in platinum.
Sapphires range from white through blue, violet, yellow, and green to near black.
Sapphires render black magic harmless, and help the wearer discern falsehoods.
Sapphires symbolize clear thinking and are good for Virgo.
Sapphires vary in color from deep blue to white.
Many sapphires are small, ratty and have poor colouring.
Sapric peat is very dark and is the most decomposed of the three peat types.
A saprobe is an organism
Saprobes are essential to life on earth because a.
Saprobes are organisms that get nutrients by breaking down the remains of dead plants and animals.
Saprobes are organisms.
Saprobes derive their nourishment from dead organic material.
Saprobes get their nutrients from nonliving matter.
Saprobic basidiomycetes can decompose the complex polymer lignin, an abundant component of wood.
Saprolitic shales can be nearly white.
A saprophyte is an organism
Saprophytes absorb nutrients from dead leaves, on rotting wood, or in dung or compost heaps.
Saprophytes are organisms that act as rainforest decomposers.
Saprophytes are organisms.
Saprophytes are very significant in that they can have positive and negative impacts.
Saprophytes break down dead plants and animals.
Saprophytes decompose detritus completing the cycle.
Saprophytes derive their nutrients from decaying organic matter.
Saprophytes feed on dead or decaying material and are important nutrient recyclers.
Saprophytes grow in mulch on the forest floor.
Saprophytes obtain their food from dead organic matter.
Saprophytic bacteria feed off dead and decaying matter.
Most saprophytic bacteria excrete usable nutrients.
Saprophytic fungi are commonly active around woody plant residue.
Saprophytic fungi are the decomposers and live on dead organic material.
Saprophytic fungi decompose dead organic matter and recycle elements in ecosystems.
Saprophytic mites live off dead material.
A sapsago is Swiss cheese
Sapsago is used primarily for grating and adds interest to everything from salads to pasta.
Sapsucker damage is common on cucumbertree.
A sapsucker is a woodpecker
Sapsuckers also associate with only aspen of a reasonable size.
Sapsuckers are a group of four species known for literally drinking the sap of trees.
Sapsuckers are birds.
Sapsuckers are present, leaves are off the trees, and the birds are active.
Sapsuckers are the most migratory of all the woodpeckers.
Sapsuckers are woodpeckers.
Sapsuckers can drill as many as fifty holes per hour into trees.
Sapsuckers create the holes and feed on sap.
Sapsuckers drill many holes around a tree trunk then come back and eat the bugs trapped in the sap.
Sapsuckers drill very small holes in trees to feed on sap.
Sapsuckers feed on the sap of living trees, rather than on insects in dead or dying wood.
Sapsuckers feed on the sap, and songbirds such as the pine siskin and chickadee feed on the seeds.
Sapsuckers feed on tree sap as well as insects.
Sapsuckers have brush-like tongues that hold the sap of trees by capillary action.
Sapsuckers have white rumps and white patches on their shoulders.
Sapsuckers inhabit forests, orchards, and woodlots.
Sapsuckers kill trees .
Sapsuckers live in woodlands and aspen groves, and can also be found in orchards in the winter.
Sapsuckers only drill holes during the spring and summer, while sap is running.
Sapsuckers spend the summer in Canada and the winter in the southern United States.
Sapsuckers usually excavate a new nest each year, sometimes in the same tree.
Sapwood penetration is reported to be good, but heartwood penetration is slight and streaky.
A sapwood is wood
Sapwood has good permeability if incised.
Sapwood is distinct, narrow, yellowish brown.
Sapwood is lighter cream colored.
Sapwood is lighter in color and merges gradually with the heartwood.
Sapwood is lighter, but darkens to about the same as heartwood.
Sapwood is moderately well defined and lighter in colour than heartwood.
Sapwood is pale tan to white.
Sapwood is reported as treatable using the boric acid diffusion process.
Sapwood is reported to be permeable and heartwood rated as moderately resistant.
Sapwood is reported to have good absorption and penetration.
Sapwood is reported to treat well, particularly with a high end-grain exposure.
Sapwood is reported to treat well.
Sapwood is white or cream colored.
Sapwood is white to brownish white.
Sapwood is white to cream.
Sapwood is white to yellowish, heartwood is reddish brown.
Sapwood is white, blending into the light brown heartwood.
Sapwood is white, heartwood dark brown.
Sapwood is yellowish-white and clearly demarcated from heartwood.
Sapwood tends to be lighter in color.
Sapwoods are wood.
Saracen fleet takes possession of Sardinia.
Saralegui soils have an argillic horizon and lack rock fragments.
Saran wrap is placed under the lid and a few holes are poked with the push pins for air.
Saran wrap makes plastic wrap in a few different colors like rose, blue and yellow.
Sarangi music is vocal music.
Most sarangi players learn to sing before they begin to play.
Saratoga Battlefield is a few miles East of town.
Saratoga chips are great for dipping in the tasty sauce.
Saratoga County is a wonderful place to live.
Saratoga County is highlighted in the map of New York.
Saratoga county is on the western side of the Hudson River.
Saratoga County is rich in history and offers a selection of restored historic homes and parks.
Saratoga County is the second fastest-growing county in New York.
Saratoga Lake is only five minutes away for boating or fishing.
Sarayu river is mentioned in Ramayana.
A sarcasm is wit
Sarcasm isa wit.
Sarcasm sounds rude, so don t use it.
Some sarcasm is intended, of course.
Sarcastic comments go in one ear and right out the other.
Sarcastic cuts are basically putdowns and they can be mean.
Sarcastic remarks fill the air.
Sarcastic remarks irritate and challenge people who are already angry.
Sarcastic types use words as weapons, often destroying harmony in a group and causing resentment.
Sarcocystis species are protozoa that occasionally cause abortion in cattle.
Sarcodines use their pseudopods to trap food.
Sarcoid arthritis is persistent and nondestructive, affecting predominantly the large joints.
Sarcoid research is valuable.
Many sarcoidosis patients have no symptoms at all.
Most sarcoidosis patients have no symptoms at all.
A sarcoidosis is pathology
Sarcoidosis affects both men and women, although women are more likely to have the disorder.
Sarcoidosis affects both sexes, all races, and all ages throughout the world.
Sarcoidosis affects each patient differently.
Sarcoidosis also appears to be more common and more severe in certain geographic areas.
Sarcoidosis can affect any organ system.
Sarcoidosis can affect any part of the body.
Sarcoidosis can affect nearly any organ, with the possible exception of the adrenal gland.
Sarcoidosis can also affect the liver, spleen, brain, nerves, heart, bones, muscles, and joints.
Sarcoidosis can also cause high levels of calcium to accumulate in the blood and urine.
Sarcoidosis can also cause the heart to beat abnormally.
Sarcoidosis can also lead to obstructive hydrocephalus.
Sarcoidosis can arise in scars from a variety of etiologies.
Sarcoidosis can be completely symptomless.
Sarcoidosis can cause bilateral facial weakness.
Sarcoidosis can cause high levels of calcium to accumulate in the blood and urine.
Sarcoidosis can cause inflammation of the optic nerve.
Sarcoidosis can cause the heart to beat abnormally.
Sarcoidosis can occur at any age and in people of any race.
Sarcoidosis can occur without symptoms.
Sarcoidosis causes a variety of symptoms or no symptoms at all.
Sarcoidosis causes both bone and skin disease.
Sarcoidosis is a chronic disease with involvement of multiple organs.
Sarcoidosis is a chronic disorder that affects many body systems.
Sarcoidosis is a chronic illness affecting people of all ages and races.
Sarcoidosis is a commonly found cause of iritis in adults, especially in African-American women.
Sarcoidosis is a complex multi system autoimmune disease.
Sarcoidosis is a diagnosis of exclusion for the pathologist.
Sarcoidosis is a difficult disease to diagnose.
Sarcoidosis is a disease of the lungs in which small areas of inflamed cells, granulomas, appear.
Sarcoidosis is a disease that can affect any organ in the body.
Sarcoidosis is a medical mystery.
Sarcoidosis is a multi-organ system disease with no known cause.
Sarcoidosis is a multisystem disease than can affect a variety of organs in the body.
Sarcoidosis is a multisystem granulomatous disease of unknown etiology.
Sarcoidosis is a multisystem granulomatous disorder.
Sarcoidosis is a multisystemic disease that can affect a variety of organs.
Sarcoidosis is a mysterious, powerful, and often systematic disease.
Sarcoidosis is a mystery disease.
Sarcoidosis is a rare disease that results from inflammation.
Sarcoidosis is a systemic disease characterized by abnormal tissue swellings throughout the body.
Sarcoidosis is a systemic disease that causes inflammatory granulomas in various organs and tissues.
Sarcoidosis is a systemic granulomatous disease shich most commonly affects black, young adults.
Sarcoidosis is also a cause of chronic or acute dacryocystitis.
Sarcoidosis is also a granulomatous disease.
Sarcoidosis is an inflammatory disease that can affect almost any organ in the body.
Sarcoidosis is an inflammatory disease that can attack any organ of the body.
Sarcoidosis is another unlikely consideration.
Sarcoidosis is believed to be caused by an unusual response of the immune system.
Sarcoidosis is characterized by a persistent nodular inflammation of the involved tissues.
Sarcoidosis is characterized by noncaseating granulomas.
Sarcoidosis is characterized by the formation of what are known as granulomas.
Sarcoidosis is characterized by the presence of small areas of inflammed cells called granulomas.
Sarcoidosis is controllable.
Sarcoidosis is found throughout the world among almost all races and ages and in both sexes.
Sarcoidosis is found throughout the world within almost all races and ages and in both sexes.
Sarcoidosis is generally a chronic disease, lasting for several years or for a lifetime.
Sarcoidosis is more common in health care workers, especially nurses, and in rural areas.
Sarcoidosis is more common in women than in men.
Sarcoidosis is more prevalent among black American women, although anyone can contract the disease.
Sarcoidosis is often asymptomatic.
Sarcoidosis is very rare in young children, if it occurs it is more likely in adolescence .
Sarcoidosis is very rare in young children, if it occurs it is more likely in adolescence.
Sarcoidosis Learn the basics about sarcoidosis, including symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment.
Sarcoidosis occurs in all ages and races and in both sexes.
Sarcoidosis occurs in highly variable groups.
Sarcoidosis occurs when the body s immune system overreacts to an unknown agent.
Sarcoidosis ranks among the top misdiagnosed illnesses and is one of the least understood.
Sarcoidosises are diseases.
Sarcoidosises are pathology.
Sarcoidosis sometimes mimics other diseases and vice versa, so it is hard to trace.
Sarcolemmal foldings form many secondary synaptic clefts.
Sarcoma arises in the connective tissue of the body.
Sarcoma botryoides iv.
Sarcoma covers all aspects of connective tissue oncology.
Sarcoma is a malignant tumor found in connective tissues such as bone, muscle and cartilage.
Sarcoma is a term used for tumour cells that resemble embryonic connective tissue cells.
Sarcoma is an unusual form of breast tumor.
Sarcoma is cancer of connective tissue, such as cartilage, muscle, or bone.
Sarcoma is cancer
Sarcoma is cancer.
Sarcoma is committed to the rapid publication of international articles of high academic standard.
Sarcoma is diseases.
Sarcoma is named according to the type of tissue in which it begins to grow.
Sarcoma spreads very easy and is a very aggresive cancer.
A sarcomere is a segment
Sarcomere isa segment.
Sarcomeres are composed of thin and thick filaments and titin arranged in repeating units.
Sarcomeres are part of myofibril.
Sarcomeres are present.
Sarcomeres are segments.
Sarcomeres are the basic structure of muscle function.
Sarcomeres are the smallest contractile units of muscle fiber.
Sarcomeres contain thick and thin filaments .
Most sarcomeres are part of myofibril.
Sarcophagid flies are conspicuous and commonly found in dead bodies.
Sarcoptic mange afflicts dogs, cats, and other animals, including humans.
Sarcoptic mange can be very difficult to definitively diagnose.
Sarcoptic mange can infect all ages and breeds of dogs.
Sarcoptic mange is a highly contagious disease caused by very small external parasites called mites.
Sarcoptic mange is a reportable and quarantinable disease.
Sarcoptic mange is contagious to canines and humans.
Sarcoptic mange is highly contagious and usually passed from one infected dog to another.
Sarcoptic mange is highly contagious.
Sarcoptic mange is highly infectious and can spread from dog to dog.
Sarcoptic mange is intensely itchy and can be passed between dogs and humans.
Sarcoptic mange is sometimes deadly to foxes and coyotes.
Sarcoptic mange is the common mange in hogs.
Sarcoptic mange is the most important parasite affecting pigs.
Sarcoptic mange is very contagious to people and is called scabies in people.
Sarcoptic mange occurs in coyote populations throughout Nebraska.
Sarcoptic mange occurs in dogs of all ages, and is transmitted via contact with an infected dog.
Sarcoptic mites are obligate parasites which spend most of their lives in burrows in the skin.
Sarcoptic mites burrow into the skin.
Sarcoptic mites can overtake an entire household in weeks and drive a dog to mutilate itself.
Sarcoptic mites cause sarcoptic mange, which is the more common form.
Sarcoptic mites form definite burrows under the skin in which females deposit eggs.
A sard is quartz
SaRD gives the student insight as to why it works.
Sard offers protection against incantations and sorcery, and they sharpen the wit.
Sardak soils are calcareous.
Sardak soils are on nearly level to rolling flood plains.
Sardine ball Cut the heads off just behind the gills of sardine .
Sardine fishing is important.
A sardine is a food fish
Sardine isa seafood.
Sardines also have an important place in Sicilian cooking.
Sardines are a favorite fish specialty of the coastal regions of Morocco.
Sardines are a quick and easy way to add life to a party.
Sardines are also delicious pan-fried or sauteed.
Sardines are fish.
Sardines are good bait for raccoons or opossums while tuna fish works on skunks.
Sardines are of interest for a number of reasons.
Sardines are saltwater fish.
Sardines are small schooling fish that inhabit coastal subtropical and temperate waters.
Sardines are use because of their high oil content.
Sardines can be sauteed with herbs and chili.
Sardines constitute the main catch in the western and northeastern parts of the Mediterranean.
Sardines eat plankton in the sea.
Sardines Goes great with peanut butter and beer.
Sardines have a short life-cycle , living only two or three years .
Sardines have a short life-cycle, living only two or three years.
Sardines make by far the largest catch.
Sardines naturally grow in tins.
Every sardine thinks the ocean was made for it.
Most sardines are wild-caught, and cooked when very fresh.
Some sardines are for trading.
Sardinian cooks combine garlic, olive oil and capers with it to make zesty salads and hot dishes.
A sardonyx is an onyx
Sardonyx gives conjugal felicity.
Sardonyx helps in the healing of bones.
A saree is a dress
Sarees are simple with no borders.
Sarees are suitable for many occasions like parties and weddings.
Sarees are the common dress for womenfolk.
Sargassum triggerfish are one example.
Sargent cypress is a native, evergreen tree with a slender main trunk.
Sargent drive has good scenery.
Sari silk is a variation of china silk from India.
A sari is a dress
Saris are dresses.
Saris are fun to wear.
Saris are long pieces of cloth which the women ravel around their bodies which come with a blouse.
Saris make petites taller.
Every sari starts with tying it tightly, whether on the waist or chest.
Sarmatian limestone is one of numerous deposits of bygone millennia.
Sarmatian tombs reflect the norms of a warrior elite that seems to involve both men and women.
Sarnosa soils have coarse-loamy control sections.
Sarnosa soils occupy nearly level to moderately sloping uplands.
A sarong is a skirt
Sarongs are comfortable.
Sarongs are extremely comfortable and make even the most unendurable heat that much more endurable.
Sarongs are good altar cloths.
Sarongs are skirts.
Sarpy soils are on nearly level to rolling flood plains.
Sarpy soils contain less silt and clay and occur on similar landscapes.
A sarsaparilla is a soft drink
Sarsaparilla contains a substance similar to testosterone.
Sarsaparilla Helps the body make male hormones.
Sarsaparilla is probably the most thorough herb in cleansing the body.
Sarsaparilla reduces fevers by helping cool down the body and promoting perspiration.
Sarsaparillas are soft drinks.
Sarsaparillas are vines.
Sarsen stones are hard-grained sandstone with with a silaceous cement.
Sartene wine is well known amongst wine buffs as being a good drop .
Sartene wine is well known amongst wine buffs as being a good drop.
A sartor is a garment worker
Sartor blames the building for pushing people away.
Sartor ducks the question.
Sartor is Latin for tailor, and the sartorius is sometimes referred to as the tailors muscle.
Sartor is very hard to classify.
SAS information is available on the comp.soft-sys.sas newsgroup.
SAS statements are free-format.
SAS statements are very short and concise, and are written in free format.
Sasco soils are on adjacent terraces and are fine-silty.
Sasco soils are on stream terraces.
SASE data is deposited in publicly available databases to allow for wide distribution.
A sash lock is a lock
Sash locks provide extra security and insure a tight fit to the weather-stripping.
Sash locks provide security and weatherability.
A sash is a band
Sash are slot and tenoned for strength.
Sash blends the very latest in Web technology with the hottest features of desktop applications.
Sashes can be vertical, horizontal, or a combination of the two.
Sashes traditionally form part of formal military uniform and the royal attire.
Sashes typically fit within vinyl balances and tilt out and remove for safe, easy cleaning.
Sashs are bands.
Sashs are frameworks.
Sashs are part of windows.
Some sash can open and shut.
Saskatchewan is part of Canada.
Saskatchewan isa thing.
Saskatoon berries are reddish-purple to black, and are sweet and edible.
Saskatoon berries contain higher levels of protein, fat, and fiber than most other fruit.
Saskatoon serviceberry is a valuable wildlife plant.
Saskatoon serviceberry is planted as an ornamental and to produce commercial fruit crops.
A saskatoon is a berry
Saskatoon enjoys a picturesque country location, yet is only a short drive from Grand Rapids.
Saskatoon enjoys more hours of sunshine than any other major Canadian city.
Saskatoon is fun city to visit and has many great places to tour.
Saskatoon is rife with racism, sexism, and homophobia.
Saskatoon lies in a region of the world that has very definite seasons.
Saskatoon offers all of the amenities of a modern city at very reasonable prices.
Saskatoon offers more value per dollar than most Canadian cities.
Saskatoon provides cover, nesting and roosting for several bird species.
Saskatoon serviceberry response to repeated burning is unclear.
Saskatoon serviceberry toxic to deer.
Saskatoon starts the week eight points ahead of Regina who sits in fifth.
Saskatoons are berries.
Saskatoons are cities.
Saskatoons are native to Alberta.
Saskatoons are self-fertile, but they seem to do better when grown in groups.
Sasquatch activity is concentrated in North America.
Sasquatch Books Use the form below to get in touch.
Sassabies have (part) brains.
Sassabies have (part) breasts.
Sassabies have (part) cannon bones.
Sassabies have (part) cell membranes.
Sassabies have (part) cells.
Sassabies have (part) chest cavities.
Sassabies have (part) chests.
Sassabies have (part) corpi.
Sassabies have (part) cytoplasm.
Sassabies have (part) ears.
Sassabies have (part) faces.
Sassabies have (part) heads.
Sassabies have (part) hip sockets.
Sassabies have (part) hoofs.
Sassabies have (part) nuclei.
Sassabies have (part) piluses.
Sassabies have (part) plasma membranes.
Sassabies have (part) rib cages.
Sassabies have (part) second stomachs.
Sassabies have (part) sections.
Sassabies have (part) skulls.
Sassabies have (part) sterna.
Sassabies have (part) vacuoles.
Sassaby isa antelope.
Sassafras also carries many unusual titles, cards, gifts, jewelry and music from around the world.
Sassafras also offers a wide variety of reasonably priced wines on tap.
Sassafras Avoid excessive use.
Sassafras comes from a fragrant root.
Sassafras oil is important to several products.
Sassafras oil is oil
Sassafras tea comes from heating the root bark in water.
Sassafras tea is good for chills.
Sassafras tea is made from the root bark, it is refreshing and tonic.
Sassafras tea is served either hot or cold.
Satalite dish is even more costly.
Most Satanic cults are authoritarian in nature.
Satanic forces remain deeply entrenched.
Satanic iconography sells tons o' records to the wee ones, y'know.
Satanic imaginations dream up new perversion.
Satanic love diminishes because it is self-centered.
Satanic lust is self-directed and subversive of hierarchy.
Satanic talons sink into the soul.
Satay sauce is a little oily.
A satchel is luggage
Satchel provides mobile document services including printing, scanning and exchanging documents.
Sate laws differ.
A sateen is cloth
Sateen is the reverse of satin with a smooth weft face.
Sateens have a type of satin weave that gives the fabric a slight sheen and a soft, smooth feel.
Satelite Photos Find people.
Most satellelite predictions are good for several tens of miles away from the designated station.
Satellite altimeters measure the height of the sea surface with an accuracy of a few centimetres.
Satellite antennae come in a variety of sizes and shapes.
Satellite antennas allow the transmission and reception of signals from the ground.
Satellite antennas are parabolic.
Satellite antennas are popular, and amateur radio licenses are granted without hindrance.
Satellite Beach is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Satellite Beach offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Satellite Beach offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Satellite broadcasting is available.
Satellite campuses are a similar issue.
Satellite campuses exist in outreach areas.
Satellite campuses make the university's programs accessible to Atlanta's suburban residents.
Satellite cells represent stem cells held in reserve.
Satellite channels are another challenge.
Satellite channels tend to have short bursts of errors then a period of clear transmission.
Satellite cities are small rural cities with bright futures.
Satellite communication dominates Norwegian space activities.
Satellite communication is able to serve a wide portion of the earth s surface.
Satellite communication is global in nature.
Satellite communication is only available for a limited period each day.
Satellite communication is private.
Satellite communication is probably a bigger event than the discovery of the wheel.
Satellite communication offers borderless communication within the satellite coverage area.
Satellite communications allow owner to do business aboard.
Satellite communications are clearer, but are more expensive to use.
Satellite communications are contingent and depend on many factors.
Satellite communications are now affordable, reliable and available anywhere in the world.
Satellite communications can extend connectivity to remote areas quickly and efficiently.
Satellite communications can play a big role in disaster relief.
Satellite communications is a key ingredient here and so too is the emerging global fiber network.
Satellite communications is a lot of fun.
Satellite communications is an example of a service that often requires large HPAs.
Satellite communications is extremely reliable.
Satellite communications is the current hot button.
Satellite communications is typical of what electrical engineers work on.
Satellite communications remain a good way to set up large, low-cost data pipes.
Satellite communications takes the guess work out of determining pickup and delivery times.
All satellite communication provides is a typed alpha and or numeric message.
Much satellite communication is carried in English.
Some satellite constellations can cause singularities in carrier-phase processing.
Satellite coverage includes the Americas, Europe, Africa and Asia.
Satellite coverage is available throughout the world.
Satellite coverage is too scarce, and has measurements limited to narrow tracks in general.
Satellite dish is negotiable.
Satellite dishes are a crucial component in the analysis of satellite information.
Satellite dishes are available at various firms.
Satellite dishes are illegal, although they are increasingly tolerated.
Satellite dishes are much more reasonable.
Satellite dishes are popular, but expensive.
Satellite dishes are prime targets for lightning strikes.
Satellite dishes are very popular in the South.
Satellite dishes are visible some distance from the road on the left.
Satellite dishes are widely owned and provide foreign broadcasting without censorship.
Satellite dishes provide a wide range of sporting events for patrons.
Satellite dishes pull down hundreds of channels of television programming in Central America.
Satellite dishes remain illegal.
Satellite dishes run up the sides of the towers like buttons on a shirt.
Satellite dishes sprout from apartment buildings.
Satellite dishes sprout on the lawn like mushrooms.
Satellite dishes use poor quality ball bearings in their mountings.
Satellite dishs are located in roofs.
All satellite dishes incorporate a parabolic curve into the design of their bowl-shaped reflectors.
Satellite image shows islands of the Great Barrier Reef.
Satellite image shows the beach ridges parallel to modern-day barrier reef.
Satellite images are a prime example.
Satellite images are also fun.
Satellite images are an obvious source of data.
Satellite images are available as well.
Satellite images are available from many web sites.
Satellite images are digital photographs.
Satellite images are imagery.
Satellite images can aid the physical acquisition of field data in several ways.
Satellite images can make things harder to hide.
Satellite images can map the area and satellite navigation signals can help show the best route.
Satellite images can monitor ash clouds, to aid aircraft routing and public health teams.
Satellite images demonstrate that sometimes a distant vantage point is better than a close-up view.
Satellite images have good technical info.
Satellite images have their date and time in Zulu time, usually at the top or bottom margin.
Satellite images help show how green it is over a particular area.
Satellite images indicate the presence of hot lava flows in the caldera.
Satellite images provide a broad picture of our planet.
Satellite images provide a regional view of change.
Satellite images provide information about the cloud structure, and the speed and path of a storm.
Satellite images provide information about the extent of snow-covered area.
Satellite images provide only fragmentary information.
Satellite images reveal that essentially the whole area is now built up by urbanization.
Satellite images show a lot of variability in brightness indicating possible convective cells.
Satellite images show a new Chinese missile base capable of targeting Taiwan.
Satellite images show access roads.
Satellite images show numerous hot-spots in East Kalimantan.
Satellite images show quite clearly the ozone depletion in the stratosphere over recent decades.
Satellite images show roads.
Satellite images show springs, lakes and rivers drying up throughout the northern half of China.
Satellite images show the Caribbean to be devoid of phytoplankton compared to the Gulf of Maine.
Satellite images suggest that the hurricane is shearing rapidly.
Satellite images turn out to be easier and cheaper to get than aerial photos.
Satellite images turn up the focus on the ocean's floor.
Satellite images used by national and foreign experts support the findings.
Satellite images zip right in.
Many satellite images are extremely colorful.
Most satellite images have four kilometer or lower resolutions.
Most satellite images show access roads.
Most satellite images show roads.
Some satellite images show lakes.
Some satellite images show migration.
Some satellite images show oceans.
Some satellite images show rings.
Some satellite images show smoke.
Satellite imagery can help to assess damage and to plan for safe rebuilding.
Satellite imagery can provide the farm level information.
Satellite imagery consists of digital images of the Earth's surface from space.
Satellite imagery does indicate an outflow type feature moving northward across the northern Gulf.
Satellite imagery fills in the gaps.
Satellite imagery gives a clear picture of Russia's boreal forest fires .
Satellite imagery gives a clear picture of Russia's boreal forest fires.
Satellite imagery gives a global perspective on the ozone hole.
Satellite imagery has a generally lower resolution compared to aerial photography.
Satellite imagery has the benefit of spanning all curricular subject areas.
Satellite imagery indicates also indicate a hot spot in the vicinity of the cone.
Satellite imagery is a valuable tool in assessing the environmental impact of forest activities.
Satellite imagery is a very powerful way to get a sense of that change.
Satellite imagery is also to be used to target problem areas.
Satellite imagery is an example of passive remote sensing.
Satellite imagery is an important complement to seismic networks.
Satellite imagery is an important element in collecting remote sensing data.
Satellite imagery is another important type of monitoring.
Satellite imagery is extremely valuable because of the lack of weather reporting stations.
Satellite imagery is helpful in monitoring sea ice extent and temperature.
Satellite imagery is inherently interesting and wondrous.
Satellite imagery is limited to the resolution of the imagery.
Satellite imagery is nothing more than a grid of numbers.
Satellite imagery is the latest photo of the clouds.
Satellite imagery is the most effective method of revealing such data.
Satellite imagery is used as an analysis tool and also in forecasting tropical cyclone intensity.
Satellite imagery is used to study circulation patterns within the Gulf of Mexico.
Satellite imagery makes it easy to cover the atmospheric changes on a daily basis.
Satellite imagery offers a powerful new tool for such analyses.
Satellite imagery pinpoints the potential of inland valleys.
Satellite imagery shows a large thermal anomaly.
Satellite imagery shows a strange growth engulfing the side of the craft.
Satellite imagery shows above normal rainfall for the month.
Satellite imagery shows below-normal vegetation over the country.
Satellite imagery shows buoyant plumes respond, on the scale of hours, to changes in winds.
Satellite imagery shows considerable currently unmapped fire activity in remote areas.
Satellite imagery shows only limited large-fire activity during the past week.
Satellite imagery shows that fronts are a major feature in temperature-salinity distribution.
Satellite imagery shows that there is frozen ground water on the planet .
Satellite imagery shows that there is frozen ground water on the planet.
Satellite links allow for phone, fax and Internet feeds.
Satellite links are too expensive.
Satellite links have limitations, however.
Satellite links have wide coverage but at present are prohibitively expensive.
Satellite manufacturers sweat under the gun to get their creations ready for orbit.
Satellite maps are also available.
Satellite maps show cloud cover.
Satellite mapping finds soil damage.
Satellite meteorology is the measurement of weather by sensors aboard Earth-orbiting satellites.
Satellite meteorology is used to explore surface and atmospheric phenomena.
Satellite monitoring can also provide information on the evolution of fires as they develop.
Satellite navigation can also help pilots to land planes safely, especially in poor weather.
Satellite navigation expands the potential value of high-altitude imagery.
Satellite navigation is on the horizon.
Satellite navigation offers obvious advantages for managing transport.
Satellite navigation promises even greater benefits by supporting better approaches to more runways.
Satellite network seeks to link remote areas.
Satellite networks can also provide a greater bandwidth.
Satellite networks cost much less than international spot rates.
Satellite networks show the greatest promise for the future.
Satellite orbits are normally either polar or equatorial.
Satellite orbits decay . . .
Satellite phones are another option.
Satellite phones are sensitive to power requirements and weather.
Satellite phones are the only reliable form of communication.
Satellite phones are totally different than cellular service.
Satellite phones connect directly with a relay station orbiting overhead.
Satellite phones have their own area codes.
Satellite phones mean contact on shore for weather routing and emergencies.
Satellite photo reveals site of crashed copter .
Satellite photos confirm it.
Satellite photos indicate China has examined the aircraft's listening devices and other electronics.
Satellite photos indicate China is examining the aircraft's listening devices and other electronics.
Satellite photos indicate China is examining the aircraft's top secret surveillance equipment.
Satellite photos show clouds over or near the canoes.
Satellite photos show rain forest devastation has occurred at the same rate.
Satellite photos show spots of flames all across East Timor.
Satellite photos show that each of the Earth's magnetic poles are crowned with a halo of light.
Satellite photos suggest Chinese experts are inspecting the plane' s sophisticated electronics.
Satellite photos suggest Chinese experts are inspecting the plane's sophisticated electronics.
Satellite photos taken at night show a land with virtually no electricity outside the capital.
Satellite photographs are part of the evening news.
Satellite photography is a voyeurs dream come true.
Satellite photography seems to offer proof, but the final verdict is still out.
Satellite pictures are now widely available.
Satellite pictures are particularly helpful in locating depressions and fronts.
Satellite pictures can be off by many kilometers.
Satellite pictures can give biologists a lot of useful information about our planet.
Satellite pictures enable a global analysis of urban areas, including unofficial urban developments.
Satellite pictures show that the plumes of ozone stretch, at times, as far as South America.
Satellite pictures tell much about present geology, but little about the past.
Satellite radio is cool.
Satellite radio offers access to hundreds of radio stations.
A satellite receiver is a receiver
Satellite receiver is connected to electrical power last.
Satellite receivers are in place now to acquire real-time weather data.
Satellite receivers are part of communications satellites.
Satellite receivers are receivers.
Satellite receivers have a number of ways to control the household viewing.
Most satellite receivers have an input jack for a rooftop antenna.
Satellite reconnaissance is today a military tool of only wealthy and developed countries.
Satellite reconnaissance offers spectacular opportunities.
Satellite service has no allocation.
Satellite service is available through DirecPC nationwide.
Satellite service is available throughout the Valley through a separate company.
Satellite service is expensive for businesses.
Satellite services are also available.
Satellite services can place information on any spot with the precision of a surgeon s knife.
Satellite services constitute a more profitable segment than satellite equipment.
Satellite services have the same capacity issues as cable operators.
Satellite services provide two-way, business grade, high speed Internet access anywhere .
Satellite stations are still way to expensive.
Satellite stations provide simplified data entry.
Satellite systems allow for more accurate tracking of everything from cargo ships to missiles.
Satellite systems are extremely expensive.
Satellite systems are no exception.
Satellite systems can be a bit more tedious to install.
Satellite systems can link corporate data networks in far-flung locations.
Satellite systems have another drawback.
Satellite systems have more backups in case any one satellite experiences trouble.
Satellite systems help carriers track loads as well.
Satellite systems provide one of the best quality video images of all of the technologies.
All satellite systems seem to orbit near the equatorial plane of their parent planet.
Some satellite systems are on a shared dish.
Some satellite systems receive information from space-based satellites in stationary orbit.
Satellite telephones are also available in all seats to provide global and internal communication.
Satellite telephones are available for sales and rental.
Satellite television is also available.
Satellite television is also critical.
Satellite television is available.
Satellite television is provided in the lodge.
Satellite television is situated in living area.
Satellite television is television
Satellite television is television.
Satellite television makes programming from several Hispanic countries available to students.
Satellite televisions surround the tables for a great view of popular sporting events.
Satellite tournaments are the primary reason.
Satellite tracks show similarity.
Satellite tracking allows researchers to get detailed location data on a global scale.
Satellite tracking gives biologists a sample.
Satellite tracking is automatic.
Satellite tracking is discussed.
Satellite tracking is included.
Satellite tracking is more efficient but highly expensive.
Satellite tracking is used to monitor response vehicles, making deployment more efficient.
Satellite transmission are expensive but radio links are cheap.
Satellite transmission can beam instructional material to sites thousands of miles away.
Satellite transmission is one of the oldest, most established techniques for videoconferencing.
Satellite transmission is used for long distance education.
Satellite transmission offers an economical alternative to investing in terrestrial cables.
Satellite transmissions are also a problem to radio astronomy.
Satellite transmissions are one-way.
Satellite transmissions maintain accurate time.
Satellite transmissions suffer from latency, because the signal has to travel such long distances.
Satellite TV brings in the sports games from home.
Satellite TV can already adapt to digital signals.
Satellite TV can now be a true competitor to cable in Iowa.
Satellite viruses depend on other viruses for their expression.
A satellite is equipment
Satellite allows hotels to monitor reservations and bookings.
Satellite also transports broadband and multicast data effectively.
Satellite based networks are much more cost effective than traditional leased lines.
Satellite brings the best of current sporting and news events to five televisions.
Satellite continues to trump cable in terms of choice, too.
Satellite delivers most sports channels.
Satellite domes on the apses lead the eye upward towards the dominating central dome.
Satellite downlink available in videoconference room.
Satellite dwells over polar regions which change in longitude as the earth rotates.
Satellite finds organic molecules in interstellar dust from far beyond solar system.
Satellite is a cost-effective way to deliver certain types of traffic.
Satellite is a great night driving song.
Satellite is a lifeline to newsroom throughout the world.
Satellite is also too expensive, difficult to setup, and troublesome.
Satellite is always fun.
Satellite is cheaper, the channels are plentiful, and it feels good to hurt a cable company.
Satellite is cool.
Satellite is dependent on geography and subscription.
Satellite is digital and can offer hundreds of channels.
Satellite is exactly the same.
Satellite is extremely reliable.
Satellite is fast in download but unstable and prone to disconnection.
Satellite is globally available and can be used to offer high-speed service to all locations.
Satellite is healthy and progressing towards a nominal mission.
Satellite is in Burlington, Vermont, within a medical office building.
Satellite is in excellent condition.
Satellite is more versatile by having more options and accessories.
Satellite is one of the more efficient ways to multicast content.
Satellite is there.
Satellite is too expensive and a sailing yacht is no stable platform for the antenna.
Satellite is too expensive to even consider.
Satellite is ubiquitous.
Satellite is way too expensive.
Satellite is years away.
Satellite isa equipment.
Satellite makes paperless calibrations a reality.
Satellite measuring bottles make manual dilution quick, accurate and easy at remote work sites.
Satellite offers consistent high transmission quality, no matter how remote the location.
Satellite offers extension of data beyond radar range.
Satellite receive coordinates are below.
Satellite receiving dish size varies, so consult dealer.
Satellite relies on a satellite receiver like the ones used for television transmissions.
Satellite reveal massive iceberg is about to break free.
Satellite shows warming cloud tops as precipitation is ending.
Satellite sniffs out chemical traces of atmospheric pollution .
Satellite solves that equation.
Satellite uplinks and down-links are available.
Satellite uplinks and downlinks are possible in several rooms.
Satellite works on only one television set.
Satellites actually remain in orbit about Earth because of gravity.
Satellites allow farmers to detect pests, nitrogen shortages and soil element deficiencies.
Satellites allow fast transmission over immense distances with no loss of signal.
Satellites allow for the transformation of information in many forms.
Satellites allow measurements to be made over vast ocean areas on a daily basis.
Satellites allow meteorologists to see what the earth and clouds look like from space.
Satellites already give very accurate information on the ice area.
Satellites also appear as the living quarters for space-based thrillers.
Satellites also can see into space better than telescopes at Earth's surface.
Satellites also help correct errors due to the curvature of the Earth.
Satellites also help farmers protect their financial bottom lines.
Satellites also monitor pollution, maritime resources, oceanography, land use and agriculture.
Satellites also move in orbits at a wide variety of altitudes.
Satellites also serve an important role as a redundant, or backup system, to fiber-optic cable.
Satellites also slow their planets' rotation.
Satellites appear as a starlike dot moving across the sky in a straight line.
Satellites appear as small, steady, extremely fast-moving points of light.
Satellites are a completely different breed of television services.
Satellites are a different kind of poker.
Satellites are a four-week series of four tournaments.
Satellites are a good example of just how fused commerce and defense have become.
Satellites are a key component of almost every communication system.
Satellites are a relatively more expensive solution, in part because it is a wireless service.
Satellites are a substitute, but are prohibitively costly.
Satellites are able to take pictures of our planet at night, as well as in daylight.
Satellites are able to transmit information quickly from one part of the earth to another.
Satellites are accurate because they have atomic clocks on board.
Satellites are almost the only convenient way to monitor ice accumulations in the polar regions.
Satellites are also at risk during solar storms.
Satellites are also at risk.
Satellites are also indispensable in monitoring arms control agreements.
Satellites are also our worldwide eyes and ears.
Satellites are also wireless systems that use RF to communicate.
Satellites are always overhead, gathering data about our planet.
Satellites are an important component in true economy of scale.
Satellites are another type of hacking.
Satellites are anything but fixed, but the ground stations are.
Satellites are celestial bodies.
Satellites are cool but no substitute for the personal touch.
Satellites are devices that use sensors to observe Earth and our solar system.
Satellites are different.
Satellites are distance insensitive when it comes to transmission costs.
Satellites are downstairs in what is normally the poker room.
Satellites are electronic devices.
Satellites are equipment.
Satellites are expensive.
Satellites are far more efficient than ground lines at dispersing information to numerous locations.
Satellites are followers.
Satellites are future, but some ways off.
Satellites are great for picking up the jet streams with their sharp edges.
Satellites are heavenly bodies.
Satellites are here to stay and the number of programs available increase daily.
Satellites are ideal for areas with inhospitable geography or poor terrestrial infrastructure.
Satellites are key technologies for the future.
Satellites are laptop computers.
Satellites are located in orbits.
Satellites are located in solar systems.
Satellites are located in space.
Satellites are located near planets.
Satellites are most plentiful just after dusk and just before dawn.
Satellites are most visible in the hours after sunset or before sunrise.
Satellites are mostly commercial ventures.
Satellites are objects that orbit another object in space.
Satellites are out tonight.
Satellites are part of our daily lives.
Satellites are propelled by rockets to their orbits.
Satellites are quite heavy.
Satellites are sensitive to bad weather and sun spots.
Satellites are sensitive to the shock and vibration produced by rocket motors.
Satellites are spacecrafts.
Satellites are species.
Satellites are the common data collection method today.
Satellites are the most useful spacecraft's invented so far.
Satellites are the only technology that have economics independent of density.
Satellites are two-way, for the utmost sound clarity and power.
Satellites are ubiquitous and can reach any place and any user.
Satellites are used for a large number of purposes.
Satellites are used for spying.
Satellites are useful for weather observation because they are at an ideal vantage point.
Satellites are usually several hundred miles up.
Satellites are very good for getting a global view of what is going on 'now'.
Satellites bring newsgathering into a new era.
Satellites broadcast precisely defined signals that are used for ranging and data transmission.
Satellites broadcasting television typically provide many gigabytes of bandwidth.
Satellites can acquire information related to earth environment changes appropriately and globally.
Satellites can also lock into synchronous orbits and produce important effects.
Satellites can be natural, like moons, or made by people.
Satellites can be sneaky.
Satellites can cost billions of dollars.
Satellites can cover large areas of the Earth.
Satellites can detect volcanic eruptions and the motion of ash clouds.
Satellites can do more than just monitor the weather.
Satellites can experience increased drag reducing the lifetime of their orbits.
Satellites can experience increased drag, which reduces the lifetime of their orbits.
Satellites can experience problems with their memory devices and star tracking equipment.
Satellites can improve the country's communications and intelligence-gathering capacities.
Satellites can make a significant contribution.
Satellites can measure cloud fraction over the entire atmosphere and for all types of clouds.
Satellites can measure ocean surface temperatures shown in computer-generated colors.
Satellites can observe the Earth's atmosphere, surface and oceans.
Satellites can only resolve features larger than five square miles.
Satellites can only view the upper few meters of the ocean's surface.
Satellites can operate in several types of Earth orbit.
Satellites can orbit the Earth several times in a day.
Satellites can oversee the entire earth's surface on a periodical basis covering large areas.
Satellites can provide an image of the weather day or night, when sunlight is no longer available.
Satellites can provide continuous communication coverage over most of the earth.
Satellites can provide emergency communication.
Satellites can record everything except democracy and human rights.
Satellites can sometimes be damaged by particles from the sun, so there are hazards.
Satellites carry a lot of data service nowadays, but most are targeted at closed user groups.
Satellites carrying both generations of instruments continue to operate and provide data.
Satellites circle our globe in several types of orbits.
Satellites circle the planet in one hour.
Satellites circling the Earth can survey an entire Ocean in less than an hour.
Satellites come in all shapes and sizes and play a variety of roles.
Satellites come in many shapes and sizes and have many uses.
Satellites deliver powerful audio in space saving design.
Satellites do many things for people.
Satellites do sometimes fall out of orbit due to space weather events.
Satellites dominate Israeli international computer data market.
Satellites drift in a westerly direction.
Satellites drift out of position because of solar wind or gravitational or magnetic forces.
Satellites efficiently form heterochromatin, and heterochromatin silences genes.
Satellites embedded in the rings create gaps between the rings.
Satellites enable instantaneous worldwide news coverage.
Satellites Explain why a satellite stays in orbit and define orbit parameters.
Satellites gather key intelligence in peacetime or war.
Satellites give a uniquely comprehensive spatial and temporal view of the earth system.
Satellites go beyond borders.
Satellites go from one end of the sky to the other in one steady direction.
Satellites go mute.
Satellites have (part) sections.
Satellites have a certain unique advantage.
Satellites have a separate device to broadcast each channel, called transponders.
Satellites have comparative advantage.
Satellites have diverse communication payloads.
Satellites have four atomic clocks on board.
Satellites have many advantages for providing rural and remote areas with advanced communications.
Satellites have many uses of great value in scientific, military and communications fields.
Satellites have surfaces.
Satellites have the ability to transmit information virtually in an instant.
Satellites have the advantage of a bird's eye view of weather systems.
Satellites have the possibility of looking both at the Earth and at the Universe.
Satellites have the unique advantage of being able to cover large portions of the earth's surface.
Satellites having infrared channels, however, are capable of detecting hotspots, like fires.
Satellites hurl messages thousands of miles in a matter of seconds.
Satellites leave a faint, but very straight line.
Satellites look at many different types of light emitted by an object.
Satellites look like dim white stars.
Satellites looking toward Earth provide information about clouds, oceans, land and ice.
Satellites make accessing the U.S. backbone easier and faster.
Satellites make event coverage an exercise in channel availablity.
Satellites measure precipitation using visible, infrared and microwave channels.
Satellites misread global temperatures.
Satellites monitor weather patterns and human land use.
Satellites move across the sky, and every year they multiply.
Satellites now can differentiate between cars, small trucks and large trucks.
Satellites now observe the sea surface temperature, winds, elevation and color.
Satellites now play a role in everything from television to pagers to car navigation systems.
Satellites now record a similar view of actual events for scientists to study.
Satellites observe Earth systems from orbit.
Satellites offer a number of advantages, including their area of coverage, or footprint.
Satellites offer computer access and have limited access to printed resource materials.
Satellites offer maximum flexibility.
Satellites offer scientists daily, low-resolution data.
Satellites offer the ability to view large areas of land in a short period of time.
Satellites offer the best way to get around Internet traffic jams and bandwidth bottlenecks.
Satellites operate above the atmosphere.
Satellites orbit at several hundreds of miles above Earth.
Satellites orbit at the same speed as the earth's rotation therefore remaining in the same position.
Satellites orbit the earth, making repeated visits to places.
Satellites orbiting the Earth can gather comprehensive information.
Satellites orbiting the earth can measure chlorophyll pigment and water temperature.
Satellites orbiting the Earth provide more than a twinkle in the night sky.
Satellites orbiting the Earth use solar power.
Satellites placed in orbit provide intelligence information vital to our national security.
Satellites play a more and more important role in the development of the society.
Satellites play an important role in providing atmospheric data over the oceans.
Satellites play an important role in transmitting all sorts of data today.
Satellites pose major disadvantages in the design of celluar systems.
Satellites predict their path, giving farmers enough time to spray pesticide over the right areas.
Satellites present the big advantage to cover the whole Arctic.
Satellites provide a crucial space age link for developing world doctors.
Satellites provide an extensive cover of an ocean's surface.
Satellites provide collection of data on a global-scale basis.
Satellites provide communication links via microwave radio.
Satellites provide continuous surveillance.
Satellites provide daily information on ice extent and movement.
Satellites provide detail information.
Satellites provide images of the sea surface temperatures over the entire ocean.
Satellites provide information.
Satellites provide more detail information.
Satellites provide more information.
Satellites provide national trunk services.
Satellites provide nearly instantaneous global communication.
Satellites provide services.
Satellites provide some aerial reconnaissance.
Satellites provide surveillance.
Satellites provide synchronous measurements of ocean temperature and vegetation conditions.
Satellites receive and retransmit electromagnetic signals.
Satellites represent a perpetual headache for radio astronomers around the world.
Satellites represent a platform for remote sensing.
Satellites represent part of the solution.
Satellites require huge antennas and expensive and complex ground stations.
Satellites scan the earth, like huge orbiting eyes.
Satellites seem to affect the structure of even tenuous rings like that found at Jupiter.
Satellites send information as a microwave beam.
Satellites sense rangeland wildfire hazard.
Satellites serve as backup when the demand for data transmission is high.
Satellites take many pictures.
Satellites take pictures.
Satellites thus seem to affect the structure of even tenuous rings like that found at Jupiter.
Satellites touch our lives daily, enabling truly wireless marvels of communication.
Satellites track across the Earth's surface, encompassed by their visibility circles.
Satellites transmit a few local music videos across borders.
Satellites transmit a number of different types of images.
Satellites transmit information and images immediately to and from every part of the world.
Satellites transmit signals which are observed by ground based receivers.
Satellites travel faster along their orbital path when they are closest to the earth.
Satellites travelling deep into space often carry additional nuclear power supplies.
Satellites typically have one to three reaction and momentum wheels.
Satellites typically have some means of propulsion for orbit corrections.
Satellites use a variety of light-sensitive sensors to determine their position.
Satellites use a wide variety of orbits to fullfil their missions.
Satellites use cameras to produce a visible image.
Satellites use remote sensing instruments to track levels of ozone in the upper atmosphere.
Satellites use remote sensing, too.
Satellites vary greatly in size.
Satellites view the Earth and send communications.
Satellites watch Earth's weather from space.
Satellites often loop around Earth or other planets to increase their speed.
Satellites often operate in the space environment for many years.
Satellites sometimes experience increased drag, reducing their longevity.
Satellites usually start out in an orbit that is elliptical.
Satellites usually take several images from frequency bands in the visual and non-visual range.
All satellites are identical other than the differing lengths of speaker wire.
All satellites follow circular paths.
All satellites rely on antenna to establish communication between the ground and the satellite.
All satellites require a clear line of sight to their receivers.
Every satellite carries some kind of radio transmitter.
Every satellite has a mission control unit and normally a data handling center.
Every satellite has many transponders.
Many satellites are in orbit around the Earth.
Many satellites are visible to the naked eye.
Many satellites are visible with the naked eye or with the aid of binoculars.
Many satellites function as orbiting bulletin boards, relaying packet messages around the world.
Many satellites have the capability of broadcasting in both bands.
Many satellites orbit each of the four giant planets.
Many satellites perform scientific duties.
Many satellites together act like Internet nodes on earth.
Many satellites use so-called spotting scopes to aim at the stars and keep the satellite positioned.
More satellites mean higher odds of an impact.
More satellites means less error.
Most satellites are custom built to perform their intended functions.
Most satellites are custom made and vary in size depending on the mission and orbit range chosen.
Most satellites are in such orbits.
Most satellites generally stay below the belts.
Most satellites have more than one antenna on- board.
Most satellites have surfaces.
Most satellites have too little gravity to retain an atmosphere.
Most satellites operate in a geosynchronous orbit.
Most satellites provide continuous surveillance.
Most satellites provide detail information.
Most satellites provide information.
Most satellites provide more detail information.
Most satellites provide more information.
Most satellites provide national trunk services.
Most satellites provide services.
Most satellites provide surveillance.
Most satellites spin while they are in orbit.
Most satellites stop functioning long before they fall to Earth.
Most satellites weigh thousands of pounds and cost millions of dollars.
Some satellites appear more than once because they appeared in more than one unzipped file.
Some satellites are easier to work than others.
Some satellites are low-powered and provide weak signals.
Some satellites are natural, like the moon, which is a natural satellite of the earth.
Some satellites can divide their signal into many movable spot beams.
Some satellites carry detectors.
Some satellites carry equipment to receive signals.
Some satellites carry instruments.
Some satellites carry telescopes.
Some satellites carry ultraviolet telescopes.
Some satellites collect over a terabyte worth of data each day.
Some satellites have a digital signal processor, which is like a very powerful computer.
Some satellites have an atmosphere.
Some satellites have dual modes that operate simultaneously.
Some satellites have sensors.
Some satellites have special cameras that can take pictures of the Earth.
Some satellites have water vapour sensors.
Some satellites identify weather patterns and enhance weather predictions.
Some satellites look out into space and record information about the galaxy.
Some satellites mysteriously orbit through the earth.
Some satellites provide answers.
Some satellites revolve around the earth in elliptical orbits .
Some satellites send and receive telephone, fax, and computer communications.
Some satellites send and receive television signals.
Some satellites take images.
Some satellites take pictures.
Some satellites use cameras.
Some satellites use film cameras.
Satellites links are high bandwidth, but also very high latency, unlike cable.
Satiation causes within-session decreases in instrumental responding.
Satiation is a condition
A satiety is a condition
Satiety is often absent when people wolf down their food or are very distracted.
Satiety is when someone eats more than enough and is more than satisfied.
Satiety plays an important role in energy balance.
Satified clients are the foundation of our success.
Satillo tile can be tricky.
Satin bowerbirds inhabit areas.
Some satin bowerbirds build towers.
Some satin bowerbirds have apparent preference.
Some satin bowerbirds have preference.
Satin clouds sit and wait.
Satin finish handle.
Satin finish is smooth to the touch.
Satin finish looks like formica.
Satin finish plays better with time.
A satin flower is a herb
Satin flower makes an excellent early spring garden subject for the sunny rock garden.
Satin flowers propagate easily from small rooted pieces of the matted crown.
Satin glass has a striated, layered or satin-like appearance.
Satin nickel is the hot finish for faucets and cabinet hardware.
Satin ribbons pull tie the sleeves.
Satin sheets are extremely sexy.
Satin skirt goes just past the knees.
Satin spar comes almost exclusively from Russia.
Satin spar is a fibrous form of gypsum with a silky luster.
Satin spar is fibrous in appearance, has a satiny luster, and forms thin discontinuous layers.
Satin spar is the variety name for masses of extremely fine, needle-like, parallel gypsum crystals.
A satin stitch is a stitch
Satin stitch takes practise.
Satin stitches are vertical or horizontal stitches worked over several threads of the ground fabric.
Satin stitches require underlay also.
Satin tricot has a lustrous finish.
A satin weave is a weave
Satin weaves are the most conformable but are loose and easily distorted during handling.
Satin also lathers more readily, which makes it very easy to use.
Satin bow in the back with ribbon streamers.
SAtin bows on the waist flow down the skirt with organza butterflies.
Satin can sometimes feel quite cold.
Satin finish with many smudges and flaws.
Satin has (part) hems.
Satin has (part) sections.
Satin is a warm heart and gentle voice wrapped in a package of chambray and work boots.
Satin is also very hard to hem and often ends up puckering horribly.
Satin is an expensive fabric and only used in costly garments.
Satin is cloth
Satin is delicate and vulnerable to abrasion.
Satin is fabric.
Satin is silky and creamy and has just a hint of sheen.
Satin is smooth cloth.
Satin is the only one sentenced to death.
Satin is the standard finish for all items unless otherwise requested.
Satin is woven from silk, polyester, acetate, or even blends of fibers.
Satin isa cloth.
Satin isa fabric.
Satin keeps tellin' but nobody is listenin'.
Satin likes that word.
Satin pillows for ringbearers.
Satin provides less glare without dulling the image.
Satin stitch across upper roof line.
Satin stitch around the eyes, nose, and mouth using black thread.
Satin stitch around the heart, beginning and ending on one side of the heart.
Satin stitch over edges of tree.
Satin stitch the critter.
Satin tie at back for hanging and embroidered face.
Satin tie at back for hanging.
Satin trim around collar, cuffs, empire waist and down front sides.
Satin trim around the edge.
Satins are also cooler against the skin than some of the nylon tricot fabrics.
A satinwood is a tree
Satinwood is again a prominent material.
Satire assumes a norm and uses it as a standard of comparison.
Satire assumes the audience has a brain.
Satire can be a great way to raise an adult's awareness of social injustice.
Satire can either be in paintings , plays , books , songs , TV or movies .
Satire can either be in paintings, plays, books, songs, TV or movies.
Satire covers many aspects of life in Rome.
Satire definitely has an important place.
Satire depends on a finely developed sense of irony.
Satire depends on comic exaggeration, and on stereotyping.
Satire digs into our criminal injustice system.
Satire does appear to be completely lost.
Satire gets people to laugh at the idiotic things they do and say.
Satire has a decided advantage over scientific discourse.
Satire has the highest rate of rejection of any category of submission.
Satire has to be about something.
Satire is a concept that can only be understood by adults.
Satire is a creative way of deflating the powerful with ridicule.
Satire is a deadly serious business.
Satire is a fine line, folks.
Satire is a general studies course in literature.
Satire is a lamentably rare occurrence in present-day publishing.
Satire is a literary technique that mixes criticism with humor.
Satire is a literary technique used to poke fun at human foolishness.
Satire is a scatter gun that takes down the guilty and innocent together.
Satire is a sneaky little monkey . . .
Satire is a very effective tool in exposing truths about society.
Satire is a weapon, and it can be quite cruel.
Satire is a weapon.
Satire is a wonderful pressure valve, even if it never achieves anything.
Satire is actually the lowest form of humor, but it is deeper.
Satire is all over the Web.
Satire is always implicit in the reworking of an old story or a moribund genre.
Satire is an age-old weapon for political campaigners.
Satire is by definition a medley.
Satire is deadly serious.
Satire is effective with people standing on the sidelines.
Satire is encouraged.
Satire is funny.
Satire is in evidence.
Satire is in the building, giving a press conference.
Satire is located in television.
Satire is more than just poking fun.
Satire is one of the older forms of human comment.
Satire is perfectly acceptable.
Satire is present at the end of the story.
Satire is protected by the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America.
Satire is quite a challenge when truth is funnier than fiction.
Satire is satire.
Satire is still sound as method.
Satire is the feather that can bring down a kingdom.
Satire is the great leveler.
Satire is the name of the game.
Satire is the reaction of the human intellect to the eternal scam.
Satire is traditionally the weapon of the powerless against the powerful.
Satire is tragedy plus time.
Satire is wit
Satire is wonderful and can be a good way to blow off steam.
Satire needs an understanding of the target to be effective.
Satire needs precise words and phrasing to make it strike home effectively.
Satire only works when it chomps into the truth, when it echoes the reality of the subject at hand.
Satire remains a Canadian strength where nothing is sacred.
Satire requires conviction, or at least a unity of focus, and so it is never quite achieved.
Satire seems to work only among the most knowledgeable and to be counter-productive otherwise.
Satire skewers the esteemed, pops the balloon of pretension, blows down the doors of exclusivity.
Satire starts to fire up, then sputters.
Satire strives to be offensive.
Satire takes a very distant second to low-brow humour, and moralizing disappears entirely.
Satire works with distortion, character assassination, invective, innuendo, smear.
Satires re alternative sex.
Satire often has a short shelf life, as it's often aimed at some topical target.
Satire often points out ironic or bad things that powerful people are doing .
Satire often points out ironic or bad things that powerful people are doing.
Satire often works best when it's intentionally modelled after bad drama.
All satire is stripped out.
Any satire is more than gentle, and the setting is generally the reality of everyday life.
Some satire is so broad that it's stupid.
Some satire works well in comics and poorly in TV or movies.
Some satires are playfully amusing and provoke gentle laughter.
Satiric plays offer a darker vision of human nature, one that ridicules human folly.
Satirical humour can be devastating.
Satirical songs concerned with medicines and their pedlars form a strong musical tradition.
Satirical works fail when they judge their subjects in a patronising way.
A satirist is an entertainer
Satirists have grave responsibilities that they often overlook in the energy of the satiric impulse.
Satisfaction also varies by income, education, and length of time lived in the Central Valley.
Satisfaction becomes a lagging indicator, while success becomes a leading one.
Satisfaction begins at the top.
Satisfaction builds loyalty and increases productivity, and yet is costs so little to achieve.
Satisfaction can make one careless.
Satisfaction comes about when customer expectations are met.
Satisfaction comes from accomplishment in employment or attaining goals.
Satisfaction comes from being on a high-performing team.
Satisfaction comes from harmony, which comes from give and take, which comes from relativity.
Satisfaction comes from pleased customers, and that includes physicians, associates and patients.
Satisfaction comes from the enormous gratitude of our patients.
Satisfaction comes from working creative ideas into concrete shape and form.
Satisfaction comes only from ruling and offending at the same time.
Satisfaction comes with providing high-quality care.
Satisfaction continue Food beyond the wind until little ball.
Satisfaction depends upon getting things done.
Satisfaction derives from achieving a goal.
Satisfaction drink beyond some laser tape measures.
Satisfaction drink beyond some lawn tractor murray.
Satisfaction equals utility in economics.
Satisfaction generates loyalty, which translates into higher profits.
Satisfaction guaranteed is much more widely practiced in the United States.
Satisfaction guaranteed is the policy in every one of our businesses, including our membership.
Satisfaction has everything to do with expectations.
Satisfaction implies no further recovery against any other tortfeasor.
Satisfaction is a distinct and separate issue.
Satisfaction is a function of expectation as well as realization.
Satisfaction is a multi-dimensional factor.
Satisfaction is a necessary component of loyal or secure customers.
Satisfaction is a part of Penance as a sacrament, and a fruit of penance as a virtue.
Satisfaction is a perilous thing.
Satisfaction is a personal choice.
Satisfaction is a pleasant feeling.
Satisfaction is a share option scheme.
Satisfaction is a sliver, only part of the study.
Satisfaction is a trusted friend, talking with readers about who they are as well as what they do.
Satisfaction is about enjoying the prime of life .
Satisfaction is absolutely guaranteed.
Satisfaction is achieved when expectations are exceeded.
Satisfaction is also only the beginning.
Satisfaction is always our main focus.
Satisfaction is always unconditionally guaranteed.
Satisfaction is an accumulation of many experiences over time.
Satisfaction is another consideration, of greater or lesser importance to all hikers.
Satisfaction is as usual guaranteed.
Satisfaction is assured.
Satisfaction is attained through the use of violence, degradation, humiliation and cruelty.
Satisfaction is close.
Satisfaction is consistently high.
Satisfaction is contentment
Satisfaction is contentment.
Satisfaction is death.
Satisfaction is derived from successful interaction with the company.
Satisfaction is difficult to measure and even harder to define.
Satisfaction is down, as patients grumble about being pushed by employers into restrictive HMOs.
Satisfaction is emotion.
Satisfaction is enhanced through giving and extending oneself.
Satisfaction is even higher among suburbanites.
Satisfaction is even higher among wireless users.
Satisfaction is extremely high.
Satisfaction is found even with hunger and desire.
Satisfaction is gained by contributing to a useful and necessary service.
Satisfaction is gauranteed.
Satisfaction is good without justification, simply because it's good.
Satisfaction is guaranteed .
Satisfaction is Guaranteed .
Satisfaction is guaranteed and all work is promptly turned out.
Satisfaction is guaranteed and books are returnable for a full refund.
Satisfaction is guaranteed and orders are usually despatched the next working day.
Satisfaction is guaranteed and returns, for any reason, are easy.
Satisfaction is guaranteed on all items or a full refund.
Satisfaction is guaranteed on all items sold.
Satisfaction is guaranteed on all items.
Satisfaction is guaranteed on all merchandise.
Satisfaction is guaranteed on all non-chocolate orders.
Satisfaction is guaranteed on all repairs.
Satisfaction is guaranteed on all works.
Satisfaction is guaranteed or money back.
Satisfaction is guaranteed with a lifetime warranty.
Satisfaction is guaranteed with all of our products.
Satisfaction is guaranteed with our products.
Satisfaction is guaranteed, and every hardware purchase includes free lifetime technical support.
Satisfaction is guaranteed, of course.
Satisfaction is guaranteed.
Satisfaction is Guaranteed.
Satisfaction is high among residents, staff, and physicians.
Satisfaction is high on both ends of the transaction.
Satisfaction is in following Jesus.
Satisfaction is in the detail.
Satisfaction is in the journeying, rather than the arriving.
Satisfaction is job one.
Satisfaction is known to impact work performance, learning, recruitment, and retention.
Satisfaction is located in work.
Satisfaction is lower in the North County than in the South.
Satisfaction is lowest with the more recently developed Web support avenues.
Satisfaction is negatively related to wife's employment status and financial satisfaction.
Satisfaction is no longer the acceptable measure of service.
Satisfaction is no longer the acceptable standard of customer service.
Satisfaction is only part of the puzzle.
Satisfaction is our first priority.
Satisfaction is our goal and guarantee.
Satisfaction is our main goal.
Satisfaction is our policy.
Satisfaction is our primary concern.
Satisfaction is our primary goal.
Satisfaction is our quality standard.
Satisfaction is our reputation.
Satisfaction is our specialty.
Satisfaction is our top priority.
Satisfaction is payments.
Satisfaction is relative.
Satisfaction is relatively easier to measure.
Satisfaction is simple deduction.
Satisfaction is something everyone wants.
Satisfaction is subjective, tends to vary with time and hence is difficult to measure effectively.
Satisfaction Is The Death Of Desire .
Satisfaction is the final act which crowns the sacramental sign of Penance .
Satisfaction is the final phase of concrescence.
Satisfaction is the major reward.
Satisfaction is the payee's exercising dominion over the check by cashing or depositing it.
Satisfaction is the performance of the agreement.
Satisfaction is the result of quality.
Satisfaction is the saturation of the most developed skill with energy .
Satisfaction is very mutual.
Satisfaction is worth the risk.
Satisfaction leads to reinforcement and to an increase in the probability of repurchasing.
Satisfaction leads to self-reliance and discontent.
Satisfaction means that their basic interests have been fulfilled.
Satisfaction merely compensates for the pain of desire.
Satisfaction occurs in concert with leader behavior promoting and defining advisory.
Satisfaction occurs when the terms of the compromise are fully performed.
Satisfaction only means price, quality, or service met expectations.
Satisfaction promotes brand loyalty.
Satisfaction provides a launching pad for a world of personal discovery.
Satisfaction pull Opening on one shirt beside little policy.
Satisfaction reads between most forty when struck sport utility vehicles.
Satisfaction refers to how much the individual enjoys the relationship.
Satisfaction relates to the degree to which the two are similar.
Satisfaction runs inversely to age but is little affected by income and Internet experience.
Satisfaction see during several television so begun michael gelb.
Satisfaction seems just around the corner.
Satisfaction spreads through all thy coasts.
Satisfaction works the same way.
Satisfaction often comes down to customer service and technical support.
All satisfaction is due to satisfied desires.
Some satisfaction is to be taken in being part of great changes at their inception.
Satisfactory adhesion is achieved when there is no hydrolysis of the interface bond.
Satisfactory aggregate has physical properties that make it suitable for most purposes.
Satisfactory alternatives exist, particularly groups of polymers known as polyurethanes.
Satisfactory attendance is a graduation requirement as described in the catalog.
Satisfactory attendance is determined in each course by the instructor.
Satisfactory attendance is essential for successful completion of each course.
Satisfactory attendance is required on all units.
Satisfactory completion brings six hours of credit in elementary courses.
Satisfactory completion enables students to enroll in subsequent aquatic courses.
Satisfactory completion is a prerequisite for all higher-level computer science courses.
Satisfactory completion is defined as a C grade or higher.
Satisfactory completion is defined as having completed a course with a grade of C or better.
Satisfactory completion is determined by the following.
Satisfactory completion is mandatory prior to the final examination.
Satisfactory completion is required for continuation in the program.
Satisfactory completion is required to graduate.
Satisfactory completion meets the foreign language reading competence requirement.
Satisfactory completion meets the foreign language requirement.
Satisfactory environments are clean, free of odours, vapours, fumes, chemicals.
Satisfactory evidence is valid I.D. card or papers, or use of a credible witness.
Satisfactory experience working individually and as a team member is essential.
Satisfactory grade indicates satisfaction of required proficiency.
Satisfactory health documented by a physician is mandatory for acceptance into the program.
Satisfactory honors work is rewarded by formal recognition at graduation.
Satisfactory option is recommended for anyone anticipating several absences.
Satisfactory performance consists of regular attendance and one talk per year.
Satisfactory performance consists of regular attendance at approved seminars.
Satisfactory performance ensures continuing annual financial support.
Satisfactory performance is a primary condition for continuation of financial aid.
Satisfactory performance is determined by completion of the stated objectives.
Satisfactory performance is required for permission to student teach.
Satisfactory performance is required for successful completion of course requirements.
Satisfactory performance is required of all first-year computer science graduate students.
Satisfactory performance is required of all first-year graduate students.
Satisfactory performance is required to continue the second year of the program.
Satisfactory performance is required.
Satisfactory performance means meeting the locally negotiated performance levels.
Satisfactory progress considers all coursework including withdrawals, incomplete and failures.
Satisfactory progress is also necessary to maintain financial aid eligibility.
Satisfactory progress is based on quality and quantity of performance.
Satisfactory progress is defined below.
Satisfactory progress is defined by making up the quality point deficit by at least half.
Satisfactory progress is determined at the end of each academic year.
Satisfactory progress is determined at the end of the academic year.
Satisfactory progress is determined by the committee.
Satisfactory progress is equally as important as economic qualification.
Satisfactory progress is evaluated on a semester basis.
Satisfactory progress is maintained by meeting or exceeding the levels indicated below.
Satisfactory progress is measured at the end of each academic semester.
Satisfactory progress is measured at the end of each year as specified in the chart.
Satisfactory progress is measured once each year at the end of the second semester.
Satisfactory progress is required of all students for retention in the teacher preparation program.
Satisfactory progress is reviewed on a continuing basis during the school year.
Satisfactory progress is reviewed on a continuing basis each school year.
Satisfactory projects score the maximum number of points indicated above.
Satisfactory reports require an extensive outside research effort and include appropriate citations.
Satisfactory responses make a genuine effort to engage an important quote from our reading.
Satisfactory results depend largely on properly prepared soil.
Satisfactory results require setting in motion mechanisms of endogenous, self-sustained growth.
Satisfactory review is necessary for the student to elect upper- level courses.
Satisfactory solutions address issues.
Satisfactory status is achieved when all criteria explained above are being met.
Satisfactory verification is necessary.
Satisfactory work is good.
Satisfied buyers are good for business.
Satisfied clients are a testimony to our success.
Satisfied clients are more appreciative of the lawyer's services and spread the word.
Satisfied clients are our best form of advertising.
Satisfied clients are our best source of referrals.
Satisfied clients are our greatest asset.
Satisfied clients are our life blood.
Satisfied clients are our major concern.
Satisfied clients are the best source of referrals for new matters.
Satisfied clients are the lifeblood of a firm.
Satisfied clients are the measure of our success.
Satisfied clients bring referrals and are good for business.
Satisfied clients continue to give referrals.
Satisfied clients lead to more business and more jobs.
Satisfied clients lead to repeat clients.
Satisfied clients leave every day.
Satisfied clients pay their bills and refer other clients.
Satisfied clients provide great references, which in turn make a successful company.
Satisfied clients span throughout Malaysia from coast to coast.
Satisfied clients tend to share their experiences with others.
Most satisfied clients are willing to make referrals.
Satisfied couples view their sexual conflicts as just a part of an intimate relationship.
Satisfied customers are a business asset.
Satisfied customers are a measure of our success.
Satisfied customers are always the best reference.
Satisfied customers are customers for life.
Satisfied customers are far more likely to be loyal customers.
Satisfied customers are fickle.
Satisfied customers are fundamental to the prosperity of our business.
Satisfied customers are less likely than unhappy ones to fire off an e-mail about their service.
Satisfied customers are likely to leave the event as converted ambassadors.
Satisfied customers are likely to stay longer and spend more.
Satisfied customers are loyal.
Satisfied customers are more likely to purchase again.
Satisfied customers are our best advertisement .
Satisfied customers are our best advertisement.
Satisfied customers are our best advertising.
Satisfied customers are our best form of advertising.
Satisfied customers are our best salesforce.
Satisfied customers are our goal.
Satisfied customers are our greatest source of referrals.
Satisfied customers are our livelihood.
Satisfied customers are our most important product.
Satisfied customers are our most valued asset.
Satisfied customers are our most valued assets.
Satisfied customers are our number one goal.
Satisfied customers are our primary goal.
Satisfied customers are plentiful.
Satisfied customers are the backbone of all successful organizations.
Satisfied customers are the best advertisers.
Satisfied customers are the best form of advertising.
Satisfied customers are the best recommendation for any product.
Satisfied customers are the best source of advertising and referrals.
Satisfied customers are the key to our success.
Satisfied customers are the key to the success of any business.
Satisfied customers are the life of our business and careers.
Satisfied customers are the most important asset of any business.
Satisfied customers are the most important asset to our business.
Satisfied customers are the product of continual business involvement in the life cycle.
Satisfied customers are the reason for our existence.
Satisfied customers are the reason for our success.
Satisfied customers are the reason.
Satisfied customers are the result.
Satisfied customers are their best advertisement.
Satisfied customers are very good advertisers.
Satisfied customers are worth more than their weight in gold.
Satisfied customers are, in the long term, faithful customers.
Satisfied customers become loyal customers.
Satisfied customers bring future business.
Satisfied customers can be supportive customers.
Satisfied customers can propel a buzz, quickly multiplying a product's exposure.
Satisfied customers do three very good things for companies.
Satisfied customers drive our growth.
Satisfied customers fuel success and growth.
Satisfied customers guarantee a steady growth through word of mouth propaganda.
Satisfied customers help fill our coffers with cash and our shelves with product.
Satisfied customers is our only goal.
Satisfied customers love to talk about their positive buying experiences.
Satisfied customers means repeat business, growth and longevity.
Satisfied customers pass the word around.
Satisfied customers recognize their professionalism and efficiency.
Satisfied customers recommend our services or products to others.
Satisfied customers recommend the company to their friends.
Satisfied customers recruit new customers.
Satisfied customers remove some of the doubt in the mind of the reader.
Satisfied customers result in repeat business.
Satisfied customers return to buy.
Satisfied customers shop anywhere.
Satisfied customers start with satisfied employees.
Satisfied customers stick around for the long haul - and return value for years to come.
Satisfied customers tell five other people about their good treatment.
Satisfied customers tell their friends.
Satisfied customers telling other people is still the best possible advertising of all.
Many satisfied customers return year after year.
Satisfied employees are far less likely to jump ship.
Satisfied employees are the keys to sustained growth and superior customer service.
Satisfied employees deliver exceptional products and service.
Satisfied females fly away, saying goodby to adult males for another year.
Satisfied guests are the best advertisement any business can have.
Satisfied guests pose before returning home.
Satisfied members bring in new members.
Satisfied members remain members and become patients and referral sources.
Satisfied members remain members, and retaining members is the first step toward growing membership.
Satisfied participants are likely to be available for future volunteer projects.
Satisfied patients are an important part of our mission.
Satisfied patients are crucial to retention and growth.
Satisfied patients are more likely to return.
Satisfied patients are the best advertising there is.
Satisfied patients love to tell their friends, neighbors and relatives about their doctor.
Satisfied patients report that there is no recovery period, hence no time off from work.
More satisfied patients tend to be receiving care from more satisfied providers.
Satisfied people are willing to do business with others.
Every satisfied person knows who they are.
Satisfied requirements are the benefits of quality.
Satisfied students are our best advertisement.
Satisfied students are the best possible advertisement for any program.
Satisfied tenants are long-term tenants.
Satisfied testimonials make that an easy offer to make.
Satisfied users are our best form of advertising.
Satisfied users are the lifeblood of our business.
Satisfied users swear by it.
Satisfied visitors come back.
Satisfying sex leads to a deep relaxation.
Satisifed women talk about the only herbal for beauty and love.
Sativa buds are long and thin and turn red as they mature in a warm environment.
Sativa pants are often tall with long and thin leaves.
Sativa plants smell sweet and fruity and the smoke is generally quite mild.
Sativa strains tend to cause more of a cerebral or mental high.
A satori is enlightenment
Satori can lie along both roads.
Satpura mountain ranges.
Satsuma mandarins continue to be harvested.
A satsuma is a citrus tree
Satsuma ware Japanese pottery of a creamy colour.
Satsumas are the highest quality, easiest to grow citrus for homeowners.
Sattvic consciousness is basically intelligent, calm, clear, balanced, compassionate and loving.
Sattvic food is vegetarian, fresh, organic and prepared with love.
Saturate air has humidity.
Most saturate air has humidity.
Saturate hydrocarbons react with oxygen.
Most saturate hydrocarbons react with oxygen.
Some saturate sand contains water.
Saturate zones have water.
Most saturate zones have water.
Saturated air is the equilibrium state whenever there's lots of water around.
Saturated analogs are more difficult to solubilize in organic solvents.
Saturated bonds are when each of the carbons has four single bonds as in the top figure.
Saturated clay is virtually impermeable .
Saturated colors appear bright and brilliant, like fire-engine red.
Saturated colors contain pure color only, colors desaturate to gray.
Saturated colors create visual fatigue and make it difficult to focus on the text.
More saturated colors represent values with higher magnitudes.
More saturated colours help make the subject more recognisable in a small thumbnail.
Saturated compounds hold all the hydrogen they can i.e. single bonds.
Saturated compounds react with other compounds by undergoing substitution reactions .
Saturated conditions make the plants more susceptible to future diseases, insects and droughts.
Saturated fats are a kind of fat .
Saturated fats are a kind of fat.
Saturated fats are a mixed bag, and some are worse than others.
Saturated fats are among the most common fats in our diet.
Saturated fats are animal fats and are found mostly in meat and dairy products, such as butter.
Saturated fats are animal fats and other fats that are hard at room temperature.
Saturated fats are any fats that is solid at room temperature, which includes things like margarine.
Saturated Fats are as bad or worse than dietary cholesterol.
Saturated fats are bad for people .
Saturated fats are bad for people.
Saturated fats are found in foods such as whole milk, butter, ice cream, and fatty red meat.
Saturated fats are from animal products.
Saturated fats are generally of animal origin and are solid at room temperature.
Saturated fats are generally solid at room temperature.
Saturated fats are hardest on our hearts.
Saturated fats are high in cholesterol.
Saturated fats are in the category of hydrogenated or partially hydrogenated vegetable oils.
Saturated fats are just one piece of the puzzle.
Saturated fats are less healthy than polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fats.
Saturated fats are likely of animal origin like whole milk, cream, butter, cheese meat, fat, etc.
Saturated fats are linear, meaning their structure is straight.
Saturated fats are liquid at room temperature because they lack double bonds in their carbon chain.
Saturated fats are mainly fats found in animal products such as high-fat dairy and meats.
Saturated fats are mainly of animal origin and unsaturated fats are found mostly in plant products.
Saturated fats are more solid and have a chemical structure that is more tightly packed.
Saturated fats are much harder to break down than unsaturated fats.
Saturated fats are nearly always from animal foods.
Saturated fats are of animal origin.
Saturated fats are often high in foods that are high in cholesterol.
Saturated fats are one type of fat.
Saturated fats are prominent in lard and red meats.
Saturated fats are solid and unsaturated fats are liquid at room temperature.
Saturated fats are solid at room temperature and come chiefly from animal food products.
Saturated fats are solid at room temperature and tend to raise blood cholesterol.
Saturated fats are solid at room temperature.
Saturated fats are the BAD fats.
Saturated fats are the biggest culprit when it comes to heart disease.
Saturated fats are the cause of many illnesses like heart disease, and cancer, so beware.
Saturated fats are the kind usually found in meat and dairy products.
Saturated fats are the main dietary culprits behind heart disease.
Saturated fats are the most chemically stable.
Saturated fats are the ones most associated with increased risk of heart disease.
Saturated fats are the ones that are chiefly responsible for raising blood cholesterol levels.
Saturated fats are the ones that increase the risk of heart disease.
Saturated fats are the type to avoid.
Saturated fats are triglycerides that have two hydrogen on each carbon atom.
Saturated fats are typically solid at room temperature.
Saturated fats are usually solid at room temperature, and get harder when chilled.
Saturated fats are usually solid at room temperature.
Saturated fats are usually solid fats at room temperature, while unsaturated fats tend to be oils.
Saturated fats are usually solid or almost solid at room temperature.
Saturated fats can also lessen calcium absorption.
Saturated fats can be a contributing factor in heart disease.
Saturated fats have a higher melting point and less potential to become rancid.
Saturated fats have virtually no biological purpose.
Saturated fats is animal fat.
Saturated fats seem to raise blood cholesterol levels, so that's why many choose margarine instead.
Saturated fats used in processed foods can lead to high cholesterol.
Most saturated Fats are oF animal origin like meat, dairy and eggs.
Most saturated fats raise blood cholesterol.
Most saturated fats tend to be solid at room temperature, with the exception of tropical oils.
Some saturated fats are lard, coconut oil, palm oil, cream and butter.
Saturated hydrocarbons are easier to degrade than unsaturated hydrocarbons.
Saturated hydrocarbons have only single bonds and consequently are straight chains.
Saturated lipids contain single bonds, and are found in butter and lard.
Saturated oils tend solid while unsaturated tend be oils.
Saturated parcels rise along pseudo-adiabats.
Saturated polyesters can serve as plasticizers, or for the preparation of polyurethanes.
Saturated soils have a weak structure and are prone to compaction.
Saturated surfaces are very old.
Saturation patrols are also excellent 'on the job training' for marine deputies.
Saturation patrols cover a broader area than checkpoints.
Saturation temperature means boiling point.
Saturation a. is a state of disequilibrium.
Saturation affects the color and workability of the glass.
Saturation can occur at very low temperature.
Saturation can occur.
Saturation controls the color intensity.
Saturation controls the saturation of color for video playback.
Saturation decreases if the band of wavelengths in a color is increased.
Saturation determines the purity of the color combinations.
Saturation displays the variances of the original hue.
Saturation indicates the degree to which the hue differs from a neutral gray.
Saturation initially appears weak, but colors are completely accurate.
Saturation is a characteristic almost exclusively found among the White non-Hispanic population.
Saturation is a characteristic indicating the vibrancy or intensity of a hue.
Saturation is a color function just as intensity was above.
Saturation is a measure of color purity.
Saturation is a measure of how much of the color is there, as opposed to just being a shade of grey.
Saturation is a measure of the degree of pureness or movement away from gray.
Saturation is a move across the radius of the circle.
Saturation is a possibility.
Saturation is a powerful color adjustment tool.
Saturation is a problem with our noses.
Saturation is again difficult to detect.
Saturation is also sharp, with no bleeding or fading.
Saturation is also site-sensitive.
Saturation is always excellent, as are the flesh tones.
Saturation is an indication relating to the richness or vibrancy of the color.
Saturation is an inference method for tautology-checking used in industrial practice.
Saturation is conditions.
Saturation is dead on the money with everything popping off of the screen.
Saturation is diffusion
Saturation is far from being an issue for UBAH consultants here in Canada.
Saturation is filling.
Saturation is given by percentage of part dry weight.
Saturation is higher here to make the fine lines easily visible.
Saturation is how bright or neutral one is.
Saturation is how much of the color is present.
Saturation is independent of value and hue.
Saturation is okay, with no bleeding.
Saturation is perfect on all accounts, while flesh tones are always realistic.
Saturation is perfect, with absolutely no bleed over or fading.
Saturation is perfect.
Saturation is pretty good and the DVD is lacking in chroma noise.
Saturation is prevented by the introduction of a bound A to the couplings.
Saturation is quite good and flesh tones are very natural.
Saturation is related to how much white content is in the stimulus.
Saturation is required for the formation of clouds and precipitation.
Saturation is so crucial.
Saturation is strong and the overall production design comes to life in brilliant DVD colors.
Saturation is such a tiring thing.
Saturation is the brightness or vividness.
Saturation is the depth or intensity of colorlight red as opposed to dark red.
Saturation is the dominance of a single hue.
Saturation is the intensity of a color.
Saturation is the key to radio advertising .
Saturation is the key.
Saturation is the limit of solubility.
Saturation is the measurement of color intensity.
Saturation is the natural Power-on state.
Saturation is the overall amount of color being applied.
Saturation is the purity of color.
Saturation is the purity of hue.
Saturation is the purity of the color, or how much the color is diluted by white.
Saturation is the result of nonlinear behavior which depends on the count rate.
Saturation is the soil water content when all pores are filled with water.
Saturation is the strength of the color.
Saturation is typical in the spring when rain and snowmelt occurs.
Saturation is usually quite good and there are no problems with chroma noise.
Saturation is very good most of the time, but there are a couple of shots that look somewhat pale.
Saturation is very important with sod and with keeping that new lawn green throughout the season.
Saturation is where the amount of water condensing is equal to the amount of water evaporating.
Saturation means that the maximum has been reached.
Saturation means that the voids between soil particles are full of water.
Saturation refers to how little the color is diluted by white.
Saturation refers to purity.
Saturation refers to the amount of gray.
Saturation refers to the degree of hue in a color.
Saturation refers to the number of hydrogen atoms attached to the fat molecule.
Saturation refers to the richness or the intensity of a color.
Saturation represents the point where increasing vapor density results in condensation.
Saturation simply has to do with how much hydrogen a fat contains.
Saturation specifies the amount of white or gray in the color.
Saturation stands for the strength of the hue component.
More saturation produces a color farther from neutral.
A saturnalia is festivity
Saturnalia draw their huge fan base to the ballot and increase overall participation.
Saturnian music is music that is held strictly to the beat or measure.
Satvic foods are pure ,wholesome foods recommended in yoga.
Satvic qualities are very rare.
A satyr is a god
Satyrs rip like The Fall on a moonshine binge.
Sauce pans have bottoms.
Most sauce pans have bottoms.
A sauce is a condiment
Sauce comes in a flask bottle.
Sauce comes on the side.
Sauce flows smoothly through the bristles instead of pour and spread.
Sauce freezes well.
Sauce isa food.
Sauce isa nutrient.
Sauce lies lazily on the meat.
Sauce resembles veal demi-glace.
Sauce works well with beef, lamb or pork.
Sauces add flavour.
Sauces add moisture, flavor, color, and texture to food.
Sauces also help liven up a meal.
Sauces are a vital flavor enhancer.
Sauces are almost nonexistent.
Sauces are an essential element in cuisines all over the world.
Sauces are available at area grocery stores.
Sauces are best when applied after the meat is cooked.
Sauces are combination of corn syrups, tomato sauces, spice blends, flavors, vinegar and oil.
Sauces are condiments.
Sauces are creative and flavorful without being heavy handed.
Sauces are extremely important, and can make or break a dish.
Sauces are fresh tasting and well spiced.
Sauces are high calory.
Sauces are liquids.
Sauces are located in plates.
Sauces are low fat or fat free.
Sauces are luscious but light.
Sauces are made with groundnuts, okra, and tomatoes.
Sauces are more complex, dishes more varied.
Sauces are more likely to curdle on humid weather, perhaps especially during thunderstorms.
Sauces are often blends of several varieties, just as juice and fresh apple cider are.
Sauces are often sweet, using tangerine or sweet beans for flavor.
Sauces are often sweet, using tangerine or sweet beans for flavour.
Sauces are part of dishs.
Sauces are part of pizzas.
Sauces are particularly exciting, and the jerk chicken is a real triumph.
Sauces are prepared fresh from scratch following authentic old world recipes.
Sauces are substances.
Sauces are the perfect compliment to most prepared foods.
Sauces are the velvety overcoat to a fine cut of meat.
Sauces are thicker and spicing more moderate than in other regions.
Sauces are usually high in fat.
Sauces can be red, green, white, or creamed, incorporating meats, seafood, or vegetables.
Sauces can enhance, delight, combine, provoke.
Sauces contain spices.
Sauces cook at low temperatures for long periods of time, which necessitates a thick-bottomed pan.
Sauces cover a spectrum from the savory to the sweet.
Sauces have a greater tendency to burn especially sauces that contain a sweetener.
Sauces heat up quickly but cook slowly, so ingredients have to be compensated.
Sauces make from vinegar.
Sauces pick up more color and flavor when cooked with the peel and are more nutritious, too.
Sauces range from freshly whipped cream to hard sauce.
Sauces range from hot to mild.
Sauces run endless.
Sauces thickens as it cools.
Sauces vary and coveted recipes are shrouded in secrecy.
All sauces are actual brands of liquid fire.
All sauces are fat-free.
Any sauce made with peanut butter and chocolate is guaranteed to get anybody laid back.
Many sauces have multiple uses.
Most sauces add flavour.
Most sauces are tomato-based, which is to say the main ingredient is ketchup.
Most sauces contain spices.
Most sauces have several involved steps in the process of reaching a desired taste and consistency.
Most sauces make from vinegar.
Some sauces add excellent taste.
Some sauces add taste.
Some sauces are part of barbeques.
Some sauces are part of breakfasts.
Some sauces are part of broths.
Some sauces are part of brunch.
Some sauces are part of bullfrogs.
Some sauces are part of curries.
Some sauces are part of custards.
Some sauces are part of dinner.
Some sauces are part of hamburgers.
Some sauces are part of kebabs.
Some sauces are part of lasagnas.
Some sauces are part of lunch.
Some sauces are part of meals.
Some sauces are part of meatballs.
Some sauces are part of oatmeals.
Some sauces are part of omelettes.
Some sauces are part of picnics.
Some sauces are part of pizzas.
Some sauces are part of porridge.
Some sauces are part of pudding.
Some sauces are part of salad.
Some sauces are part of sandwiches.
Some sauces are part of snacks.
Some sauces are part of soup.
Some sauces are part of stew.
Some sauces are part of suppers.
Some sauces contain black pepper.
Some sauces contain chillies or black pepper.
Some sauces contain pepper.
Some sauces contain wheat.
Some sauces have amounts.
Some sauces have seafood.
Some sauces make from beans.
Some sauces make from cayenne pepper.
Some sauces make from fruit.
Some sauces make from milk.
Some sauces make from pepper.
Some sauces make from plain yogurt.
Some sauces make from shrimp.
Some sauces make from skim milk.
Some sauces make from soy beans.
Some sauces make from tomatoes.
Some sauces make meals.
Some sauces use in potato salad.
Some sauces use in salad.
Saucepan isa pan.
Saucepans have (part) handles.
Saucepans have (part) sections.
Some saucepans contain vegetables.
A saucer magnolia is a magnolia
Saucer magnolias are generally pest-free.
A saucer is a disk
A saucer is sports equipment
Saucer isa shape.
Saucers are also available.
Saucers are discs.
Saucers are dishs.
Saucers are disks.
Saucers are faster then the average car.
Saucers are fine.
Saucers are located in cabinets.
Saucers are located in kitchen cabinets.
Saucers are located in kitchens.
Saucers are located in tea rooms.
Saucers are more vulnerable as they fly past from behind.
Saucers are sports equipment.
Saucers are used for flying.
Saucers are useful when watering and prevent staining surfaces.
Some saucers fill with fresh water.
Some saucers fill with gravel.
Some saucers fill with water.
Many Saudi companies are active in numerous product lines.
Saudi consumers are very aware and have high standards.
Saudi customs is exceptionally strict concerning inbound cargo and insists on inspecting all items.
Saudi dictators laugh at such notions.
Saudi farmers produce almost all the vegetables consumed in the country as well.
Saudi government levies no income tax.
Saudi houses tend to be large with numerous rooms and dark with few windows.
Saudi king expands advisory council for second time .
Saudi king swears in new advisory council .
Saudi law makes marriages with foreigners difficult, although less so for men than women.
Saudi laws forbid the importation of firearms.
Saudi laws permit convictions based upon uncorroborated confessions.
Saudi men spend a great deal of time in coffeehouses, drinking coffee or tea and talking.
Many Saudi men accompany their greetings with an embrace and cheek kissing.
Saudi military says the situation is under control.
Saudi officials make no exceptions.
Saudi officials order the pilgrims to abide by security instructions.
Saudi officials plan extensive improvements to the infrastructure of the base.
Saudi officials report two oil slicks moving south of Kuwait.
Saudi officials say the country's laws are fair and allow suspects all their rights.
Saudi oil takes six weeks to reach the United States.
Saudi players are very devoted to the game, being co-operative and sporting in spirit.
Saudi prince warns Mideast on the verge of war .
Saudi princes are princes.
Saudi rulers are acutely conscious of their responsibility as custodians of the Muslim holy places.
Saudi talent is used, coupled with business and technical knowledge from throughout the world.
Most Saudi teens smokes hash eventhough it's expensive.
Most Saudi travelers make thir travel and tourism purchases on credit cards.
Saudi TV is available on the internet.
Saudi women face serious penalties if they are caught driving, including lashing .
All Saudi women use their maiden names even after marriage.
Saudi has (part) arms.
Saudi has (part) body substances.
Saudi has (part) cell membranes.
Saudi has (part) cells.
Saudi has (part) corpi.
Saudi has (part) cytoplasm.
Saudi has (part) heads.
Saudi has (part) human bodies.
Saudi has (part) legs.
Saudi has (part) material bodies.
Saudi has (part) necks.
Saudi has (part) nuclei.
Saudi has (part) personality.
Saudi has (part) plasma membranes.
Saudi has (part) sections.
Saudi has (part) vacuoles.
Saudi isa Arabian.
Saudian people are eager for modernization.
SAUK membership opens the door to a network of support through contacts and meetings .
A sauna is a steam bath
Sauna is beneficial to everyone and the benefits include radiant health and stress reduction.
Sauna occurs also in Finnish films and at present, one of our most popular TV shows is set in sauna.
Saunas also raise blood circulation rates as well as breathing, and the pulse rate also increases.
Saunas also stimulate cells to release toxins which can then be eliminated by the liver and bowel.
Saunas are also available at all three pools.
Saunas are available both in the men's and ladies' heads next to the pool area.
Saunas are available by reservations.
Saunas are located in motels.
Saunas are popular because they help the excess fat in the body to melt away.
Saunas are rooms.
Saunas are sometimes available and they are wonderfully refreshing.
Saunas are steam baths.
Saunas are to be enjoyed in a state of nakedness.
Saunas can be simpler to maintain than a hot tub.
Saunas promote the body s natural cleansing through perspiration to maintain clear, healthy skin.
Saunas promote the body's natural cleansing through perspiration to maintain clear, healthy skin.
All saunas have a radiant air heater which has a container of volcanic stones.
All saunas have a radiant air heater with volcanic stones.
Most saunas here are coed, and men and women sweat together dressed only in towels.
Some saunas are only for men , or only for women .
Some saunas are only for men, or only for women.
A saurel is a scad
Saurel lasts longer with salt.
Saurel makes wonderful use of the medium.
Saurel shows an attention to detail and technique, which is subtle rather than flashy.
Sauropod dinosaurs have long necks.
Sauropod dinosaurs have necks.
Most sauropod dinosaurs have long necks.
Most sauropod dinosaurs have necks.
Some sauropod dinosaurs are classified as sauropods.
Many sauropod skeletons have several tail vertebrae fused together.
A sauropod is a dinosaur
Sauropod isa dinosaur.
Sauropods are apparently so far outside the range of existing frameworks that they are a challenge.
Sauropods are notable for their body form as well as their enormous size.
Sauropods are of course well-known for being large animals.
Sauropods are the true giants among terrestrial reptiles.
Sauropods are very large plant-eaters with long necks, small heads, blunt teeth and very long tails.
Sauropods differ from mammalian and ornithischian herbivores in regard to the respiratory system.
Sauropods feed on angiosperm plants.
Sauropods feed on plants.
Sauropods get oxygen.
Sauropods get vital oxygen.
Sauropods have (part) brains.
Sauropods have (part) breasts.
Sauropods have (part) cell membranes.
Sauropods have (part) cells.
Sauropods have (part) chest cavities.
Sauropods have (part) chests.
Sauropods have (part) corpi.
Sauropods have (part) cytoplasm.
Sauropods have (part) ears.
Sauropods have (part) faces.
Sauropods have (part) heads.
Sauropods have (part) nuclei.
Sauropods have (part) pedal extremities.
Sauropods have (part) plasma membranes.
Sauropods have (part) rib cages.
Sauropods have (part) sections.
Sauropods have (part) skulls.
Sauropods have (part) sterna.
Sauropods have (part) vacuoles.
Sauropods have (part) vertebrate feet.
Sauropods have chest muscles.
Sauropods have legs.
Sauropods have muscles.
Sauropods have powerful chest muscles.
Sauropods have powerful muscles.
Sauropods have simple hinge joints at the knee that allow the leg only to bend.
Sauropods have soft tissue.
Sauropods have thick legs.
Sauropods have tiny brains.
Sauropods have tissue.
Sauropods need air.
Sauropods reach ages.
Sauropods reach maturity.
Sauropods reach sexual maturity.
Sauropods seem to have lived in herds and tended their young .
Sauropods swallow fodder.
Many sauropods are known from so few bones that comparing their relationships is often difficult.
Most sauropods feed on angiosperm plants.
Most sauropods feed on plants.
Most sauropods get oxygen.
Most sauropods get vital oxygen.
Most sauropods have a long neck and a rather small head.
Most sauropods have chest muscles.
Most sauropods have legs.
Most sauropods have muscles.
Most sauropods have powerful chest muscles.
Most sauropods have powerful muscles.
Most sauropods have soft tissue.
Most sauropods have thick legs.
Most sauropods have tissue.
Most sauropods reach ages.
Most sauropods reach maturity.
Most sauropods reach sexual maturity.
Some sauropods attain large size.
Some sauropods attain size.
Some sauropods avoid problems.
Some sauropods conserve energy.
Some sauropods face problems.
Some sauropods have air sacs.
Some sauropods have features.
Some sauropods have feet.
Some sauropods have heads.
Some sauropods have hearts.
Some sauropods have herbivores.
Some sauropods have little variation.
Some sauropods have long necks.
Some sauropods have necks.
Some sauropods have sacs.
Some sauropods have shoulder necks.
Some sauropods have skulls.
Some sauropods have tiny skulls.
Some sauropods have variation.
Some sauropods live in angiosperms.
Some sauropods rely on resources.
Some sauropods use respiration.
Some sauropods use tails.
Sausage also makes other cool programs.
Sausage can be a real problem too.
Sausage can be ANY ingredient in casing .
Sausage comes from pigs.
Sausage Eat in Only.
Sausage freezes well.
Sausage has methods.
Sausage is actually quite simple to prepare.
Sausage is available for purchase.
Sausage is committed to supporting all available Internet technologies.
Sausage is food.
Sausage is foodstuff.
Sausage is located in pizzas.
Sausage is made both from meat and from blood or from a mixture of the two.
Sausage is made from fresh port loin trimmings to ensure unsurpassed flavor and tenderness.
Sausage is made from the lean meat of hams and shoulders.
Sausage is made from the meat left on bones.
Sausage is made of meat.
Sausage is meat
Sausage is meat.
Sausage is perishable.
Sausage is the basic Finnish fast food.
Sausage is used for food.
Sausage is very good, turkey is fine.
Sausage isa meat.
Sausage just lies on the canvas like a hot dog on a bun.
Sausage requires some special attention.
Sausage tastes good.
Sausages are a really famous part of the typical Panamanian breakfast.
Sausages are also easy because there is a wide range of degrees of doneness that is acceptable.
Sausages are made in house too.
Sausages are one of the earliest forms of processed foods.
Sausages are popular as are sweets made with almonds, sugar and honey.
Sausages are snaggers or snags.
Sausages are some of the oldest foods.
Sausages are versatile, often being used to flavor soups, rice, pasta and even cornbread.
Sausages are without doubt one of the nation's favourite foods.
Sausages Cut apart a string of sausages.
Sausages made from beef and pork are also popular either grilled or fried.
Sausages taste good.
Sausages often have meat from the animal's head, lips, cheeks, and other parts.
Sausages usually contain various additives, such as salt,onions and spices.
All sausages are available raw, cooked, or smoked.
All sausages contain milk.
Most sausage comes from pigs.
Most sausage has methods.
Some sausage contains minerals.
A saute is a dish
Saute stems in butter and put aside.
Savage peoples employ initiation ceremonies as an ordeal.
Savage scratching begins.
Savage soils are fine.
A savage is a person
Savage argues for redefinition of the teacher's responsibilities in the technical writing classroom.
Savage calculates the investment earns out in four months.
Savage discusses giving as a spiritual exercise.
Savage does a good job of providing a rationale for the approach.
Savage goes on to cite more questionable motivations.
Savage have to ride in Hogan's shadows.
Savage is also big on photography, skating, and surfing.
Savage is haunted by both life's waste and the hell of hope.
Savage is no populist tree hugger.
Savage loves the work.
Savage pushes the camera out of the way.
Savage reverses it.
Savage seems happy.
Savage shows a lot of promise.
Savage shows how many gay and lesbian couples are looking for families.
Savage starts going wild and finally challenges Hogan for leadership in nWo.
Savage starts with the basics.
Savage tosses the animal aside and runs once more for the finish.
Savages accom- pany their speech with gestures.
Savages are always cruel.
Savages are highly scientific.
Savages are primitives.
Savages begin to be civilized when they submit their difficulties to their peers.
Savages have a sense of property only a little more fully developed.
Savages redress what they call their wrongs, They appeal to knife or gun.
Savages seem to have often far less sensitiveness to pain than have culti- vated and refined people.
Savages take epilepsy for inspiration.
Savages always announce their valor by a deathcry, when they have taken a scalp . . .
Savages always announce their valor by a deathcry, when they have taken a scalp.
Savages often suffer from famines, and are sometimes expelled by war from their own homes.
Every savage can dance.
Savanna baboons display a number of mating tactics correlated with their age.
Savanna chimpanzees adapt to environments.
Most savanna chimpanzees adapt to environments.
Savanna elephants are larger than forest elephants, and their tusks curve outwards.
Savanna elephants eat grass.
Most savanna elephants eat grass.
Most savanna grass is coarse and grows in patches with interspersed areas of bare ground.
Some savanna grass provides food.
All savanna primates are primarily diurnal and terrestrial.
Savanna soils are acidic and poorly drained and yet they produce an amazing variety of plants.
Savanna soils are of better quality than rainforest soils.
Most savanna systems are under threat from more than one weed species.
Savanna vegetation is found in the northeast and the higher plateau areas.
Savanna vegetation is typical composed of a mixture of grass and trees.
Savanna intersperses with open woodlands.
Savanna intersperses with woodlands.
Savanna is grassland
Savanna isa grassland.
Savanna supports graze mammals.
Savanna supports mammals.
Many savannas simply look like open parks with scattered trees.
Most savanna supports graze mammals.
Most savannas probably experience mild fires frequently and major burns every two years or so.
Some savanna receive as much rainfall as a tropical dry forest, others as little as deserts.
Savannah baboons live in habitats.
Savannah Beach offers swimming, fishing, boating, and other outdoor activities.
Some savannah cats look like african servals.
Some savannah cats look like servals.
Savannah elephants have brains.
Savannah elephants weigh tonnes.
Most savannah elephants have brains.
Most savannah elephants weigh tonnes.
Savannah monitors are extremely active and curious.
Savannah monitors are reptiles.
Savannah monitors come from a hot, fairly dry climate.
Savannah monitors come from the semi-arid regions of Africa.
Savannah monitors have sharp claws, and become very strong.
Savannah monitors seem to like their privacy.
Savannah monitors undergo a considerable dietary shift when they become adults.
A savannah is grassland
Savannah isa grassland.
Savannah marks the first step in a series of franchise repurchases.
Savannah mobilizes to combat teenage pregnancy problem.
Savannah sparrow eating the shell from the first hatched egg.
Savannah species all fill a particular niche within their ecosystem.
Savannahs are highly intelligent and can be trained to do many things.
Savannahs are indescriminant, and voracious eaters.
Savannahs are intelligent and highly energetic.
Savannahs are one of the most popular monitor lizard pets.
Savannahs are one of the newest and most exciting cat breeds available today.
Savannahs are secretive, especially small ones who are prey for other, larger, animals.
Savannahs are smaller, with shorter, notched tails.
Savannahs are the white throat's smaller cousins which inhabit areas further north.
Savannahs are very difficult to breed.
Savannahs are very fast.
Savannahs are very rare thus they are priced accordingly.
Savannahs are very smart, very strong, and very good at escaping.
Savannahs come in a variety of beautiful colors and patterns.
Savannahs get along wonderfully with children and other household pets such as other cats and dogs.
Savannahs have a rainy period during the summer.
Savannahs have incredibly sharp claws, and can easily shred a hole in screen.
Savannahs occur in countries.
Savannahs seem to bond with and can be trusted with well behaved children.
Savannahs usually are less expensive to purchase than some of the other monitor species.
Many savannahs have trouble adapting to change.
Most savannahs occur in countries.
Some Savannahs almost seem to be affectionate towards their owners.
Some savannahs find in grassland.
Some savannahs have ability.
Some savannahs have attributes.
Some savannahs intersperse with acacia woodlands.
Some savannahs intersperse with open acacia woodlands.
Some savannahs intersperse with open woodlands.
Some savannahs intersperse with woodlands.
Savannas are tropical grasslands with widely scattered clumps of low trees.
Savannas exist in places that are warm throughout the year.
Savannas occupy higher sites, namely the alturas, and are maintained by annual burning.
Savannas typically experience a rather prolonged dry season.
Savant syndrome is rare.
A savant is a student
Savant provides support for most modern web features and technologies.
Savant requires textual document to be able to index for later retrieval.
Savants are rare, in fact, some of our children are profoundly retarded.
Savatina jewellery is very common in Greece.
SAVE function is available.
SAVE instructors meet with school principals and classroom teachers prior to giving lessons.
SAVE students are also welcome to enroll on a space-available basis.
SAVE students can register during summer through continuing ed.
Saves are a bad bet at imps.
Saves are prevention.
Saves are totally up to the game and sometimes frustrating where they choose to save.
Saves are usually a lot harder to find than wins are.
Saves come at the end of each successfully completed arena.
Saves is a popular category to blow off.
All saves are in zip format.
Saved changes are now in effect.
Saved data are camera settings, ter file, sun settings and water level.
Saved documents are only visible to a user if they are a member of the workgroup.
Saved documents remember and restore the query panel splitter.
Saved dollars are cheaper than borrowed dollars.
Saved energy means there is more money for other university budgets.
Saved graphs are in text file format.
Saved messages can be accurate data for reviewing the process of the therapy.
Saved messages can be accurate information for reliving and reevaluating the relationship.
Saved money is found money.
Saved passwords are great - one less thing to remember.
Saved people are the church.
Saved people live inside of an enemy, the flesh.
Saved person is alive because of divine nature within.
Saved pictures appear in a browsable dialogue for easy selection.
Saved programs can simply then be simply uploaded back into a QCommander.
Saved time is one major benefit.
A saver is a person
Saver details the five pillars with explanations.
Saver displays scenery from randomly generated, imaginary planets in space.
Saver isa individual.
Saver isa person.
Saver isa somebody.
Saver isa someone.
Savers also connect to the vehicle's DC power supply via the cigarette lighter plug.
Savers also have understandable worries about security.
Savers are actually bigger spenders than spenders.
Savers are always ahead of the game.
Savers are in order of latest to oldest.
Savers are like squirrels hoarding acorns.
Savers are often conservative, over-plan their lives and have a tough time getting dates.
Savers are owners.
Savers are waterproof to stay on.
Savers can find even higher rates on the internet.
Savers can open as many accounts for as many beneficiaries as they want.
Savers continue to save and accumulate.
Savers have (part) arms.
Savers have (part) body substances.
Savers have (part) cell membranes.
Savers have (part) cells.
Savers have (part) corpi.
Savers have (part) cytoplasm.
Savers have (part) heads.
Savers have (part) human bodies.
Savers have (part) legs.
Savers have (part) material bodies.
Savers have (part) necks.
Savers have (part) nuclei.
Savers have (part) personality.
Savers have (part) plasma membranes.
Savers have (part) sections.
Savers have (part) vacuoles.
Savers have a number of issues to consider.
Savers Learn to set priorities on things like goals, tasks, meeting agenda items, interruptions.
Savers pay themselves first.
Savers pix oriental.
Savers rent a car Reno, Nevada.
Savers require a higher rate of return on riskier investments.
Savers respond to higher real interest rates by increasing deposits in financial institutions.
Savers say resisting jewellery, depositing money .
Every saver is a member and every member is an owner.
Most savers begin by depositing small amounts in an interest-bearing account.
Some savers possess charisma.
A saving is an action
Saving also creates an icon for that document.
Saving Be sure to save often and keep updating and saving.
Saving becomes a habit.
Saving becomes the first priority, rather than the last.
Saving begins with a simple decision of how much to save each week to meet financial goals.
Saving can be as simple as powering off equipment during down times.
Saving can be easy.
Saving can be wise, but it is never a substitute for giving.
Saving comes before investing.
Saving comes from Heavens.
Saving comes from several sources.
Saving does require some discipline.
Saving doesnt work It used to be a good game till an update destroyed it.
Saving enables people to enjoy a measure of security when times are rough.
Saving frees up resources that can be used for investment either here or abroad.
Saving has to be as real and constant as buying food or paying the mortgage.
Saving is a basic philosophy really.
Saving is a life skill that is more effective the younger it is learned.
Saving is a luxury they can ill afford.
Saving is a prerequisite to investing.
Saving is a very fine thing.
Saving is actually just about the easiest thing imaginable.
Saving is also important for reaching short and long-term goals.
Saving is an art.
Saving is as simple as dragging a picture to a gallery area.
Saving is automatic.
Saving is better than earning .
Saving is cool .
Saving is empowering.
Saving is equal to consumption.
Saving is for the rich.
Saving is good, but there's a better way.
Saving is habitual.
Saving is handy for sending the card into the field with a technician.
Saving is hard.
Saving is important for many reasons.
Saving is important.
Saving is just the amount of water in the tank at any time.
Saving is made easier with payroll deduction.
Saving is money set aside for future use while investing is money set aside for future gain .
Saving is negative.
Saving is non-spending , thus it is a leakage from the flow of expenditure.
Saving is now out of fashion.
Saving is often painless with a few simple measures that also reduce monthly bills.
Saving is peculiar.
Saving is positive.
Saving is possible .
Saving is postponed consumption.
Saving is really a part of spending too.
Saving is the easiest and most economical way to pay for college.
Saving is the least expensive way to pay for college.
Saving is the only true route to wealth and security.
Saving is the process of transforming present goods into future goods.
Saving is the same as submitting.
Saving is typically for the short-term.
Saving is unavailable in demo version.
Saving Is Unfair.
Saving is what fuelled the Industrial Revolution and what really fuelled the 'Asian miracle'.
Saving is zero.
Saving isa action.
Saving lives definitely outweighs the controversy.
Saving lives in Australia's outback is a fantastic feeling.
Saving lives is an incredible morale-lifter.
Saving lives is goal, founder says.
Saving lives is no longer an abstract but a hands-on reality.
Saving lives is our first priority.
Saving lives is rare.
Saving lives is the first obligation of forecasters.
Saving lives is uppermost on the minds of an opiate users loved ones.
Saving lives is very rewarding.
Saving lives is what seatbelts are all about.
Saving lives is.
Saving lives through education comes at a very small price.
Saving lives through preventative health care.
Saving lives through research and education.
Saving means different things to different people.
Saving means living on less than the families on TV do.
Saving means putting aside and keeping it there.
Saving means voluntarily putting aside a certain amount of money regularly, for future usage.
Saving needs to be a lifelong habit.
Saving pins saves money and makes the device smaller.
Saving provides the resources to build new factories, and develop new technologies.
Saving refers to money that children set aside for some future use.
Saving requires a virtual function Save that saves the type, description, date and time.
Saving seems to take a long time also.
Saving simply makes a backup copy.
Saving starts with discipline.
Saving takes no time whatsoever, and neither does loading.
Saving takes only a second or two.
Savings account checking account . .
Savings account checking account .
Savings account deposits and interest earned are free of federal income taxation.
Savings account No.
Savings account with no minimum deposit, no maintenance fees and two free withdrawals per month.
Savings account with parent as trustee.
Savings accounts .
Savings accounts A savings account is an account that earns interest.
Savings accounts as legal investments and as security for bonds.
Savings accounts available to both individuals and businesses.
Savings accounts Check out the full comparison of interest rates for our savings accounts.
Savings accounts earn interest, which if left in the account, adds to principal.
Savings accounts earn interest, which if left in the account, adds to the principal.
Savings accounts for all UK residents.
Savings accounts for flexible, consistent growth.
Savings accounts that are safe, secure and high yielding.
Savings accounts to meet any goal.
Savings accumulate tax-deferred.
Savings add up at the environmental bottom line too.
Savings add up quickly when fully loaded mileage is tens of thousands of miles a year.
Savings add up.
Savings allow for upgrades on key components, seating, and accessories.
Savings alone can finance hardware and software.
Savings also come in terms of the equipment and personnel needed for remote access.
Savings also continue to grow.
Savings also provide an effective short-run financial cushion.
Savings also provide security mechanisms for the poor during low income periods.
Savings apply for multiple dive purchases in advance.
Savings apply to all stateroom categories.
Savings apply to the lower price bag.
Savings are a critical element in the prosperity of individuals and a society.
Savings are a function of volume, the source of the gas and timing of contracts.
Savings are a leakage or withdrawal from the circular flow.
Savings are a result of purchasing only a single tab as opposed to the current two tabs per vehicle.
Savings are a unique and treacherous form of capital punishment.
Savings are a way to secure a future for themselves and for their children.
Savings are also available on car hire, holidays and travel bookings.
Savings are also available when ordering from the full line catalogue.
Savings are also dependent on the successful conclusion of a settlement.
Savings are also part of a thorough plan.
Savings are also usually more liquid.
Savings are also, of course, a part of Indian culture.
Savings are an appropriate income option during short-term disability.
Savings are approximate and based upon accuracy of information provided.
Savings are automatic.
Savings are available to students who enroll, with payment, for the complete certificate program.
Savings are available with monthly and yearly passes .
Savings are available with the site's discount card.
Savings are close to zero.
Savings are considerable.
Savings are copying files.
Savings are critical to fund future modernization.
Savings are difficult to obtain because of the very uneven demand for the service.
Savings are double the intended projections.
Savings are down, and it seems that borrowing is supplying the cash for the stock bubble.
Savings are due primarily to improve thermal comfort.
Savings are enhanced if several antigens are delivered in a single vaccine.
Savings are especially dramatic for International locations.
Savings are even greater with commercial bakers.
Savings are even greater with volume discounts and contract plans.
Savings are even more significant in buildings heated with electricity.
Savings are far from automatic.
Savings are for illustrative purposes only.
Savings are for two purposes.
Savings are funds.
Savings are fungible and can thus be transferred from one account to another.
Savings are generally a thing of the past.
Savings are good for that day only.
Savings are great, but delivery time is measured in months.
Savings are greatest for multiple day courses with higher attendance.
Savings are gross amounts.
Savings are immediate and can be measured far into the future.
Savings are immediate and payment is made directly to the Provider.
Savings are impossible without advanced payment methodology.
Savings are impressive.
Savings are in the millions.
Savings are just a click away.
Savings are less on domestic travel.
Savings are likely for international members.
Savings are necessary if the economy is to grow.
Savings are necessary to economic growth.
Savings are neither a prerequisite nor an inducement for investment.
Savings are net of implementation costs.
Savings are normally useful to a society.
Savings are nothing more than a place to set it aside.
Savings are now at their maximum.
Savings are off original prices.
Savings are often significant with no adverse affect on delivery time.
Savings are per room.
Savings are quite significant verses first class U.S. mail.
Savings are rare.
Savings are recordings.
Savings are significantly below retail pricing, and in many instances, below wholesale.
Savings are small and artificial.
Savings are substantial in initial setup costs alone.
Savings are substantial.
Savings are tax-deferred.
Savings are the building blocks of civilization.
Savings are the driving force in the economy.
Savings are the main source of funds for all credit union low interest loans.
Savings are the means by which present goods are transformed into future goods.
Savings are the result of reduced processing and mailing costs.
Savings are the seeds for American economic growth and prosperity.
Savings are to be accomplished primarily through adjustments in compensation.
Savings are tremendous.
Savings associated with thin clients come from a number of areas.
Savings associated with time and convenience can be significant also.
Savings below are retail prices minus quantity prices.
Savings can add up by using the cheapest one for each task.
Savings can also be the most promising source of capital to fund a microcredit portfolio.
Savings can be dramatic in older buildings in improving energy usage.
Savings can be dramatic.
Savings can be enormous and immediate.
Savings can be equal to the annual club membership fee.
Savings can be equally elusive.
Savings can be even greater when new systems are custom-engineered or replace old systems.
Savings can be financial as well.
Savings can be greater for European holidays.
Savings can be huge.
Savings can be more valuable than earnings.
Savings can be quite impressive.
Savings can be significant with a large volume containing lots of smallish files.
Savings can be significant.
Savings can be substantial.
Savings can be subtantial.
Savings can be very substantial.
Savings can now be more flexible in allowing for job-hopping and career breaks.
Savings can often be substantial.
Savings can quickly outweigh the membership fee, and all services are included.
Savings can take a variety of forms.
Savings can take many forms.
Savings can thus be enormous.
Savings clauses .
Savings come about by creating larger school size rather than district size.
Savings come from elimination of failures.
Savings come from lower fuel consumption and reduced maintenance costs.
Savings come from reduced raw materials and treatment costs.
Savings come in material, time, labor, and cleanup of the site.
Savings come in staff costs, because direct debits are processed more easily.
Savings come in the form of reduced operating costs, increased efficiency and productivity.
Savings continue to be achieved through earlier occupancy and quicker return on investment.
Savings creates a new mentality about their resources.
Savings depends on current source of irrigation supply and the number of people in the house.
Savings determines investment and so governs the rate of capital accumulation.
Savings differ at each location, but here are some examples.
Savings differ by product type and by neighborhoods.
Savings differ in various regions of the country.
Savings dread until any weather how dread duke blue devils posters.
Savings dread until any weather how dread rockets clothes.
Savings earn dividends at a competitive rate from the day of deposit to the day of withdrawal.
Savings equals disposable income less consumption.
Savings flows out of the city.
Savings fuel an economy and entrepreneurship drives it.
Savings generally stem from lower reimbursement rates to hospitals, doctors and managed-care groups.
Savings Go Directly to . . .
Savings go into for example, real estate.
Savings go right back into the program.
Savings have to be made everywhere, as they put it.
Savings Here are savings on per-type basis.
Savings here can be significant.
Savings implies a commitment to systematic hoarding of discretionary assets.
Savings is a choice.
Savings is a habit to be forged.
Savings is a habit, a commitment, a way of life.
Savings is an integral part of the program.
Savings is another benefit.
Savings is based on a usage baseline.
Savings is by definition relative.
Savings is compounded monthly.
Savings is Guaranteed .
Savings is included in prices above and are automatically deducted when vacation is booked.
Savings is mandatory.
Savings is only part of it.
Savings is rewarded.
Savings is savings.
Savings is simply a deferral of consumption.
Savings is still the number one reason for getting and using frequent shopper cards.
Savings is the basis for productivity growth that leads to a higher standard of living.
Savings is the difference between disposable income and consumption.
Savings is the one bill that almost everyone is delinquent in paying.
Savings just keep adding up.
Savings kick in only at the register.
Savings listed are relative to the products purchased a la carte.
Savings make dreams come true.
Savings mean that one pays less than required for something.
Savings occur in all factors of production.
Savings occurs when people's wants are satisfied and they postpone consuming additional goods.
Savings plans Most of the new state-sponsored plans are savings plans.
Savings play a major role in the Dutch energy policy.
Savings primarily seem to occur with heavy international dialing rather than domestic.
Savings promotes growth when such savings are invested to generate more wealth.
Savings provide a reserve in times of uncertainty.
Savings provide investment capital for infrastructure repair and everything from schools to roads.
Savings provide resources for high levels of investment which in turn acts to fuel overall growth.
Savings provide the means by which real output and incomes increase.
Savings range from hundreds of dollars to ten of thousands.
Savings realized by early detection are an unknown factor.
Savings realized by the transparent caching are also significant.
Savings refer to primary and additional line flat rate service plan.
Savings reflect the amount left over after subtracting spending from incomes.
Savings result from more efficient internal operations within all agencies in the state.
Savings result from reduced purchasing of metal salts.
Savings resulting from demotion or downward reclassification of an employee's position are rare.
Savings retire except any weather how dread auburn tigers clothes.
Savings Save with special shopping discounts available to subscribers.
Savings seem to be pretty good after all.
Savings shown are per person.
Savings shown are savings over the price of the individual components as shown in our price list.
Savings shown include Free car promotion.
Savings Sign up for lower energy prices by enabling moderation of usage during peak periods.
Savings start to build instead of diminishing.
Savings stem from increased productivity rather than lower wages.
Savings varies by drive size.
Savings vary .
Savings vary according to duration and destination of call.
Savings vary among institutions because each employs a different method of draping and gowning.
Savings vary and are dependent largely upon the number of wireless users.
Savings vary by geographical region.
Savings vary depending on group size and taxi usage.
Savings vary depending on subscription.
Savings vary depending on the room chosen.
Savings vary depending upon a company's profits, payroll and other factors.
Savings when purchasing a pack are in red below.
Savings when purchasing a pack are in red.
Saving often is a real necessity here.
All saving are according to rooms and tours reservations.
All saving is done on the History page .
All saving is self-saving.
Any savings is pure profit.
Any savings squeezed from the supply chain goes straight to the bottom-line.
Many savings are achieved by making a phone call, others require writing a letter.
More savings come from the reduced cost of inmate rotation.
Most savings come from designing in power on demand with low leakage drivers.
Most savings come in the move from two insurers to one.
Some savings are in presentation.
Some savings are possible in management and in labor.
A savings account is a bank account
Savings account continues to grow.
Savings accounts are bank accounts.
Savings accounts are basically free of risk to a bank.
Savings accounts are limited to six pre-arranged withdrawals per statement cycle.
Savings accounts are primarily for depositing money to earn interest.
Savings accounts are simple savings plans.
Savings accounts are the simplest way to save money.
Savings accounts are time deposits.
Savings accounts are usually for long term savings.
Savings accounts earn a higher rate of interest than checking accounts.
Savings accounts earn a market rate of interest on the daily balance on deposit.
Savings accounts offer lower return than the market rates.
Savings accounts tend to yield small percentages.
A savings bank is a thrift institution
Savings banks are by no means all the same.
Savings banks operate all over the world.
A savings bond is a government bond
Savings bonds are a means to set money aside for the future.
Savings bonds are a solid investment backed by stability and security.
Savings bonds are also exempt from state and local taxes.
Savings bonds are attractive, but mature after the student is finished with school.
Savings Bonds are available for all state employees.
Savings bonds are available for purchase online.
Savings bonds are cheap and are stable.
Savings bonds are exempt from state and local income and personal property taxes.
Savings bonds are exempt from state and local income taxes.
Savings bonds are government bonds.
Savings bonds are no different.
Savings bonds are the most widely held investment in America.
Savings bonds are the single most common investments that young adults have.
Savings bonds are very secure investments.
Savings bonds can be an excellent way to help build savings for retirement.
Savings bonds earn competitive interest rates that keep up with market conditions.
Savings bonds have many advantages for investors.
Savings bonds have two dates of maturity.
Savings Bonds make great gifts for birthdays, graduations, weddings, and other holidays.
Savings bonds offer a very special guarantee.
Savings bonds work differently than most other means of investment.
Savings rates are among the highest in the world.
Savings stamps are worth their face value.
A savior is a helper
Saviors are never in short supply in the wide-screen West.
Saviors usually come with a track record.
Savonnerie rugs are usually baronial in size and are better suited to elaborate and formal rooms.
Savored salt represents personal righteousness.
Savory cooking has more dimensions than pastry.
Savory food has a distinctive smell or aroma that creates an atmosphere.
A savory is a herb
Savories are herbs.
Savory Adds an unusual sweet flavor to green vegetables.
Savory also dries well.
Savory concludes that cattle can thus be used to restore habitat and to protect biodiversity.
Savory delights buffet-style and plenty of wine.
Savory has a clean, piney fragrance and a peppery flavor.
Savory includes summer savory and winter savory.
Savory is an annual that is reminiscent of sage and thyme crossed.
Savory is an excellent herb for vegetable juices, meatloaf, beans, peas and lentils.
Savory is available in both summer and winter varieties.
Savory is used extensively either fresh or dried on soups, sauces and marinades.
Savory tames the strong flavors of broccoli, cabbage and Brussels sprouts.
Savory Trim all fat from moose.
Most savory is the polenta with grilled mushrooms, caramelized onions, garlic and truffle oil.
Savoured salt represents personal righteousness.
Savoury flavours with a light delicate flaky texture.
Savoury is a herb
A savoy cabbage is a cabbage
Savoy cabbage has a tender texture and is mostly used for salads.
Savoy cabbage has attractive, crinkled leaves that form a looser head.
Savoy cabbage is a particularly fine vegetable and is very easy to work with.
Savoy cabbage is like ordinary cabbage, but with a milder flavor.
Savoy cabbage is pale- to dark green with crinkled leaves, overlapped in a loose head.
Savoy cabbage looks like regular cabbage that sat in the bath too long.
A savoy is a cabbage
Savoy knows that taste destroys art.
Savoy specializes in soft lifestyle features and profiles of black celebrities.
Savoyed varieties are characterized by their dark green crinkly leaves.
Savu village is modest.
Savvy administrators can help.
Savvy administrators realize that the challenge reaches far beyond the technology.
Savvy agents have many The story.
Savvy analysts know how to pick up the mood and the tone of company executives.
Savvy athletes depend on it.
Savvy birders acknowledge that daily birding has almost nothing to do with rarities.
Savvy brokers have no trouble getting listings.
Savvy businesses harness the power of the Internet to advertise their products and services .
Every savvy business has a good environmental lawyer to sanitize environmental public relations.
Savvy buyers are flexible in the rules they use.
Savvy buyers refuse to do business where the greed factor is so obvious.
Savvy companies get it and that conversation is becoming a cutting-edge, strategic advantage.
Savvy companies know the differences in the three.
Savvy companies protect their trademarks by establishing monitoring programs.
Savvy companies recognize that a major revolution is taking place in markets and marketing.
Savvy companies trade off the open bar for training materials.
Savvy consumers avoid paying interest on interest by paying it as it accrues.
Savvy consumers can also join together and encourage vendors to offer volume discounts.
Savvy consumers can score real deals on used vehicles.
Savvy consumers knock down their balances by making higher payments before anticipated rate changes.
Savvy consumers learn how to get the most for the least amount of money.
Savvy consumers realize the value of purchasing products that deliver long-term value.
Savvy consumers spend their money wisely, getting the most out of every dollar.
Savvy cooks call ahead to tailor their menus to what's in that day.
Savvy cooks choose it to send some meats and seafood on a lawful acid trip.
Savvy customers demand more and better products and faster services.
Savvy diners confine their trips to luxe places for special occasions.
Savvy directors know when to play disciplinarian and when to let things lie.
Savvy editors keep an eye on the digital tape counter as tapes are shuttled back and forth.
Savvy employers post all their open jobs, as well as a profile of their company.
Some savvy employers emphasize grades in specific courses with known content.
Savvy entrepreneurs bring mouthwatering sophistication to American favorites in Mountain View.
Savvy entrepreneurs know that a Web site is essential for success today and in the future.
Savvy executives choose impressive yardsticks.
Savvy fans slap on a straw hat and slather themselves with sunblock.
Most savvy fishers switch over to terrestrials like ants, beetles or hoppers.
Savvy flyers can take steps to wring the most out of the system.
Savvy folks understand.
Savvy guys know to bring Mom and girlfriend each a box of their favorite chocolates.
Savvy hackers can eavesdrop on Internet transmissions with relative ease.
Savvy handicappers play parlays with caution.
Many savvy hunters mount a scope on their shotgun for more precise aiming.
Savvy interviewers are highly trained and closely supervised.
Savvy investors analyze whether a fund's investment strategy meshes nicely with their own.
Savvy investors are prepared and poised to seize future opportunities .
Savvy investors buy acreage and follow new roads.
Savvy investors know it, too.
Savvy investors know that the way to reach their financial goals is to take the long-term approach.
Savvy investors recognize a good bargain.
Savvy leaders notice the connection between follow through and credibility in future renewals.
Savvy management packs the house with clever promotions, name DJs and hot go-go boys.
Savvy marketers are well aware of the value of follow-up.
Savvy marketers incorporate letters into their media ads and brochures.
Savvy merchants know the potential of a super affiliate.
Savvy movers head to their local grocery store or furniture store and ask for their empty boxes.
Savvy nurses understand that business is now an integral part of nursing care.
Savvy paddlers know to reserve their tow in advance to ensure prompt service.
Savvy photographers use what is called the rule of thirds.
Savvy players know the intricacies of unit weaknesses and strengths all too well.
Savvy players relish betting into the dime line.
Savvy politicians know that the only economic hope for Japan is structural economic reform.
Savvy politicos watch party perceptions as well as party affiliation.
Savvy professionals make sure they're fishing where the fishes really are.
Any savvy recruiter is well aware of the economic downturn that is facing most industries today.
Savvy renters know they have to move it or lose it.
Savvy retailers wait at least one month before having grand openings.
Savvy retailers wait at least one month before having their grand openings.
Savvy riders choose their roads and the times they ride to reduce the risks.
Savvy riders choose their routes and times to avoid as many road hazards as possible.
Savvy seasoning can make for more healthful recipes, too.
Savvy sellers understand the importance of timing their house sale and pricing it correctly.
Savvy shoppers are the beneficiaries.
Savvy shoppers can find and negotiate better deals online.
Savvy shoppers can find and negotiate great deals online, leaving more money in their pockets.
Savvy shoppers can find better accounts at smaller or online banks.
Savvy shoppers can find grand alaskan cruises at unbelievably low prices.
Savvy shoppers can find real bargains.
Savvy shoppers can find treasurers in the district's many antique stores.
Savvy shoppers gain access to vital pricing data so they can negotiate a better deal.
Savvy shoppers know it's important to check their receipts to make sure the right price is entered.
Savvy shoppers know that buying bulk costs less.
Savvy shopping can cut grocery bills by at least twenty dollars a month.
Savvy soloists talk about how they get clients to pay on time every time.
Savvy surfers can stay private in a variety of ways.
Savvy teams know just how far they can go to exploit the home-field advantage.
Savvy tenants know what to look for when shopping for space.
Some savvy tourists carry a fake second wallet in an easy pocket to pick or to throw at thieves.
Savvy traders know big profits can be made when stocks announce their payout.
Savvy traders know that accurate market data can make all the difference.
Savvy travelers know that a bed and breakfast offers visitors a special experience.
Savvy travelers know they can get to almost every city Horizon serves in about an hour and a half.
Savvy travelers reserve far in advance and look for last minute openings at reduced rates.
Savvy travelers use maps to navigate their journey through physical space.
Savvy users are technology enthusiasts.
Savvy users can access their own datasets as well.
Savvy users turn to search engines to ease the task of locating relevant material.
Savvy vendors know how to keep on-line customers coming back for more on a regular basis.
Savvy viewers can tell, moments after the lights go down, whether they're in for a good time.
Savvy writers draw a neat line through such clauses.
Savy students find out on the student grapevine which professors to take and which to avoid.
A saw is a hand tool
Saw is in excellent to new condition.
Saw is used to clean away small areas of rock.
Saws also do occasionally break when bending to load on a pack animal.
Saws are for the most part made of tempered steel.
Saws are hand tools.
SAWs are light enough to be used by one man .
SAWs are light enough to be used by one man.
Saws are located in basements.
Saws are located in hardware stores.
Saws are located in toolboxs.
Saws are sharps.
Saws are tools.
Saws are used for cuts.
Saws are used for cuttings.
Saws are used for sawings.
Saws are video games.
Saws can bend during rip sawing or burn during cross-cutting.
Saws come in many sizes and shapes, designed for most home remodeling projects.
Saws have sharp edges.
Saws ignore the grain and tend to cause cross-grained weak spots.
Saws lumber from both certified and non-certified forests.
Saws range from ultra high speed band saws to air driven break up saws.
All saws leave some roughness on cut edges.
All saws position the stop switch by the user's right thumb.
Many saws also come equipped with a chain catcher that is designed to catch a broken chain.
Many saws use a safety switch, which requires extra effort to turn on but can easily be turned off.
Most saws mount the cutterhead on an axle at the operator's end of sliding tubes.
Sawaal news is updated on real-time basis.
Sawdust is wood
Sawdust isa wood.
Some sawdust improves survival.
Some sawdust is from logs soaked in salt water and is therefore toxic to plants.
A sawfish is a ray
Sawfishes are certainly among the most unusual of fishes.
Sawfishes range in color from light grey, to beige, to brown, and even olive green.
Sawfishes use their saws to root out and impale their fish prey.
Sawfishs are fish.
Sawfishs are rays.
Sawfishs are software.
A sawfly is an insect
Sawflies affect a number of different plants but different types tend to affect different crops.
Sawflies are a little known group closely related to wasps.
Sawflies are likely to be a problem on roses in areas where wild roses are present.
Sawflies are more abundant in mowed fields than in burnt fields.
Sawflies are non-stinging wasps that have their ovipositor serrated like a saw.
Sawflies are primitive hymenopterous insects and are related to bees, wasps, and ants.
Sawflies are small, dark, non-stinging wasps.
Sawflies are the larval stages of a group of wasps.
Sawflies begin feeding on the tips of a branch and strip one branch before moving on to another.
Sawflies belong in the group of insects which includes ants, bees, and wasps.
Sawflies damage the leaves especially on young trees.
Sawflies feed in dusters.
Sawflies feed on needles and pollen.
Sawflies have five or more pair of prolegs, while caterpillars have less than five.
Sawflies lay eggs in plant stems.
Sawflies regularly suffer from a lethal virus-like disease that greatly reduces their number.
Sawflies superficially resemble caterpillars but are taxonomically very different.
Sawflies often feed on the undersides of leaves, so inspect all leaf surfaces.
Many sawflies feed on conifers.
Most sawflies are somewhat host-specific.
Some sawflies similarly roll the leaves of their food plants into tubes.
A sawmill is a power tool
Sawmills accumulate scrap material such as slabs, trim, and edging in their millyards.
Sawmills are an input in the production of lumber.
Sawmills are dangerous places to work, even for adults.
Sawmills are mills.
Sawmills deliver rough lumber of varying lengths.
Sawmills exist today, but they are fewer.
Sawmills Following are sawmills in Iowa organized alphabetically by county.
Sawmills inspect lumber and stamp it before it hits each lumberyard.
All sawmills are welcome to add a listing at any time.
Most sawmills produce primarily structural lumber products.
Sawteeth have a large influence on the alpha distribution.
Sawtooth feature Adds optional hysteresis sawtooth before DC ramp.
Sawtooth hanger is included.
Sawtooth Lake is in a forested basin between Sawtooth Mountain.
Sawtooth oak exhibits a pyramidal form in youth and is easily pruned.
Sawtooth oak is a native of Asia and planted for wildlife food and as an ornamental.
Sawtooth oak is adaptable to a wide range of sites, however, it prefers acid, well-drained soils.
Sawtooth oak seems to be a favorite food tree.
Sawtooth precursors characterize the core plasma velocity.
Sawtooth waveform plays one octave lower than repeated attack or decay.
A sawtooth is a serration
Sawtooths bump and grind.
Sawyer County has minimum floor area requirements for habitable structures.
Sawyer County has the second largest number of second homes in the State of Wisconsin.
Sawyer County Welcome to Sawyer County.
A sawyer is a beetle
Sawyer carries it off with wit and imagination.
Sawyer claims to have an idea.
Sawyer concurs, stating that most lawsuits result from lack of proper supervision.
Sawyer foresees a new generation of highly advanced robots down the road.
Sawyer imagines both the poignant and the darkly humorous sides to knowing one's own future.
Sawyer is deft at creating interesting and believable characters.
Sawyer is just a delight.
Sawyer is uncomfortable to study in.
Sawyer is unconscious on the beach.
Sawyer isa workman.
Sawyer leaves the Island.
Sawyer loves to read and used to smoke at the start of the series.
Sawyer manipulates an intricate plot brilliantly.
Sawyer meets a strange girl in the park.
Sawyer offers students a great view of campus and modern living facilities.
Sawyer points to the wooden patterns, and mentions that they are also used in the piece.
Sawyer predicts that the corporeal lifespan of a technological race is very short.
Sawyer ranks as one of the highest paid newswomen in television history.
Sawyer returns about every three months to have the implant adjusted.
Sawyer rises to the challenge and bonds with the other survivors.
Sawyer teaches courses in human sexuality, adolescent health, and school health.
Sawyer teaches English at the college.
Sawyer tries to finance their life by boxing but is taken into a put up job.
Sawyers are laborers.
Sawyers has special internet pricing for all parts and accessories for our cars.
Sawyers have (part) arms.
Sawyers have (part) body substances.
Sawyers have (part) cell membranes.
Sawyers have (part) cells.
Sawyers have (part) corpi.
Sawyers have (part) cytoplasm.
Sawyers have (part) heads.
Sawyers have (part) human bodies.
Sawyers have (part) legs.
Sawyers have (part) material bodies.
Sawyers have (part) necks.
Sawyers have (part) nuclei.
Sawyers have (part) personality.
Sawyers have (part) plasma membranes.
Sawyers have (part) sections.
Sawyers have (part) vacuoles.
Sawyers run saws that cut logs into planks, boards, and timbers of various thicknesses.
Sawyers use skills.
Most sawyers use skills.
Some sawyers arrive at huts.
Some sawyers choose options.
Some sawyers choose third options.
Some sawyers contribute to death.
Some sawyers find diamonds.
Some sawyers grab guns.
Some sawyers lead waves.
Some sawyers make decisions.
Some sawyers pick up children.
Some sawyers pull guns.
Some sawyers return to camps.
Some sawyers suggest advice.
Some sawyers take charge.
Some sawyers turn attention.
Some sawyers visit bars.
Sax manufacturers supply neck plugs in the same finish as the sax.
Sax players are a breed apart.
A sax is a reed
Saxes come in alto, soprano, baritone, bass baritone, and the ever popular tenor.
Saxaphone player seeks any type of musician work with any style of music.
A saxifrage is a herb
Saxifrage are an example.
Saxifrage enjoys a position in full sun or semi shade.
Saxifrage isa herb.
Saxifrages are an enormous group of plants most often grown in rock gardens.
Saxifrages do fine over here.
Saxifrages grow in areas.
Saxifrages grow in environments.
Saxifrages have (part) cell membranes.
Saxifrages have (part) cells.
Saxifrages have (part) corpi.
Saxifrages have (part) cytoplasm.
Saxifrages have (part) nuclei.
Saxifrages have (part) plasma membranes.
Saxifrages have (part) sections.
Saxifrages have (part) vacuoles.
Saxifrages have (part) vegetables.
Most saxifrages grow in areas.
Most saxifrages grow in environments.
Some saxifrages grow from roots.
Some saxifrages grow from tap roots.
Some saxifrages grow in cold mountain streams.
Some saxifrages grow in mountain streams.
Some saxifrages grow in streams.
Some saxifrages grow on heaths.
Some saxifrages grow on walls.
Some saxifrages have carbohydrates.
Saxon students do both with ease and confidence.
Saxon tradition ascribes the invention of the runes to Woden .
Saxon tubers are bright and have very pale cream coloured flesh.
Saxon women saints.
Saxony carpet presents a smooth, luxurious surface and is generally for formal settings.
Saxony texture is similar to plush, but each yarn has a set twist which minimizes yarn flaring.
Saxophone players can vary.
Saxophone players use circular breathing to play the instrument.
Saxophone quartets compete at various competitions in the year throughout the state and country.
A saxophone is a reed
Saxophone plays in the house.
Saxophone rhymes with trombone and telephone, in a funny sort of way.
Saxophone works particularly well known.
Saxophones are instruments.
Saxophones are located in bands.
Saxophones are located in cases.
Saxophones are located in music stores.
Saxophones are located in orchestras.
Saxophones are located in rooms.
Saxophones are musical instruments.
Saxophones are still around today.
Saxophones are tools.
Saxophones are used for bands.
Saxophones are used for blowing.
Saxophones are used for fun.
Saxophones are used for jazz.
Saxophones are used for musicians.
Saxophones are woodwinds.
Saxophones blow over a pulsing backdrop, while gently persuasive drumbeats patter.
Saxophones come in various sizes and ranges.
Saxophones have many guards that protect the keys from damage.
Saxophones swirl in friendly competition with everyone else musically cheering the players on.
Saxophone always helps.
All saxophones utilize a single-reed mouthpiece similar to that of a clarinet.
Some saxophones are silver plated.
A saxophonist is a musician
Saxophonists are musicians.
Saxophonists sleep with their instruments, forget to shower, and are mangy.
Saxophonists think they are the most important players on stage.
All saxophonists are welcome to apply.
Says are opportunity.
A saying is a speech
Sayings are activities.
Sayings are generalized .
Sayings are generalized.
Sayings are speechs.
Sayings is a hot subject for now.
Sayings pertaining to forecasts for coming seasons are entirely without foundation.
All sayings print on a full sheet.
Some sayings advise concerning one's mental health and relationships with others.
Some sayings make sense.
Sazi soils are on mesas, structural benches, and cuestas.
SBCP programs involve parents as members of school site councils.
SBDM elections are in the Spring.
SBDM policies are available upon request.
SBDM training is delivered in two three-day sessions during the school year.
SBlive platinum is a good choice to start with.
Sbterranean obstructions are avoided or, in some cases, the nest is abandoned.
A scab is a worker
Scabs are a fungal disease that cause fruits, leaves, and roots to obtain hardened tissue.
Scabs are more likely to be caused by too much protein in the diet, allergy, or skin infection.
Scabs are necrotic tissue.
Scabs are part of skin.
Scabs are the body's way of bandaging itself.
Scabs are the result of unemployment.
Scabs are unsightly, but are only skin deep.
Scabs are usually crusty and dark red or brown.
Scabs are workers.
Scabs continually form over the ulcer and then come off, but the ulcer never really heals.
Scabs continue, as does life.
Scabs remain infectious for long periods, and each new lot of lambs can be infected.
Scabs take the opportunity, even the bosses alone give up strikebreaking as fast as they can.
Some scab is reported, but overall quality is good.
A scabbard is a sheath
Scabbards are aluminum with a lacquered finish and colored cord wrap.
Scabbards are available in natural, brown or black, please specify when ordering.
Scabbards are deep gloss lacquer or crackle finished in attractive color combinations.
Scabbards are sheaths.
Scabby grain can present major problems in marketing, storage, and utilization.
Scabby grain can present particular problems in marketing, storage and utilization.
Scabby wheat can have mycotoxins which are damaging to livestock.
A scabiosa is a flower
Scabiosa produces flowers of several colors.
SCAD students tend to be in full bloom around here, too.
A scad is a bony fish
Scads emerge during bear markets and corrections, with many breaking out as the market turns higher.
Scaffold is also too tall to be unsecured.
Scaffold isa platform.
Scaffolds appear to be uncomplicated and easy to erect.
Scaffolds appear to many to be unsophisticated and easily erected work platforms.
Scaffolds are arrangements.
Scaffolds are bands.
Scaffolds are common sight.
Scaffolds are part of scaffolding.
Scaffolds are platforms.
Scaffolds have (part) sections.
Scaffolds have gaps.
Scaffolds have shapes.
Scaffolds help to guide the learning process.
Scaffolds perform functions.
Scaffolds perform vital functions.
Scaffolds Provide ladders to get on and off scaffolds.
Scaffolds provide supporting structures and guides for organ regeneration.
Most scaffolds have gaps.
Most scaffolds have shapes.
Most scaffolds perform vital functions.
Scaffolded lessons provide examples of quality work.
A scaffolding is a system
Scaffolding aims to help children make the bridge from being users to being authors.
Scaffolding are systems.
Scaffolding connects the stage and the auditorium.
Scaffolding covers the north and south side where the brick is being cleaned.
Scaffolding goes up along the east wall in preparation for completing the exterior brick facade.
Scaffolding goes up for the massive press box at the new stadium.
Scaffolding happens when a teacher is helping a child .
Scaffolding happens when a teacher is helping a child.
Scaffolding has to be tailored to the child's individual needs.
Scaffolding includes clear steps, resources, and tools for organizing information.
Scaffolding is a familiar concept in early childhood.
Scaffolding is always involved.
Scaffolding is an absolute necessity, in view of the height of the tower.
Scaffolding is another strategy used with our students.
Scaffolding is assembled along the east wall.
Scaffolding is done using a simple diagram making explicit to the students the design process.
Scaffolding is facilitated to help students perform just beyond the limits of their ability.
Scaffolding is intended to increase the precision of retrieved items.
Scaffolding is interactive.
Scaffolding is necessary in a building.
Scaffolding is only acceptable in an abstract.
Scaffolding is provided upon student request.
Scaffolding is put into place to begin construction of the roof.
Scaffolding is studied by many researchers.
Scaffolding is temporary.
Scaffolding is the answer.
Scaffolding is the closest portable thing available to simulate a bridge or building.
Scaffolding is therefore an important characteristic of constructivist learning and teaching.
Scaffolding is tied to building facades, rather than being self supported from the ground.
Scaffolding is used to add second-stories, but no machinery.
Scaffolding needs to be strong, functional, and economical.
Scaffolding provides access for the assembly. . . . . . . . . . .
Scaffolding provides just enough support to move a child forward in learning a new skill.
Scaffolding reaches up to the clerestory level.
Scaffolding shows the battle to conserve it is under way.
Scaffolding stretches down both sides of the building as a protective measure.
Scaffolding surrounds one of the stone fireplaces and new rockwork is almost complete.
Scaffolding surrounds the property as stucco is applied.
Scalability allows every user to get the best experience based on what technologies they use.
Scalability allows worlds of arbitrary size to be created.
Scalability also ensures that operating costs remain low, even as auction volume grows quickly.
Scalability also involves administrative demands.
Scalability also makes field-installable upgrades fast and economical.
Scalability becomes a complex issue when any changes are made to the matrix.
Scalability becomes endless as system resources grow organically.
Scalability becomes the outsourcing supplier's challenge.
Scalability can help a Web store serving thousands of customers eventually cater to millions.
Scalability characterizes the ability of a system to grow to meet demand.
Scalability constitutes a real challenge for software process tools.
Scalability demands compromises from users.
Scalability depends on the hardware and having cluster-aware applications.
Scalability easily increase bandwidth with a fiber connection.
Scalability enhancements other work items timescales and versions.
Scalability ensuring applications can scale smoothly to meet the demands of increased user traffic.
Scalability goes to hell and back.
Scalability Handles up to five media drive bays for scaling the system to any size needed.
Scalability improves the capability to increase functionality loads over time.
Scalability is a big challenge, and is often a missing piece in most home-grown solutions.
Scalability is a big issue when having Web-based work outsourced.
Scalability is a bitch.
Scalability is a frequently-claimed attribute of parallel systems.
Scalability is a good example.
Scalability is a major benefit.
Scalability is a particular concern.
Scalability is a primary concern throughout.
Scalability is a real question.
Scalability is accomplished with the use of conditional compilation.
Scalability is achieved by encompassing capacity, manageability, and cost-effectiveness.
Scalability is achieved by transparently adding or removing a node in the cluster.
Scalability is all about reliability and performance.
Scalability is almost free.
Scalability is also a concern.
Scalability is also a function of how efficiently the client uses the database server.
Scalability is also a key concern, given the company's dramatic growth.
Scalability is also an issue in terms of setup and management of accounts.
Scalability is also critical for other properties of high confidence such as performance.
Scalability is also crucial.
Scalability is also difficult when trying to hold onto information for a large number of users.
Scalability is also easy.
Scalability is also important as they grow.
Scalability is also in question.
Scalability is also key.
Scalability is also very important for commercial customers.
Scalability is always a priority for organizations of all sizes.
Scalability is an important factor when designing web applications.
Scalability is an important goal of parallel processing.
Scalability is an important issue, particularly for large or multifacility organizations.
Scalability is an important issue.
Scalability is an issue that needs to be considered.
Scalability is analyzed with respect to mesh, hypercube and shared-memory architectures.
Scalability is another advantage.
Scalability is another big issue in large environments.
Scalability is another big issue.
Scalability is another important factor.
Scalability is another important requirement.
Scalability is another strong point.
Scalability is arguably the paramount issue.
Scalability is available through editions in order to meet user needs and budget.
Scalability is built into all the tools.
Scalability is certainly key.
Scalability is critical for e-business applications.
Scalability is critical to the success of any start-up.
Scalability is critical.
Scalability is crucial to the success of our online auction business.
Scalability is definitely a fundamental design goal for both frameworks.
Scalability is difficult to judge.
Scalability is especially important to such large customers.
Scalability is essential for any company looking to grow a successful telework program.
Scalability is growth without additional complexity.
Scalability is handled by distributing servers and replicating their databases.
Scalability is important.
Scalability is impossible.
Scalability is key to server performance and is a big part of the appeal of multiprocessor systems.
Scalability is key.
Scalability is less than linear for all cases.
Scalability is limited by an inherent serial component and inherent load imbalance.
Scalability is limited by bus bandwidth and latency, and by available memory.
Scalability is linked to the architecture of the infrastructure itself.
Scalability is measured in terms of both the number of processing elements and the data size.
Scalability is more important to Internet-related businesses.
Scalability is more than just fast searching.
Scalability is particularly important for systems with more than a dozen processors.
Scalability is particularly important.
Scalability is probably the most important factor when selecting a hub.
Scalability is provided by utilizing multiple rackmount channel servers.
Scalability is quality
Scalability is reached by moving most of the complexity to the edge of the network.
Scalability is realized in a group-wise fashion.
Scalability is reasonable.
Scalability is so important because of server cost.
Scalability is still issue number one.
Scalability is strong.
Scalability is taken for granted.
Scalability is terrific, because it's easy to add processors or servers as demand grows.
Scalability is terrific, because it's easy to add processors or servers to as demand grows.
Scalability is the ability to handle the new material constantly appearing on the Internet.
Scalability is the big issue.
Scalability is the biggest problem there.
Scalability is the first issue to consider.
Scalability is the goal.
Scalability is the key to the value and power of vectors.
Scalability is the only capacity-related reason that is usually mentioned.
Scalability is the only way to meet ever-changing market demands.
Scalability is the result of explicit meta-adapation when boundaries of applicability are crossed.
Scalability is the tough part.
Scalability is therefore essential.
Scalability is unlimited, due to the distributed, multi-server design.
Scalability is very difficult to estimate.
Scalability is virtually limitless.
Scalability means more than increasing device performance and link bandwidth.
Scalability means that there is ample ammunition in the spawn rooms.
Scalability obviously means that the structure is able to grow.
Scalability only refers to linear scaling.
Scalability protects investment and facilitates growth.
Scalability puts the benefits of patient location within the budget of just about any care unit.
Scalability refers to how speedup changes as the problem size and number of processors increases.
Scalability refers to the capacity to start small and then grow big without starting over.
Scalability refers to the increase in the complexity of communication as more nodes are added.
Scalability refers to the way a system expands to serve more customers.
Scalability remains the toughest design and performance issue in e-business.
Scalability specifies how a metric varies with load.
Scalability Supports hundreds of concurrent meetings with thousands of participants.
Scalability then becomes an issue.
Scalable algorithms can run on a range of different numbers of processors.
Scalable algorithms enable the application scientist to both pose and answer new questions.
Scalable architecture can accommodate any number of users and unlimited transactions.
Scalable architecture incorporates data integration and aggregation.
Scalable architecture supports data conferences with hundreds of participants.
Scalable clusters require significant expertise for their configuration and operation.
Scalable content is an important concept when developing interactive media today.
Scalable design increases capabilities as requirements change, eliminating obsolescence.
Scalable design makes it an ideal choice for ISPs who want to offer stats to their many customers.
Scalable design maximizes port density and enables full system functionality.
Scalable fonts are always outline fonts .
Scalable graphics adjust to the available screen resolution.
Scalable navigation is the key to such dynamic modeling.
Scalable platforms provide investment assurance.
Scalable solutions ideal for enterprises with ten to thousands of locations.
Scalable teams make sure that no job is too large or too small.
Scalable types can grow and scale without modification to future architectures.
Scalar coupling is used to transfer magnetization between all combinations of spins.
Scalar coupling leads to a transfer of magnetization between nuclei.
Scalar data are singular data quantities that are dependent only upon time and position.
Scalar detection occurs in a non-linear transistor amplifier.
Scalar functions operate against a single value and return a single value based on the input value.
All scalar items are integers, unless specified otherwise.
Scalar multiplication is both associative and commutative.
Scalar multiplication is easier.
Scalar multiplication is easy.
Scalar physics is the science of reality's hidden understructure.
Scalar physics is the science of the future, a science that opens the doors to powers profound.
A scalar product is real
Scalar products have many statistical applications.
Scalar quantities consist of only a magnitude.
Scalar quantities have only a magnitude.
Scalar ratings are an imprecise and incomplete way of conveying the feelings of a reviewer.
Scalar transport is important to littoral warfare in several respects.
Scalar types comprise enumeration types, integer types, and real types.
Scalar types consist of all of the above.
Scalar values are easy to read.
Any scalar value coerces to a single-item list, except for records and binary types.
Scalar variables can hold one number or one string each.
Some scalar variables contain more than one type of scalar data.
A scalar is a variable
Scalars are components of a force and nothing more.
Scalars are data that have discrete values.
Scalars are in fact zero rank tensors.
Scalars are numerical quantities that can be described with a single number.
Scalars are quantities having size only.
Scalars are single things.
Scalars are variables.
Scalars begin with a dollar sign and then the variable name.
Scalars can contain all types of data.
Scalars can contain strings, numbers, or references.
Scalars can have units, and perhaps an algebraic sign, but no direction.
Scalars have magnitude but no direction, such as time, mass, and temperature.
Scalars Now let's make the above program a bit more complex by introducing a scalar.
Scalars remain unchanged.
Scalars typically provide a single value per point.
Scald severity is influenced by variety, season, cultural practices, and postharvest treatments.
A scald is a burn
Scalds are burns caused by contact with hot liquids or steam.
Scalds are burns.
Scalds are common, and spilt hot drinks cause most injuries.
Scalds quickly cause the skin and tissue underneath to swell.
Scalds result from contact with moist heat.
Scalds tend to be more frequent than burns.
Most scalds occur when a child is left unsupervised.
Scalded cats fear even cold water.
Scalded milk is milk
Scalded milk is used in some baking recipes.
Scalded milk leaves a film on the pan that can be felt when stirring with a wooden spoon.
Most scalded plants die during a few days or weeks.
Scale anomalies imply violation of the averaged null energy condition.
Scale armor is also an option.
Scale armour is perhaps the oldest type of metal body armour.
Scale bar indicates number of base substitutions per site.
Scale bar indicates substitutions per site.
Scale bar indicates the number of nucleotide base changes.
Scale bar is approx.
Scale bar is approximately xxx.
Scale bar is in centimetres.
Scale bar is in cm.
Scale bars appear on illustrations, photographs, and maps.
Scale bars are in micrometers.
Scale bars have an associated text or graphic box that shows the currently selected value.
Scale Degrees Learn a note's position within a major or minor scale or key.
Scale drawing is a lesson that allows students to increase or decrease the size of any image.
Scale drawing is a technique which is used to increase a student's ability to draw with confidence.
Scale drawings can go on the same paper.
Scale drawings show shapes and compare locations of things very different in size.
Scale drawings show the size of each animal in relationship to a human adult.
Scale economies make it efficient for firms to grow large.
Scale effects are an important topic in all spatial analyses.
Scale effects are important.
A scale factor is a number
Scale factor is a ratio of actual and principal scales.
Scale factors are also very small.
Scale factors are different depending on the subject and intended use.
Scale factors are multipliers.
Scale farms provide food.
Scale farms see growth.
Scale farms see significant growth.
Scale field experiments involve instruments.
A scale insect is an insect
Scale insects are a major pest of lady palms.
Scale insects are a particular problem with weeping figs.
Scale insects are among the most difficult to control.
Scale insects are among the most unusual insects known.
Scale insects are common in tropical and subtropical regions.
Scale insects are difficult to control.
Scale insects are easier to spot before trees and ornamentals leaf out.
Scale insects are especially insidious.
Scale insects are hard to control.
Scale insects are highly specialized organisms that come in many shapes, sizes and forms.
Scale insects are insects.
Scale insects are much more common on Euonymus plants than aphids.
Scale insects are often difficult to control.
Scale insects are oval bugs up to four millimetres in diameter that tend to resemble a fungus.
Scale insects are particulary good at hiding.
Scale insects are small, soft-bodied pests that attach themselves to plant leaves and stems.
Scale insects are the most serious pest of ferns.
Scale insects are very common on Euonymus varieties and some varieties of Magnolias.
Scale insects attach their mouthparts permanently to plants and suck their juices.
Scale insects can also be a problem if populations build up too extensively.
Scale insects can damage if populations build up too extensively.
Scale insects cling closely to the stem of the plant and are often difficult to see.
Scale insects come in a large variety of colors and sizes.
Scale insects come in two types, armored scales and soft scales.
Scale insects constitute a very large group of unusual plant feeding insects.
Scale insects feed by sucking sap from trees and shrubs through piercing-sucking mouth parts.
Scale insects feed on hollies.
Scale insects feed on plant juices, and in severe cases, cause reduced plant vigor.
Scale insects feed on plants by piercing plant tissue and sucking sap.
Scale insects form a brown or black crust on leaves and stems.
Scale insects have a simple life.
Scale insects have a tan to brown shell-like covering or scale that protects the insect's body.
Scale insects have life.
Scale insects have many forms.
Scale insects have piercing and sucking mouthparts.
Scale insects have simple life.
Scale insects have thread-like mouthparts that are inserted into the bark.
Scale insects have wings.
Scale insects infest the stems and branches.
Scale insects look like tiny beige bumps or turtles without legs.
Scale insects present another special problem.
Scale insects resemble tiny turtle shells.
Scale insects suck plant juices.
Scale insects suck sap from the plant, resulting in retarded growth and even defoliation.
Scale insects weaken a coffee plant.
Scale insects weaken trees and that in turn causes susceptibility of canker.
Most scale insects are small and inconspicuous.
Most scale insects feed on hollies.
Most scale insects have life.
Most scale insects have simple life.
Most scale insects have wings.
Some scale insects cause damage.
Some scale insects kill trees.
Some scale insects require treating the truck and branches in addition to the foliage.
Scale invariance occurs in abundance there.
Scale invariance offers a way to do that.
Scale limits vary, due to wavelength-dependent detector response.
Scale models add realism.
Scale models allow students to make a connection between physical objects and mathematical concepts.
Scale models are helpful to comprehend the distance to the moon, sun, planets and stars.
Scale models are impossible, as the size changes, so do the angles.
Scale models are made or collected for many reasons .
Scale models are made or collected for many reasons.
Scale models are models.
Scale models are more expensive than diagrams but have the advantage of depth.
Scale models are used by many fields for many different purposes.
Scale models can be as simple or intricate as desired.
Scale models can have any level of detail desired.
Scale models help students understand relative sizes and distances of solar system objects.
Scale models provide an opportunity to put meaning to astronomical numbers.
Scale models represent real objects, events, and processes.
Scale models show the many aircraft built in the city.
Scale operations have effects.
Scale sizes vary greatly between species.
Scale tests give results.
Scale trials confirm effects.
Scale wind turbines convert energy.
Scale wind turbines convert wind energy.
A scale is a standard
Scale adjusts the minimum values of the x and y axis to the minimum points of a selected curve.
Scale affects our behavior and our ability to act competently.
Scale affects price a lot.
Scale also is increasingly important, given the rapid growth many dotcoms face.
Scale appears as blister-like areas on stems and the undersides of leaves.
Scale applies to bones in foreground only.
Scale are common on maple, ash and oak.
Scale are harder to find on a plant.
Scale are usually light brown or tan.
Scale builds up over a longer period of time and also contributes to boiler inefficiency.
Scale can also mean the size of an area being studied.
Scale can also occur and is more difficult to control.
Scale can be a breeding ground for microorganisms.
Scale can be a problem.
Scale can be from model size to monumental.
Scale can be problematic and a variety of minor insect and diseases can affect the plant.
Scale can be white, black, or brown.
Scale can build up in cell cup of instrument.
Scale can cause the heater to be less efficient in transfer of heat from it to the water.
Scale can look more like a disease than an insect.
Scale can weaken a plant, causing yellowing or stunted growth, and eventually death.
Scale causes a slow progressive killing of twigs and stems.
Scale Come get some, etc.
Scale come in a variety of sizes, shapes and colors.
Scale comes as a market matures, through clustering and system consolidation.
Scale comes with storage lid for freshness.
Scale contains the default scale for new spreadsheet documents.
Scale continues to be a technical as well as esthetic concern.
Scale controls the amount of detail and the extent of area that can be shown.
Scale controls the x and y scale factor.
Scale Create a new element by scaling a previously defined element in the x, y, and z directions.
Scale Create a new node by scaling a previously defined node in the x, y, and z directions.
Scale Creates a numeric scale.
Scale defines the dimensions of the measurement frames used in a sampling protocol.
Scale Do is all about the Scientific direction of force and being flexible in the face of danger.
Scale fits inside bowl for space saving storage.
Scale give three types of scale and examples.
Scale has implications for the interpretation and meaning of maps.
Scale has millimeter gradations.
Scale has nothing to do with it.
Scale has to be taken into account when assessing land-use impacts on water resources.
Scale increases away from the center of the projection.
Scale indicates the current scale factor of the tangent at the manipulation point at any time.
Scale insects Red scale and soft brown scale can be a minor problem.
Scale insects Scale insects are sap suckers like aphids.
Scale involves a change in dimensions.
Scale is a bit off, as in most rts games, but it is a small gripe.
Scale is a classical, solid, static concept.
Scale is a fraction of map to real distance.
Scale is a helicopter.
Scale is a major concern for citrus growers.
Scale is a matter of getting more of the system into view at one time.
Scale is a matter of hiding things in order to cover more material.
Scale is a meter stick.
Scale is a multiple of revenue.
Scale is a particular problem for tetramicras as it is for many other orchids in the cattleya group.
Scale is a problem with many houseplants.
Scale is a quick way to eliminate many data sets from a query.
Scale is a remarkably useful and powerful way to organise information and experience.
Scale is a sign of a sublime work.
Scale is a sucking insect and can be easily distinquished from cold damage.
Scale is a tiny bug with a waxy outer covering.
Scale is a tricky pest to identify and can be difficult to eradicate.
Scale is adjusted automatically for every night.
Scale is all the same since everything is atoms.
Scale is almost always important to a collector, unless the dollhouse is for a young child.
Scale is also a function of movement.
Scale is also very important in models.
Scale is altered.
Scale is an essential factor which gives the user ease and sense of layout and positioning.
Scale is an important factor in data usage.
Scale is an important issue in the Internet space.
Scale is an important part of understanding and working with natural resources.
Scale is an issue.
Scale is an remarkably useful way to organize information and experience.
Scale is another challenge.
Scale is another culprit of compromised nutrition.
Scale is another factor that needs to be considered.
Scale is another important aspect of geographic information.
Scale is another important consideration.
Scale is appropriate for task.
Scale is approximate.
Scale is as aspect of size, numbers, and even time.
Scale is as shown.
Scale is clearly a fundamental component of any metadata report.
Scale is constant along all straight lines radiating from a particular geographic location.
Scale is constant along any given parallel, but changes from parallel to parallel.
Scale is constant along any parallel in the direction of the parallel.
Scale is covereed well on p. vii of the atlas.
Scale is critical to delivering both mail and parcels.
Scale is defined as a system or series of marks used for measuring or registering.
Scale is different now.
Scale is displayed in the right margin.
Scale is everything in the global auto business.
Scale is for courses lasting the full semester.
Scale is given by the two figures at lower right.
Scale is given in all cases.
Scale is given in feet to the inch.
Scale is greatly exaggerated.
Scale is how big the print is.
Scale is immense.
Scale is important here.
Scale is important in the use of pattern.
Scale is important.
Scale is in centimeters .
Scale is in centimeters.
Scale is in cm.
Scale is in inches.
Scale is in kb.
Scale is in microns.
Scale is in millimeters.
Scale is in pixels per unit.
Scale is inaccurate.
Scale is incredibly important.
Scale is indeed one fo the issues.
Scale is king.
Scale is logarithmic to clearly display shallow levels.
Scale is logarithmic.
Scale is manipulated by altering the distance between the figure of the woman and the picture plane.
Scale is million years.
Scale is mounted and displays as shown.
Scale is much better now.
Scale is negotiable.
Scale is no trouble either.
Scale is number two.
Scale is obviously relative, a matter of degree.
Scale is on the leaf and can be scratched off.
Scale is one mile per hex, units are company and battalion level.
Scale is one of the most important aspects of outsourcing and the easiest to understand.
Scale is only good for regional analysis.
Scale is our best indicator of resolution.
Scale is perfromed with one or more incorrect notes.
Scale is present in and on the nipple water feeders.
Scale is provided by the two climbers in the centre of the image.
Scale is recessed into the floor.
Scale is reduced between the two parallels.
Scale is relative to the current element size.
Scale is represented in two different ways on a topographical map.
Scale is set to a lower value.
Scale is similar to proportion, but is measured against a standard reference.
Scale is six inches.
Scale is something that is manageable and that has efficiencies built into it.
Scale is sometimes a problem.
Scale is still important.
Scale is the arrangement of tones within an octave.
Scale is the clue.
Scale is the element that most affects the layout of a graph.
Scale is the extent of reduction, expressed as a ratio, to represent the Earth's surface on a map.
Scale is the great boundary maker in geography.
Scale is the important issue.
Scale is the most important factor because, as the scale changes, so does the resolution.
Scale is the most important factor when selecting plants.
Scale is the proportional reduction from full size to model.
Scale is the ratio between model size and full size.
Scale is the ratio of distance on a map to corresponding values on earth.
Scale is the reduction needed to display a representation of the Earth's surface on a map.
Scale is the relationship between a distance portrayed on a map and the same distance on the Earth.
Scale is the relationship between distances on the map and distances in the 'real world'.
Scale is the same.
Scale is the size relationships of the shapes, objects, text or images in a design.
Scale is the term used to describe the size of a miniature item.
Scale is too great.
Scale is true along central meridian, and along lines perpendicular to central meridian.
Scale is true along each parallel and along the central meridian.
Scale is true along the central meridian and along all parallels.
Scale is true along the ground track.
Scale is true along the standard parallels, which are to the north and south of Oklahoma.
Scale is true along two standard parallels, normally, or along just one.
Scale is true at the equator or at two standard parallels equidistant from the equator.
Scale is true only along standard parallels.
Scale is true only at the center but in all directions.
Scale is true only on the central meridian and the parallels.
Scale is true only where the central parallel and meridian cross.
Scale is unconventional and has little significance by normal usage.
Scale is visible in tract mode.
Scale is what the art of architecture is about.
Scale isa covering.
Scale isa device.
Scale isa measuring device.
Scale leads to diversity.
Scale literally sucks the juice out of the host plant, including apples and stone fruit.
Scale makes a difference.
Scale makes much more sense.
Scale means that the planets have the right size relative to each other.
Scale means the level of generalization.
Scale means to climb up something or to remove in thin layers.
Scale obviously is key.
Scale plays a large role in the methods used.
Scale plays an important role in entropy.
Scale protects the real value of salaries from inflation.
Scale provides marketing benefits.
Scale provides the opportunity to create museum-quality, realistic models in realistic settings.
Scale refers to both space and time.
Scale refers to extension in time and space.
Scale refers to quantity, both relative and absolute.
Scale refers to the range of sizes over which a landscape pattern is detectable.
Scale refers to the relationship of distance on photographs or maps to the actual ground distance.
Scale refers to what a given distance on the map represents on the ground.
Scale represents average number of individuals detected per route per year.
Scale represents average number of individuals gtected per route per year.
Scale represents the ratio of a distance on the map to the actual distance on the ground.
Scale sets the enlargement of the volume.
Scale Sets the upper and lower limits for the graph and the number of X axis data points to skip.
Scale shows centimeters and inches.
Scale shows the size relationship of two things or parts.
Scale tend to dislike sun, so pruning to open crown can help some.
Scale tests Many types of scales or scoring systems are used for preference evaluations.
Scale then varies from point to point.
Scale used for the tooth photos is a standard engineer's rule in inches.
Scale used is somewhat proportionate.
Scale varies from place to place on every map.
Scale varies over the map depending on the map projection used.
Scale varies owing to perspective view.
Scale varies with each school, college, or campus.
Scale varies with topography and contour interval.
Scales affect evergreens, fruit trees, shade trees, and many ornamentals.
Scales allows to modify the vertical scale of the membrane potential representation.
Scales also allow snakes to move.
Scales also can be beneficial.
Scales also feed on trunks and stems of plants.
Scales also have a little raised ridge section in the center of each.
Scales appear as cell turnover increases.
Scales appear as flat, thin over-lapping structures.
Scales appear to stand on end, and fish looks bloated.
Scales are a kind of shelter for the seed.
Scales are a lot harder to do than fur, it turns out.
Scales are a neccesity when flying birds of prey.
Scales are a serious problem to our ornamentals.
Scales are a type of work.
Scales are about the only possible pests.
Scales are absent from large areas of the wings.
Scales are absent.
Scales are all different.
Scales are also on premises to weigh that mule trout or redfish and hopefully make the recordbooks.
Scales are always updated to make room for all the values in a set.
Scales are an attribute of justice personified.
Scales are an occasional problem on maples.
Scales are another basic piece of equipment for handling outgoing mail.
Scales are approximate.
Scales are bits.
Scales are bright and shiny in a healthy dragon, but dull and bleak if a dragon is ill.
Scales are bright and shiny in a healthy dragon, but dull and muted if a dragon is ill.
Scales are close and act well as armor.
Scales are covering.
Scales are cycloid and weakly ctenoid.
Scales are diamond-shaped and frequently give impression of being arranged in diagonal rows.
Scales are different depending on their function.
Scales are easy to sample and can be impressed in plastic for long-term storage.
Scales are fine and adherent.
Scales are flat plates of epidermal tissue one cell thick and several to many cells wide.
Scales are for fish.
Scales are for measuring the weight of foods such as fruits, breads, backed goods, and meats.
Scales are found on the margins, while rhizoids are present in the mid-rib region of thallus.
Scales are found princi- of hair.
Scales are from photographs.
Scales are fundamental to conveying information in a graph.
Scales are hexagonal and usually longer than wide.
Scales are hierarchical , with each tone having a certain rank in the overall pecking order.
Scales are important for a number of reasons.
Scales are indicative of the weighing of justice for the judgment of the dead.
Scales are indicators.
Scales are instruments.
Scales are keeled and often spiny.
Scales are keeled.
Scales are large, thick, and over most of the body, including the flexures.
Scales are layered in rows on the fish's body, much like shingles on a roof.
Scales are leafs.
Scales are lithograph printed on aluminum and epoxy coated.
Scales are located in bathrooms.
Scales are located in butcher shops.
Scales are located in cabinets.
Scales are located in delis.
Scales are located in doctors.
Scales are located in fish.
Scales are located in labs.
Scales are located in music stores.
Scales are located in post offices.
Scales are located in reptiles.
Scales are machines.
Scales are made of keratin.
Scales are merely folds in the epidermis, while feathers and hairs develop from follicles.
Scales are more oval in shape than other species, and scutes are relatively small.
Scales are most common on vigorously growing trees.
Scales are musical notation.
Scales are one of the ways in which cultures differ quite strongly from one another.
Scales are plate-like in rows and are usually smooth and shiny.
Scales are present in the skin.
Scales are present on bases of dorsal, anal and caudal fins.
Scales are proportion.
Scales are pubescent only at tips.
Scales are relative.
Scales are relatively large with irregular polygons.
Scales are shiny orange to brown, often with a conspicuous green midrib.
Scales are shiny, overlapping, and contain small plates of bone.
Scales are simply tools, like the brush and paint of the artist.
Scales are small and difficult to see.
Scales are smooth and glossy.
Scales are smooth and shiny with a slaty, beige or rosy color.
Scales are smooth and the lateral line is almost straight.
Scales are smooth.
Scales are solid objects.
Scales are some of the most important insect pests affecting conifer trees and shrubs in Colorado.
Scales are standards.
Scales are the foundation of all technique.
Scales are to be licensed prior to use.
Scales are to be played from memory in any order.
Scales are unusual insects in appearance.
Scales are used for balancing.
Scales are used for fish.
Scales are used for measures.
Scales are used for rankings.
Scales are used for some species.
Scales are used to measure.
Scales are usually brown, hard shells attached to the stems or undersides of the leaves.
Scales are usually hard-bodied insects without visible legs or means of movement.
Scales are yellow to brown at maturity.
Scales attack the leaves of pineapple plants, which weakens the plant.
Scales bear a milky iridescent sheen which has given rise to common and scientific names.
Scales become sexually mature and mate in the spring.
Scales can also leave a honeydew residue.
Scales can be expensive, but they are essential for the successful falconer.
Scales can be horizontal or vertical, depending on the patient's preference.
Scales can be in English or metric units.
Scales can be numeric, date, or character, and numeric scales can be set to log or linear.
Scales can be white, red, brown or black.
Scales can build up to large numbers before being detected.
Scales can vary in thickness as well.
Scales cause damage by sucking the juices from the plants.
Scales contain anthocyanin pigment and when in water absorbs chlorophyll making it look green.
Scales contain pigments that give snakes their colors and patterns.
Scales cover the bony shells of turtles.
Scales cover upper half of cheek and gill covers.
Scales deal with the structure of the questionnaire items.
Scales define keys.
Scales develop in the third instar.
Scales differ from model to model.
Scales drop honeydew on the vines, which sometimes leads to the development of sooty mold .
Scales enhance range and flexibility towards playing higher or lower notes.
Scales fall like sequins from the beating wings.
Scales fall off.
Scales fall out, leaving pits on fish's hide.
Scales feed by sucking plant sap.
Scales feed on sap by piercing the leaf or stem with their mouthparts and sucking.
Scales finely ctenoid.
Scales grow continuously and wear, but are never fully shed.
Scales grow in long sheets.
Scales have (part) sections.
Scales have a watery-cooked appearance.
Scales have interplay in various aspects of fly tying.
Scales have no appreciation for tragedy.
Scales have smooth margin.
Scales have to be indicated by bars within the illustrations .
Scales help keep reptiles from drying out, and are thus an adaptation to terrestrial life.
Scales insert their piercing-sucking mouthparts into the plant and feed on the juices.
Scales lay head to tail in all bony fishes.
Scales measure our weight using kilograms.
Scales misses many opportunities to effectively integrate the chorus with the action.
Scales missing around the head or lateral line are often a disease symptom.
Scales occur as localized thickenings of the corneal layer of the epidermis.
Scales occur with psoriasis, seborrheic dermatitis, and many other conditions.
Scales permit setting the dimension on either the left or right side.
Scales possess antennae and are characterized by reduced legs.
Scales protect the fish.
Scales provide nourishment to bulbs.
Scales provide protection and camouflage.
Scales provide the means to transition from one musical idea to another.
Scales provides the world with a fascinating study of man's recent relationship to technology.
Scales range from small ditzies to medium or blown-up loose florals and tropicals.
Scales range in size from the size of a poppy seed to the size of a split pea.
Scales refer to U.S. dollars in the States, Canadian dollars in Canada.
Scales See that net weight and total price indications show zero before product is weighed.
Scales seem to be removed from the eyes as greater depths of colour and spatial relationship appear.
Scales serve a very important function of external protection, sort of like armor.
Scales spend most of their lives underneath a covering feeding on the same spot of the plant.
Scales still has chunks of the burned ash frame, and photographs of the wreck.
Scales suck the sap from the trees and thus cause branches to die and sometimes kill trees.
Scales tend to gravitate toward a single pitch, indicating the tonic pitch.
Scales tend to thrive on stressed plants.
Scales typically measure in grams, with other weights available.
Scales vary according to the size of the country.
Scales vary from county to county.
Scales vary in appearance depending on age, sex and species.
Scales vary in appearance depending on age, sex, and species.
Scales sometimes curl back.
Scales usually appear in clusters.
Scales usually build up on the south side of shrubs or on the side against buildings.
All scales are approximate.
All scales are brand new and come with the full factory warranty.
All scales are concert pitch.
All scales are in concert pitch.
All scales are in Excel format.
All scales are simply subsets of the chromatic scale.
All scales are small except for the elongated axial scale at the base of each pelvic fin.
All scales are to be performed ascending and de scending.
All scales are to be performed full range, memorized and with varied articulation.
All scales are to start and stop on the tonic, with no repetition of the tonic note between octaves.
All scales come in two colors, so it s easy to read.
All scales have linear distributions.
All scales have the same format.
All scales start as eggs that are laid underneath the mother scale.
All scales tend to be smooth and shiny.
Any scale modelling topic is encouraged.
Any scale really means any scale.
Every scale is filled with air to provide buoyancy and make it easier to fly.
Every scale is picked out in incredible detail.
Many scales are available on a hydrometer.
Many scales have an appreciable thickness.
Most scales are about the size of a pin head or slightly larger.
Most scales found in stores are class III scales.
Most scales have a hook on the end and do damage to fish.
Most scales have an adjustment screw on the hanger to fine tune the zero reading.
Some scale insects infest roots.
Some scales also reside on leaves and fruit.
Some scales are brown, grayish black, a slight yellow or even light pink in color.
Some scales are hemispherical in shape, while others are oval and flat.
Some scales are the sum of positive responses to items on a questionnaire.
Some scales are white and others are gray.
Some scales have turquoise spots.
Some scales lack what is described in classical terminology as consonant, or agreeable, chords.
Some scales possess three or four ISOs.
Some scales prefer certain plant species.
Some scales sound happy, others sound sad.
Scaleable architecture allows for multi-pipeline configurations.
Scaleable architecture allows multiple cards to be stacked within a server.
Scaleable architecture minimizes the footprint for each process tool.
Scaleable fonts lose resolution as they are enlarged.
Scaled images are always centered.
Scaled items are the most common approach in measuring affective traits.
Scaled questions are easiest to answer.
Scaled space is measured in whatever units have been defined with a proc areadef .
A scalene triangle is a triangle
Scalene triangles have no congruent sides.
A scaler is a counter
Scaler turns off at end of preset time.
Scalers come in many different shapes and sizes.
Some scalers reach the summit.
Scaleybark branch offers seven personal computers for public use.
Scaling are climbs.
Scaling are measurements.
Scaling are order.
A scallion is an onion
Scallion advises no-one to move or relocate out of fear.
Scallion is a fraud.
Scallions also add a nice kick to the buttery orzo.
Scallions are rich in diallyl sulfide and help protect against cancer of the stomach.
Scallions are white bunching onions that are icked before they develop bulbs.
Scallions can also add an interesting twist.
Scallions commonly known as green onions, are in the onion family.
Scallions give an onion flavor.
Scallop hammerheads have characteristics.
Most scallop hammerheads have characteristics.
Some scallop hammerheads have edges.
Some scallop hammerheads have placentas.
Some scallop hammerheads have posterior edges.
A scallop is a curve
Scallops add an old-fashioned, elegant feel that adds dimension and beauty to a home exterior.
Scallops appear milky white or opaque and firm.
Scallops are a delicacy.
Scallops are able to move and swim through water by clapping their shells together.
Scallops are also unusual among bivalves in that their eyes are well developed.
Scallops are among the most delicate and delicious of all sea foods.
Scallops are at their best, plump, succulent and as white as the driven snow.
Scallops are best when served a little underdone.
Scallops are bivalves.
Scallops are completely enveloped and subsequently die.
Scallops are curves.
Scallops are easier to find when the sun is high overhead.
Scallops are filter feeders , and eat plankton .
Scallops are highly sensitive to shadows, vibrations, water movement, and chemical stimuli.
Scallops are interesting because they smell odd most of the time.
Scallops are like that.
Scallops are long lived shellfish.
Scallops are low in fat and calories and an excellent source of protein.
Scallops are mollusks.
Scallops are mollusks.
Scallops are natures divinity.
Scallops are part of scallops.
Scallops are popular in both Eastern and Western cooking .
Scallops are popular in both Eastern and Western cooking.
Scallops are sauteed and placed atop the ragout.
Scallops are shellfishs.
Scallops are spoon-shaped hollows dissolved in limestone floors, walls, and ceilings.
Scallops are surface-dwelling bivalves that can swim by clappng together their valves.
Scallops are the same.
Scallops are unusual among bivalves in that they are capable of jet-propelled swimming.
Scallops are very interesting creatures.
Scallops burrow into the sandy seafloor.
Scallops can also be saut ed, grilled, boiled, poached, or breaded and fried.
Scallops can clap their shells together to produce a jet of water that propels the animal forward.
Scallops can clap their shells together to produce a sort of jet propulsion.
Scallops can propel themselves along the sea floor by flapping their shells.
Scallops can swim quite actively in a random fashion if disturbed.
Scallops can swim with brief bursts of speed by clapping their shells together.
Scallops can swim, but tend to remain in the same area throughout their lives.
Scallops can swim.
Scallops eat microscopic food, like algae and plankton that floats through the water.
Scallops eat tiny sea plants and food particles found floating around in the water.
Scallops feed by filtering plankton and detritus from the water.
Scallops feed on plant and animal plankton.
Scallops freeze well.
Scallops generally live on sand bottoms.
Scallops grow rapidly during the first several years of life.
Scallops grow rather slowly and mainly in the spring and summer months.
Scallops have a central adductor muscle .
Scallops have a central adductor muscle.
Scallops have a characteristic and distinct odor that can be somewhat stronger than other seafood.
Scallops have a distinct, sweet odor when they are fresh.
Scallops have a one-year lifespan.
Scallops have a shelf life of two to three days.
Scallops have a sweetish odor with no excess liquid when bought in packages.
Scallops have dozens of eyes.
Scallops have shells that have distinctive ridges and are symmetrical.
Scallops hold their shells open.
Scallops lack a foot, and both oysters and giant clams lack a foot as adults.
Scallops live in all of the world 's oceans .
Scallops live in all of the world's oceans.
Scallops mostly stay in underwater grass beds on a soft, shallow sea floor.
Scallops offer a delicate, complex, ocean-y flavor.
Scallops require gentle and light cooking to bring out their delicate flavor.
Scallops sauteed with seasoned celery and onion in red hot garlic sauce.
Scallops sit on top of the substrate, and are able to swim away from predators.
Scallops swim by clapping their shells together.
Scallops thus swim in short spurts.
Scallops turn milky white and opaque in the center when cooked.
Scallops turn milky white or opaque and firm.
Scallops turn opaque and firm.
Scallops turn white or opaque and become firm.
Scallops use a similar locomotion.
Scallops use water-jet propulsion to move through the water to escape predators such as starfish.
Scallops wrapped in bacon are extremely juicy.
Scallops often contain sand when fishermen use dredges .
Scallops often contain sand when fishermen use dredges.
Scallops often occur in dense congregations known as scallop beds.
Scallops usually lie about on the floor of the ocean.
Most scallops are filter feeders .
Most scallops are filter feeders.
Most scallops live freely .
Most scallops live freely.
Some scallops live for ten years or more.
Scalloped edge is reverse carved.
Scalloped potatoes are simple to prepare but taste rich and elegant enough to complement any meal.
A scallopini is a dish
Scallopinis are easy to harvest, because they are compact with an open habit.
Scallywag isa individual.
Scallywag isa person.
Scallywag isa somebody.
Scallywag isa someone.
Scallywags have (part) arms.
Scallywags have (part) body substances.
Scallywags have (part) cell membranes.
Scallywags have (part) cells.
Scallywags have (part) corpi.
Scallywags have (part) cytoplasm.
Scallywags have (part) heads.
Scallywags have (part) human bodies.
Scallywags have (part) legs.
Scallywags have (part) material bodies.
Scallywags have (part) necks.
Scallywags have (part) nuclei.
Scallywags have (part) personality.
Scallywags have (part) plasma membranes.
Scallywags have (part) sections.
Scallywags have (part) vacuoles.
Some scallywags take chances.
Scalp reduction is designed for coverage of bald areas at the top and back of the head.
Scalp reduction is for coverage of bald areas at the top and back of the head.
Scalp ringworm is found on the head, and body ringworm affects arms, legs, or the chest.
Scalp ringworm is highly contagious and especially among children.
Scalp ringworm is highly contagious, especially among children.
A scalp is skin
Scalp burns in elderly women - the perils of the perm.
Scalp flaps in the treatment of baldness.
Scalp scarring as a result of burns, other types of injuries, or infections occurs infrequently.
Scalp shows regrowth of scalp hair follicles. .
Scalps are films.
Scalps are part of human heads.
Scalps are skin.
Scalps are solid objects.
Scalps are the medium of exchange and human life the guarantor of the bill.
Every scalp has dandruff, which is comprised of waste matter excreted by the scalp.
Scalpel blades are to be discarded in the sharps container mounted on the walls.
Scalpel handles have one end for attaching a blade.
A scalpel is a knife
Scalpels are good to have around.
Scalpels are knifes.
Scalpels are medical devices.
Scalpels are probably the oldest of all surgical instruments.
Scalpels are used for cuts.
Scalpels are used for cuttings.
Scalpels come down the line.
A scalper is a plunger
Scalper works out with a lot of demons.
Scalpers are always an option.
Scalpers are in it for the money.
Scalpers are price-gouging the citizens.
Scalpers are speculators.
Scalpers are the scum of the earth.
Scalpers are usually even cheaper than the ticket window.
Scalpers are vulchers who take away true fans tickets to make a buck.
Scalpers begin to panic, and usually sell their tickets at ridiculously low prices.
Scalpers drop ticket prices drastically once an event has begun.
Scalpers have people on the inside.
Scalpers keep their fingers low, subtle.
Scalpers make many trades per day.
Scalpers raise some interesting issues.
Scalpers often appear because laws restrict the amount that sellers can charge for tickets.
Scaly face is caused by burrowing mites and as the name suggests attacks the face.
Some scaly feet have feet.
Scaly leg causes disfigurement of the scales on bird's legs.
Scaly skin contains keratin.
Scaly skin contains protein keratin.
Scaly skin prevents dehydration.
Most scaly skin contains keratin.
Most scaly skin contains protein keratin.
Scam artist can be just a click away.
Scam artists are out in force - be careful.
Scam artists are professional thieves and can be very convincing in their sales pitch.
Scam artists are ready to take advantage of people of all ages accessing the Internet.
Scam artists are thiefs.
Scam artists can be just a click away.
Scam artists can easily get partial information from receipts.
Scam artists count on their victims being too embarrassed about being conned to report it.
Scam artists exist because consumers are so easy to fool.
Scam artists go where the money is.
Scam artists have a field day when the stock market is doing well.
Scam artists know how greed works and all it takes is one con man to get the thing started.
Scam artists lie.
Scam artists love bulletin boards because they can easily post false information.
Scam artists make great and wonderful promises but their delivery is non-existent.
Scam artists prefer to prey on unsophisticated consumers.
Scam artists prey on complacency, and cops have that attribute built in.
Scam artists spend significant time and energy or collection efforts.
Scam artists wander airports until they spot a traveler with a portable.
Scam artists work in teams.
Any scam artist can register a fictitious business name, and they're easy to hide behind.
Many scam artist rely on the same tricks to take advantage of unwary consumers.
Many scam artists contact consumers with worthless lots.
Many scam artists move around a lot.
Some scam artists sell stolen tickets and tickets bought with miles purchased from frequent fliers.
A scam is a rig
Scam alerts .
Scam bites porn addicts.
Scam is the subject on tap. . . . .
Scams abound on the Net.
Scams are illegal.
Scams are swindle.
Scams can involve reverse mortgages, home improvement and sub prime loans, just to name a few.
Scams happen across the world.
Scams happen all the time.
Scams have very definite warning signs.
Scams involving export of jewels occur in India , which target foreign citizens .
Scams involving export of jewels occur in India, which target foreign citizens.
Scams operate in other ways, as well.
Scams run in cycles.
Scams work in all different ways.
Scams often give a guarantee of quick money .
Scams often give a guarantee of quick money.
All scams depend on the gullibility of the consumer.
Many scams also seem to originate from Florida or California.
Many scams are a combination of techniques.
Many scams count on greed to get the victim hooked.
Most scams originate from outside South Australia.
Some scams distribute the fraud over many numbers.
Some scams even package their products to imitate brand name products.
A scammer is a slicker
Scammers can be pretty tricky.
Scammers can now sit at their computer keyboards and reach hundreds of thousands of people.
Scammers employ various schemes to separate computer from owner.
Scammers follow the headlines to come up with creative ways to cheat people out of their money.
Scammers know which credit card issuers have weak systems.
Scammers offer travellers deals that are indeed too good to be true.
Scammers always seek the least regulated niche in which to ply their trade.
Some scammers actually purchase credit card applications filled out by their potential victims.
Scamps are designed to be towed by small cars, SUVs, mini vans, and trucks.
A scamper is a rush
Scamper is reported to be the first hull to be tank tested on the west coast.
Scamper is the younger of the two and is the biggest.
Scamper learns that sincere friends are true blue and come in all sizes, shapes and colors.
Scamper lives in New Jersey.
Scampers is a cat.
SCampers range in age from infants to grandparents.
A scampi is a dish
Some scampi are bigger then others.
Scan chains permit serial access to every pin on every device that's part of a chain.
Scan conversion is a tool that changes a processed signal into a representation of lines and curves.
Scan converters translate one TV standard to another.
Scan design is the most common structured design for testability technique.
Scan design uses either full or partial scan techniques, depending on design criteria.
Scan disk disables encryption and vice-versa.
Scan electron microscope images reveal details.
Scan line is suspect.
Scan line rendering can create images in a fraction of the time full ray tracing requires.
Scan lines come in to reveal black and white image of desert area.
Scan rate is fairly quick as compared to some of the older radios.
Scan rate is the speed at which a page of paper is scanned.
Scan rates are variable.
A scan is an examination
Scan allows to fire a set of scanners for a given argument collection.
Scan bows, quivers, shafts, feathers, and many other products.
SCAN check verification operates like a clearinghouse.
Scan classifieds, including Employment ads, from the current week's issue.
Scan computes the value of the function at N points.
Scan convert the blue polygon.
Scan convert the green polygon.
Scan convert the output and feed it into the switcher.
Scan convert the red polygon.
Scan directories to automatically import results from instruments.
Scan diskettes for a viruses .
Scan gives look into addicts' brains.
Scan headings to find relevant passages.
Scan is of the banner on the front page.
Scan Look Ahead Charts to find good investment opportunities.
Scan looks dark.
Scan moves forward through the screens.
Scan now buy later.
Scan Now Scans the PC for viruses on demand.
Scan objects that the glowing students have touched.
Scan reads each temp probe one at a time.
Scan resumes of members.
Scan returns a list of terms.
Scan returns headings rather than keywords.
Scan shown is only a partial view.
Scan sketches for a design or presentation.
Scan slides to choose best metaphases.
Scans are also available on any graded card in stock.
Scans are also available on zip disks at a similar cost.
Scans are always welcome.
Scans are available by clicking the asterisks or by e-mail for the unasterisked cards.
Scans are available on request.
Scans are available.
Scans are demos only.
Scans are examinations.
Scans are excellent documentation for insurance.
Scans are fair at best, but OK for most home scanning.
Scans are fast and the quality is very good.
Scans are from ep.
Scans are grainier and contrastier, with more apparent scan lines.
Scans are great, and it's great for faxing.
Scans are great.
Scans are of front and back covers.
Scans are of good quality, although a bit dark.
Scans are of the actual cards for sale.
Scans are often darker and less colorful than the originals.
Scans are sharp, with accurate color representation.
Scans are slower and are therefore performed on previously retrieved sets.
Scans are time consuming in email.
Scans are very sharp, and the colors good.
Scans are visible on printed sheets.
Scans are welcome.
Scans barcode tag and weighs each mailtray.
Scans begin at bottom of image and progress upwards.
Scans can also be user initiated.
Scans can also check for bladder reflux.
Scans can be either grayscale or color and are of excellent quality for image editing or web design.
Scans can be gif, jpg, tiff, or bmp format.
Scans can discover computers or even modems with open links to the Internet.
Scans can generate lots of alerts.
Scans can quickly showup losses around seals or where insulation has been improperly installed.
Scans can test for ovarian cancer and defects in foetuses.
Scans can yield valuable, objective information that can contribute to the diagnosis.
Scans come out blurry, pixelated and just plain ugly.
Scans control panel to ascertain that lights are functioning.
Scans databases on demand.
Scans desktop PCs.
Scans find possible cause of unexplained dizziness.
Scans indicate no humor present.
Scans keypad and debounces.
Scans look for known viruses by comparing files with known virus strings.
Scans menus for inoperative entries.
Scans occur once per day, with sites whose last stats are over a week ago being scanned.
Scans patron suggestions.
Scans quickly show damage to brain.
Scans reveal intricate brain wiring .
Scans rulez in snowboarding.
Scans runways for landing, departing, and crossing situations.
Scans show a large field of wreckage.
Scans show changes in brain activity after acupuncture sessions.
Scans take from five to fifteen minutes.
Scans take up a lot of online space.
Scans tend to be adequate for simple images and text, but poor for photos and other detailed images.
Scans work for incoming requisitions.
Scans usually show changes in parts of the brain called the brainstem and basal ganglia.
Scans usually take between one to one and one-half hours to complete.
All scans are color corrected, and an iris proof of the scan is included in the scan price.
All scans are for private, non-profit use.
All scans are loose full frame.
All scans are now available in the WoS archive and linked to from the appropriate issue.
All scans have basic enhancements performed.
Any scan is recorded.
Every scan collects a minimum of four thousand data points.
Every scan is individual and takes into account focus, lighting, and color.
Every scan starts at the white-reference board.
More scans are on the way.
More scans can take place each second .
More scans can take place each second.
Most scans are actual size.
Most scans are high- resolution scans, so the filesize is quite large and the quality is very good.
Most scans require different images.
Most scans require many different images and perhaps a few position changes.
Most scans require many differnet images and perhaps a few position changes.
Some scans are louder than others.
Some scans are relatively routine.
Some scans have optional secondary keys.
Scandal also exists when bishops teach error or permit false teaching.
Scandal breaks out when agents are discovered to be removing gold fillings from dead people.
Scandal causes premature closure.
Scandal distracts nation from events in Cuba, Ireland and Iraq.
Scandal gives cause or reason for another to sin, i.e., being an occasion for wrong doing.
Scandal grows in darkness.
Scandal has a thousand stringers.
Scandal is a common feature of second terms.
Scandal is a grave offense if by deed or omission another is deliberately led into a grave offense .
Scandal is a grave offense if by deed or omission another is deliberately led into a grave offense.
Scandal is a terrible thing, and again, roundly condemned by scripture.
Scandal is albums.
Scandal is allied to cowardice.
Scandal is an attitude or behavior that leads another to do evil.
Scandal is an attitude or behavior which leads another to do evil .
Scandal is an attitude or behavior which leads another to do evil.
Scandal is common, fraud is notorious.
Scandal is concise and elegantly written, and ends on a message of hope.
Scandal is everywhere.
Scandal is gossip
Scandal is gossip.
Scandal is interesting only for the moment.
Scandal is nothing new.
Scandal is sometimes the price of virtuous action.
Scandal is the serious suggestion that evil is attractive or per missible.
Scandal is the serious suggestion that evil is attractive or permissible.
Scandal is trouble.
Scandal scares high-tech donors.
Scandal sells, so that's what they write.
Scandal takes toll on physicians who sold to company .
Scandal wallows in mire and swamp and flings mud on all passers-by.
Scandals are a subject mainstay of the genre, along with victim tales.
Scandals are now likely to claim the accuser as well as accused.
Scandals are ongoing, too.
Scandals come to light under frenzied radio, TV, and press coverage.
Scandals ensue as their affair continues.
Scandals increase circulation and bring in more advertising revenue.
Scandals mar local New Jersey politics too.
Scandals require investigation.
Scandals seem to unfold almost daily, revealing the sordid stories of the rich and famous.
Scandals usually depend on mind-numbing details.
More scandals are yet to surface in other departments.
Some scandals titillate the public.
Scandalous scoop breaks online Secret tapes.
Scandinavian children sing traditional songs.
Scandinavian countries are european countries.
Scandinavian countries are now below replacement, as is Romania.
Scandinavian countries have a relatively high use also.
Scandinavian countries have strong governments and strong unions.
Scandinavian countries produce the bulk of the world's farmed fur animals.
Scandinavian countries report a high incidence.
Scandinavian couples send pieces of the wedding cake home with their guests.
Scandinavian cuisine is larded with two major elements, dairy products and seafood.
Scandinavian experts believe their greater problem is financial crime.
Scandinavian festival celebrates beginning of summer.
Scandinavian festival celebrates the beginning of summer.
Scandinavian girls love to lick, suck, and fuck.
Scandinavian influences are apparent in our coastal fishing towns.
Scandinavian law requires any written agreement to favor both parties.
Scandinavian pancakes are similar to British pancakes .
Scandinavian pancakes are similar to British pancakes.
Many Scandinavian sites are multi-lingual and are marked with flag icons.
Many Scandinavian sites have an English version.
Scandinavian states are ready to join such cooperation as well.
Scandinavian style cottages with woodburners.
Scandinavian swallows end up at the southern tip of Africa.
Scandinavian tradition has woods, and indeed the very trees, as the abode of elves.
Scandinavian water is marvelously unpolluted.
Scandinavian weather wreaks havoc on the sensitive technical equipment required for such a venue.
Scandinavian winters are notoriously dark, brooding affairs.
A scandium is metal
Scandium causes the blue-green color in aquamarine gems.
Scandium costs about ten times more than gold.
Scandium does conduct electricity.
Scandium has few commercial uses.
Scandium is a metal in a group known as the transition metals.
Scandium is a moderately abundant element.
Scandium is a relatively soft, silver-white metal.
Scandium is a silvery metal that is soft and has a density of about three times that of water.
Scandium is a silvery white, moderately soft metal .
Scandium is a silvery-white metal that develops a yellow or pink tint when exposed to air.
Scandium is a soft metal with a silvery appearance.
Scandium is a soft silver-white metal.
Scandium is a soft silvery metal that develops a slight yellow or pink cast when exposed to air.
Scandium is a soft, silvery transition element which occurs in rare minerals from Scandinavia.
Scandium is a solid metallic chemical element and sometimes reffered to as a rare earth element.
Scandium is a very light, relatively soft metal.
Scandium is a very lightweight, silvery white metal that is fairly soft.
Scandium is a very rare, expensive, and lightweight metal.
Scandium is also the source of artificial natural light.
Scandium is apparently a much more abundant element in the sun and certain stars than here on earth.
Scandium is apparently a much more abundant element in the sun and certain stars than on earth.
Scandium is considered to be of low toxicity.
Scandium is found in relatively greater abundance in the sun and certain stars than on earth.
Scandium is similar to the rare earth elements chemically.
Scandium is the first of the transition metals.
Scandium is the transition metal with the lowest atomic number.
Scandium is the ultimate material.
Scandium is used in alloys to add strength, remain light weight, and also has a high melting point.
Scandium is where it is at.
Scandium reacts rapidly with many acids .
Scandium reacts rapidly with many acids.
Scandium reacts with many acids.
Scandiums are chemical elements.
Scandiums are metallic elements.
Scandiums are transition metal.
Scannable forms reduce processing and response time.
Scannable forms reduce the processing and response time.
Scannable formats are available.
Scannable resumes are plain.
Scannable resumes differ in several ways from the traditional resume.
Scannable resumes have a plain format and emphasize key words.
Scannable text uses descriptive subheadings , highlighted keywords , and bulleted lists .
Scanned documentation is difficult to use, and difficult to print.
Scanned drawings can be so light at times that parts of the actual designs can be lost.
Scanned graphics are clear but small.
Scanned images are acceptable but the process reduces the quality of the image.
Scanned images are always bitmaps.
Scanned images are available for all items.
Scanned images are available upon request.
Scanned images are available.
Scanned images are generally of poor quality for the texts.
Scanned images are no extra charge in our web site package offers.
Scanned images are often down sampled to create smaller file sizes.
Scanned images are often less-legible than photocopied images.
Scanned images are pictures of what is on the scanner.
Scanned images are possible.
Scanned images are slow to load, so please have patience.
Scanned images can take a lot of space.
Scanned images can take large amounts of memory to process and store.
Scanned images create bitmaps which are simple arrays of black and white dots.
Scanned images make rare documents available in full text.
Scanned images require sharpening and contrast corrections.
Scanned images require special permission and arrangements.
Scanned images vary in file size depending on several factors, including image type and resolution.
Most scanned interfaces are somewhat irregular and curved.
Scanned meshes can be enormous and require hundreds of Megs of memory to render.
Scanned ones are fine.
Scanned pictures are acceptable.
Scanned records can also contain errors.
A scanner is an electronic device
A scanner is an input device
Scanner analyzes a near by player.
Scanner captures picture pixel by pixel.
Scanner does precisely such a heuristic analysis.
Scanner drive schematic.
Scanner has higher resolution than most digital cameras.
Scanner is a color or gray scale scanner.
Scanner is a simple yet fast network port scanner with wingate detection.
Scanner is also available.
Scanner is an assembler of the electronic past in our digital future.
Scanner is an essential tool for diagnosing traumatic brain and spinal cord injury.
Scanner is available for the public.
Scanner is excellent now.
Scanner is extremely compact and robust.
Scanner is included.
Scanner is neither.
Scanner is now aware of pfb-blocks and can scan files with multiple binary data segments.
Scanner is very fast and software is user friendly.
Scanner now comes standard with 'scan time' dodging software.
Scanner now rejects a stream identifier that is zero or a positive number.
Scanner quickly captures topographic data of patient.
Scanner scans the body in a cross-sectional spiral pattern for the most precise anatomical imaging.
Scanner Toggles the scanner on and off.
Scanner Topsites Important announcement Mail is back to normal.
Scanner view Black glass inject to pumice layer.
Scanners allow a user to copy documents or pictures into a computer.
Scanners allow agents to scan in traditional photos for publications and presentations.
Scanners also provide some neat ways of increasing student efficiency.
Scanners also scan at a certain dpi.
Scanners are a great way to capture photos and even artwork quickly and easily.
Scanners are a pain in the ass generally speaking.
Scanners are almost the inverse of printers.
Scanners are also available for faculty, staff, and student use.
Scanners are also available for text and graphics scanning.
Scanners are also available to convert slides as well as prints.
Scanners are also available.
Scanners are also avaliable in a large percentage of the classrooms.
Scanners are also very popular with boat and train watchers.
Scanners are an input device that are becoming more widespread.
Scanners are another matter.
Scanners are another option to consider.
Scanners are available for printing, downloading or sending microfilm copies by e-mail.
Scanners are available for public use at no charge.
Scanners are available for the use of library staff.
Scanners are available in several varieties.
Scanners are available to rent at merchandise stands located throughout the speedway grounds.
Scanners are available.
Scanners are capable of recording much more than just books and photographs.
Scanners are compact and offered for a full range of web widths.
Scanners are detectors.
Scanners are devices suitable for entering of graphical information into the computer.
Scanners are dishs.
Scanners are easy and fun and very useful, and there's lots of artistic creativity possible too.
Scanners are either handheld or fixed-mount.
Scanners are electronic devices.
Scanners are essential for establishing the identity and location of a virus.
Scanners are excellent for tokens and medals, as well as small banners.
Scanners are films.
Scanners are fine, but nothing beats an intelligent human editor for getting text into a system.
Scanners are free to any shelter that requests one.
Scanners are fun.
Scanners are illegal to have in vehicles in some states and much frowned upon in others.
Scanners are important to Internet security because they reveal weaknesses in the network.
Scanners are inexpensive, easy to use, and accurate.
Scanners are just as bad.
Scanners are more accurate with clear distinct characters.
Scanners are more and more affordable.
Scanners are more efficient than manual entry.
Scanners are much cheaper now, and the setup is a lot easier.
Scanners are much the same way.
Scanners are one of the most desired computer peripherals.
Scanners are one of the most misunderstood and poorly used parts of the computer.
Scanners are only the most common method of capturing an image.
Scanners are perhaps one of the simplest USB devices.
Scanners are programmed to search for key words on a resume, so try to use as many as possible.
Scanners are programs that automatically detect security weaknesses in remote or local hosts.
Scanners are programs which can recognize lexical patterns in text.
Scanners are readily available in a variety of sizes and price ranges.
Scanners are really cool things, with lots of possibilities.
Scanners are relatively inexpensive and can be purchased at most electronic retail stores.
Scanners are relatively inexpensive.
Scanners are reviewers.
Scanners are so inexpensive now, multiple is feasible.
Scanners are superior beings who can read minds and cause others' heads to explode.
Scanners are the devices that read bar codes.
Scanners are the feedback loop linking policy and practice.
Scanners are the kind of warriors that look at core and attack it only when they find something.
Scanners are the most vulnerable of all.
Scanners are used for scanning .
Scanners are used for scanning.
Scanners are useful to have and can be set up as a station.
Scanners are widely available that can intercept cordless and cellular telephone calls.
Scanners are widely available.
Scanners are wonderful for slides and negative for conversion into a digital format.
Scanners basically fall into two categories, sheet-fed and flatbed.
Scanners can also do much more than just import pictures.
Scanners can be helpful.
Scanners can be so tricky.
Scanners can be stand or wall mounted, and incorporate a light box.
Scanners can capture an entire page of text or images such as photographs or artwork.
Scanners can capture different types of images based on their design.
Scanners can compile a three-dimensional computer model of a person or object in seconds.
Scanners can compile a three-dimentional computer model of a person or object in seconds.
Scanners can do a lot more then just scan photos in.
Scanners can do neat things.
Scanners can identify thousands of known viruses.
Scanners can input text with adequate accuracy, and readers can mark errors for correction.
Scanners can pick up signals from as short as a few feet to thousands of miles.
Scanners can read and tally a virtually unlimited number of forms.
Scanners capture images by shining light onto the document being scanned.
Scanners come in a variety of makes and models.
Scanners come in a variety of models to meet the particular needs of the listener.
Scanners come in a variety of sizes and price ranges, with capabilities to match.
Scanners come in a wide variety of capabilities and prices.
Scanners come in different sizes.
Scanners come in two general types.
Scanners come with a usually limited version of some photo editing software.
Scanners connect to computers through a variety of interfaces.
Scanners convert paper documents to electronic form by taking a picture of each page.
Scanners convert printed text into voice output or Braille on a refreshable display.
Scanners convert traditional photographs to digital files.
Scanners create raster files.
Scanners demand simplicity.
Scanners detect light intensity corresponding to the density of the original.
Scanners digitize images and text for computer use.
Scanners digitize printed images.
Scanners do more than speed checkouts.
Scanners do use dpi to create that image.
Scanners function like typical photocopiers.
Scanners gather signals from the radio spectrum devoted to short and medium range communications.
Scanners generate a magnetic field that is intercepted by the microchip.
Scanners give convenient reprints and enlargements when used with a computer printer.
Scanners have a variety of different categories.
Scanners have dirty signals, so placing it at the end helps prevent problems .
Scanners have far more capabilities than is traditionally recognized.
Scanners have many uses, from sending pictures via e-mail to assisting in creating a great website.
Scanners have the advantage of being almost invisible during operation.
Scanners have trouble discerning the shapes of letters that touch.
Scanners help businesses keep track of their inventory and speed service at the check-out counter.
Scanners input information into a computer.
Scanners look and operate much like personal copiers and share much of the same technology.
Scanners look for open ports, the software doors into and out of a computer.
Scanners look very much like small photocopy machines.
Scanners offer a wide range of resolutions in advertisements.
Scanners offer users other input opportunities.
Scanners operate best when used around a consistent, fairly dim light source.
Scanners pick up certain words and phrases.
Scanners play a pivotal role in today's digital imaging applications.
Scanners price our groceries.
Scanners produce better results, but are limited by the size of the maps they can handle.
Scanners produce high resolution images at an affordable cost.
Scanners produce high resolution images free of illumination problems.
Scanners produce very high quality images at an affordable cost.
Scanners provide the easiest way to check new software for known or suspected viruses.
Scanners read best when the text is clear and unfettered by lots of graphics.
Scanners read information much faster and more reliably than humans can write or type.
Scanners read the product code and display a description of the item on a computer screen.
Scanners record their destinations and then place each package onto an individual tray.
Scanners reduce data entry errors.
Scanners reject over-voted ballots and give citizens a second and third chance.
Scanners respond best to clear, concise language and simple layouts.
Scanners respond best to clear, concise language and simplified layouts.
Scanners search resumes for keywords relevant to the job and the employing organization.
Scanners take a picture of the image and then convert the image to a graphics file.
Scanners take digital pictures.
Scanners take five to ten times as long to operate.
Scanners take information that arrives on paper and convert it to a digital image.
Scanners transform hard copies into usable computer information.
Scanners translate information from paper, film, and bar codes into electronic data.
Scanners treat an image as an array of pixels.
Scanners typically use multiple bits to represent information about each pixel of an image.
Scanners use white space to recognize the breaks between topics.
Scanners used in mobile service are subject to vibration, dust, and temperature extremes.
Scanners utilize electronic circuits to correct color, compress the tones and enhance the detail.
Scanners vary greatly in their complexity.
Scanners work at high resolution and therefore take many seconds for each image.
Scanners work best on larger fonts that are clear and distinct.
Scanners work much like photocopy machines.
Scanners work with strong metallic fields, which builds up energy.
Scanners often capture color images in RGB format.
Scanners often come bundled with software.
Scanners often like to be the first device in the chain.
Scanners often read the wrong or non-sale price.
Scanners sometimes come packaged with Optical Character Recognition software.
Scanners usually brighten the image a great deal.
All scanners have special parts which are used to take a picture from an object .
All scanners have special parts which are used to take a picture from an object.
All scanners make compatible files.
All scanners work in much the same way.
All scanners work on the same principle of reflectance or transmission.
Any scanner can select the area of scanning.
Every scanner comes with photo editing software.
Every scanner is a little different and specific advice is hard to give.
Many scanners are good for reflective scanning but their transparency scanner tops are horrible.
Many scanners come with image editing programs.
Many scanners use different techniques to discover new variants, or even totally new viruses.
More scanners come online.
Most scanner covers feature standard hinges that lift only at an angle.
Most scanners are able to read both barcodes.
Most scanners are at hospitals or in very large medical groups.
Most scanners are capable of higher resolutions.
Most scanners can accept multiple types of barcodes.
Most scanners can only read text.
Most scanners can save the files in different ways.
Most scanners come bundled with photo-editing software of some kind.
Most scanners come bundled with software that makes scanning images idiot-proof.
Most scanners come with a a scanning application and standard image editing suite.
Most scanners favor chromes.
Most scanners feed a sheet of paper, capture an image and then start the cycle over.
Most scanners have a difficult time with ornate fonts.
Most scanners look like small photocopiers attached to computers.
Most scanners offer a range of output resolutions.
Most scanners offer controls for adjusting the sampling rate.
Most scanners offer line-art, grayscale, and color modes.
Most scanners produce raster format images .
Most scanners sample more than eight bits of data per channel.
Most scanners save files at twice the size in .tif format.
Most scanners ship with a low-end image editor.
Most scanners use linear CCDs arranged in a row.
Most scanners use one pass of the light over the image to record the data for each filter.
Some scanners also use software to convert raster data to vector data.
Some scanners are able to rotate the gobos which add a very special effect.
Some scanners are hand-held and the clerk runs the scanner over the price tag.
Some scanners claim a higher dpi than is physically possible.
Some scanners come with slide adapters or negative adapters.
Some scanners feature elaborate telecommunications equipment.
Some scanners offer other choices, such as scanning directly as a half-tone.
Some scanners offer transparency adaptors as optional extras for scanning slides and negatives.
Some scanners produce images with distinct color casts.
Some scanners regularly produce images with the same incorrect color cast.
Some scanners require only adding a card and an external monitor.
Some scanners target specific ports.
Some scanners use a three pass scanning method.
Some scanners use the computer's parallel printer port to connect.
More scanning prototypes are in the works.
Scanning speed depends on the film.
Scanning speed depends on what resolution is required.
Scanning speed varies depending on the complexity of the image scanned.
Scanning are photography.
Scanning are reproduction.
A scansion is cadence
Scansion includes indicating elision and the metrical quantities of syllables.
Scansion includes indicating elision and the metrical quantities of the syllables.
Scansions are meters.
Scant attention is paid to legal considerations.
Scant attention is paid to the civil rights movement.
Scant clothing worn by either men and women is considered offensive.
Scant data exists because the species was never considered commercially viable.
Scant evidence is offered.
Scant faith is afraid of the consummation.
Scant funding is the greatest impediment to political party growth.
Scant information hinders or in some cases precludes meaningful consideration.
Scant precipitation falls in scattered showers and variable, mild winds prevail.
Scant rainfall allows but four months of farming.
Scant resources are available direct to parents to make their own arrangements.
Scant summer passes and the unseen saltation descends until the spring.
Scant traces prove that the rest of the plateau was also circumvented by a line of fortifications.
Scantlings are lettered on the working drawings.
Scape goats take on a new meaning when trying to deal with sexual harrassment as a society.
A scape is a stem
Scapes are beautiful and in perfect proportion to foliage.
Scapes are erect and well branched.
Scapes are moderately well branched and strongly recurrent.
Scapes are slender but strong enough to carry the weight of buds and blooms.
Scapes are sometimes so damaged that seed pods often dry and break off before the pod matures.
Scapes are stalks.
Scapes are sturdier and stronger.
Scapes are sturdy with good branching.
Scapes are tall and well branched.
Scapes are very well branched and strongly recurrent.
Scapes are well branched and are strongly recurrent.
Scapes are well branched and carry multiple blooms.
Scapes are well branched and strongly recurrent.
Scapes are well branched often with multiple blooms.
Scapes are well branched to carry the many impressive blooms.
Scapes are well branched.
Scapes are well-branched.
Scapes carry multiple blooms just above the fine foliage.
Scapes provide a context for agent interaction and sets of rules that govern agent behavior.
Scapes tend to be sturdier and stronger.
A scapegoat is a victim
Scapegoats act upon their feelings of anger, hurt and rejection.
Scapegoats aid the act of denial and police officers make fine scapegoats.
Scapegoats are a dime a dozen.
Scapegoats are excuses, nothing less.
Scapegoats are useful for the press, but a serious solution needed to be found.
Scapegoats are useful politically.
Scapegoats are victims.
Scapegoats serve a purpose.
Scapegoats tend to be unaware of feelings other than anger.
A scaphocephaly is a congenital abnormality
Scaphocephaly refers to an abnormally long and narrow cranium.
A scaphopod is a shellfish
Scaphopods are very common in the oceans today.
Scaphopods have a well-developed foot located at the large end of the shell.
Scapular fixation is weak from the onset.
Scapular rotation allows greater extension of the forelimbs during each stride cycle.
A scapular is a feather
Scapulars are a sign of association in the spirituality of a particular religious order.
Scapulars come enclosed with a short explanation.
Scapulohumeral rhythm serves at least two purposes.
Scar band formed by the muco-dermal junction helps retain the maxillary obturator.
Scar management is another key component of a wound care program.
Scar marks are great touch.
Scar massage is to be performed one month after surgery once steri-strips have fallen off.
Scar revision is a procedure to lessen the obvious presentation of a scar.
Most scar revision is considered elective surgery.
Scar stories are the narrative eclat of many a ninth grader.
Scar tissue adheres to the nerve or compresses by blocking the nerve exit from the foramen.
Scar tissue blocks or interrupts the normal movement of eggs into the uterus.
Scar tissue can also develop that can become problematic.
Scar tissue can cause anal stenosis.
Scar tissue can develop after vaginal surgery, such as episiotomy repair.
Scar tissue can develop, further limiting range of motion.
Scar tissue can dim the vision.
Scar tissue can enclose the healing ear canal and trap wax and debris inside.
Scar tissue can form in the fallopian tubes and around the abdomen.
Scar tissue can form over time giving a physical reason for more seizures.
Scar tissue can progress slowly over time and it can get worse.
Scar tissue develops in the joints where damage is done, which is what causes the crippling.
Scar tissue develops, causing the bones to fuse together.
Scar tissue endures.
Scar tissue fills the space left between the clavicle and the acromion to form a false joint .
Scar tissue formed in inappropriate places can lead to disease.
Scar tissue forming or re-forming following surgery is an error in the healing process.
Scar tissue forms around the breast implant.
Scar tissue forms around the stent to help the artery heal.
Scar tissue forms as the tears begin to heal.
Scar tissue forms on the outside of all artificial implants when placed in the body.
Scar tissue forms permanently in the lungs.
Scar tissue glues together the moving surfaces, resulting in adhesions which limit motion.
Scar tissue grows with the abnormal circulation.
Scar tissue has plastic-like qualities.
Scar tissue has the tendency to shrink and shorten.
Scar tissue irritates neurons in the vicinity.
Scar tissue is a significant problem, since it can cause persistent low back pain afterward.
Scar tissue is another source of movement problems for post-surgical patients.
Scar tissue is common with any chronic muscle injury.
Scar tissue is connective tissue
Scar tissue is connective tissue.
Scar tissue is dead tissue, just like the atrophied tissue created by cortisone shots.
Scar tissue is formed over the attachment point that prevents water loss.
Scar tissue is formed when the abortionist's curette scrapes or cuts too deeply across the tubes.
Scar tissue is inevitable whenever there is damage to the normally elastic vagina.
Scar tissue is less capable of absorbing stress forces before tearing.
Scar tissue is mechanically inferior and adheres to bone or skin or to tendons and tendon sheaths.
Scar tissue is more difficult to penetrate than intact skin.
Scar tissue is more prone to ulceration than normal skin.
Scar tissue is never as functional as the tissue it replaces.
Scar tissue is never as tough as uninjured skin.
Scar tissue is new growth and tougher than skin innocent of the blade.
Scar tissue is stiffer and harder, than normal skin.
Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue.
Scar tissue is the worst problem to deal with, after a detachment.
Scar tissue is very dense and tough, much more so than surrounding normal tissue.
Scar tissue needs to be continuously stretched to assure that the fibrils align properly.
Scar tissue releases and cranio sacral therapy.
Scar tissue replaces injured tissue as the result of the proliferation of fibroblasts in the wound.
Scar tissue replaces much of the normal liver.
Scar tissue replaces normal liver cells.
Scar tissue results.
Scar tissue runs deep, but the vicious sting has been removed.
Scar tissue takes over.
Scar tissue turns white and softens in four to five months.
All scar tissue is removed from the space beneath the deltoid.
Some scar tissue provides protection.
Some scar tissue replaces healthy liver tissue.
Some scar tissue replaces healthy lungs.
Some scar tissue replaces healthy tissue.
Some scar tissue replaces injure muscle tissue.
Some scar tissue replaces liver tissue.
Some scar tissue replaces lungs.
Some scar tissue replaces muscle tissue.
Some scar tissue replaces tissue.
A scar is a symptom
Scar emotes a smoky, soulful vibe composed of exotic sounds, melancholy moods and noir-ish tones.
Scar isa symptom.
Scars appear as indentations in rings on the upstream side of the tree.
Scars Apply vitamin E oil, cod liver oil, or aloe vera gel to wounds or burns to prevent scarring.
Scars are a bit unpredictable.
Scars are a corporeal scrapbook of a woman's experiences.
Scars are a result of any kind of surgical procedure.
Scars are a worthwhile trade for the gift of life.
Scars are also common on the face as cosmetic and religious decoration in many African groups.
Scars are an unavoidable drawback to the procedure, but typically quite acceptable to most patients.
Scars are areas of fibrous tissue that replace normal skin after destruction of some of the dermis.
Scars are around the areola, below it, and in the crease under the breast.
Scars are books.
Scars are characterization.
Scars are diseases.
Scars are easily visible as white lines, bands, or sheets in the tarsal conjunctiva.
Scars are extensive and permanent.
Scars are inevitable.
Scars are irrelevant.
Scars are located in fingers.
Scars are minimal and well hidden.
SCARs are more specific assays, suitable for automatation or multiplexing.
Scars are optional.
Scars are permanent, but usually fade and become less noticeable after several months to one year.
Scars are permanent, though they become less conspicuous with time.
Scars are present after all suregry.
Scars are present where the cotyledons shed earlier in the season.
Scars are quite embarrassing if it is on face or other exposed parts of the body.
Scars are symptoms.
Scars are the result of surgery.
Scars are usually easy to hide.
Scars are usually small and improve over time.
Scars are usually the result of damage to the body and are readily visible on the skin.
Scars are virtually unnoticeable after healing because of the location of the incisions.
Scars are visible where the skin of the wings has been hammered back in place.
Scars are well hidden in hair, around the ears, and behind the ears.
Scars are white, but if the mole regrows, there can be pigment in it.
Scars become softer and less prominent, including the pits and blemishes from acne .
Scars blaze a way into the wilderness.
Scars build character.
Scars can affect the meridian energy flow.
Scars can also form on the retina, which can cause the retina to detach from the back of the eye.
Scars can also pull the cheek and lid down.
Scars can be a serious, life-long result of a dog bite.
Scars can be good things.
Scars can be good.
Scars can come in useful.
Scars can never heal.
Scars can require nearly a year to complete a cycle of fading and softening.
Scars diminish and become less prominent, even acne pits over the months.
Scars do evolve over time.
Scars do tend to gradually fade and look less obvious as time passes.
Scars don t heal and emotional scars never quit hurting.
Scars don t tan.
Scars give each individual a different appearance.
Scars grow as children grow.
Scars invoke the memory of difficult moments.
Scars make a love object hard and wounded at the same time.
Scars mend or are forgotten.
Scars remain following a surgical removal, which can also be painful.
Scars remain visible for about a year.
Scars remain, but seem less angry.
Scars replace the destroyed tissues, and are non- specific in appearence.
Scars replace the destroyed tissues, and are non-specific in appearence.
Scars resemble aerial photographs of mountains.
Scars result any time the deeper layers of skin are cut or torn.
Scars result, but are positioned to minimize visibility.
Scars seem noble, and of course are the source of many great stories.
Scars still remain from the early days of exploration.
Scars take a long time to heal, sometimes never.
Scars tend to be narrow and nearly invisible.
Scars tend to be thin and heal well.
Scars tend to show noticeable improvement within two weeks.
Scars vary in size and appearance, depending on how the patient heals.
Scars usually are thin.
All scars are permanent.
Every scar tells about the body s amazing ability to heal itself.
Many scars are still visible on the island's larger slash pines.
Most scars are on the inside, scars from cruel words, and from painful episodes in our lives.
Some scars actually interfere with the normal function of facial features.
Some scars are a long time healing.
Some scars are beneficial scars in that a disease has been cured.
Some scars are deeper than others.
Some scars are more debilitating and permanent than others.
Some scars are physical.
Some scars become identities.
Some scars even come from boat propellers hitting the animals.
Some scars have trouble.
Some scars never heal.
Some scars require surgery.
Some scars so damage our consciences that they are made to operate improperly.
A scarab is a dung beetle
Scarabs are an ancient symbol of a beetle.
Scarabs are dung beetles.
Scarabs burst from the floor.
Scarabs can be of any size.
Scarabs determine what level spell is being cast.
Scarabs represent identity and independence in one's beliefs.
Many scarabs are scavengers that help recycle dung, carrion, and decaying plants.
Scarboro soil have thicker dark surface layers, are more acid, and are mesic.
Scarce bandwidth means contention and congestion.
Scarce capacity is depleted, and the return on other public investments falls.
Scarce catalog is a great reference material and research tool.
Scarce commodities make people do injurious deeds.
Scarce goods are priceless.
Scarce goods have a cost there are no free lunches.
Much scarce material is included in the collection.
Scarce resources apply to all factions of the community from the cradle to the grave.
Scarce resources call for shrewd horse-trading.
Scarce resources can be more clearly focused, giving leaders greater leverage.
Scarce resources come at a premium price.
Scarce resources force maintenance and construction needs to the bottom of the list.
Scarce resources have to be distributed cautiously and rationally.
Scarce resources is a crucial phrase.
Scarce titles are in green.
Scarcities are the inevitable result.
Scarcities can boost the economic power of small elite groups.
Scarcity aims to be a clearinghouse for web-based information in Manchester.
Scarcity brings value, and value opens doors and purses for design services.
Scarcity can disrupt the equilibrium, causing the system to break down, but so can surplus.
Scarcity creates demand.
Scarcity creates value.
Scarcity derives from modernized poverty.
Scarcity determines value.
Scarcity exists because A. of unlimited resources.
Scarcity exists in all societies.
Scarcity generates innovative mindset.
Scarcity implies choice which, in turn, implies opportunity costs.
Scarcity imposes three fundamental questions on every economy.
Scarcity increases sharply toward the north.
Scarcity is a central fact of the human condition and the starting point for economic analysis.
Scarcity is a concept that covers a wide range.
Scarcity is a deficiency
Scarcity is a fact of life for individuals as well as governments.
Scarcity is a fact of life.
Scarcity is a friend of the seller and challenges the buyer.
Scarcity is a political artifact.
Scarcity is a real and tenacious problem of human existence.
Scarcity is a reality for both individuals and societies.
Scarcity is a time honored tactic.
Scarcity is alien to the original creation and it is ungodly.
Scarcity is always a nice thing.
Scarcity is an unfortunate fact of life, and it is easy to see scarcity itself as unfair.
Scarcity is assumed, being a part of the curse after the fall.
Scarcity is constructed by the demand for the product.
Scarcity is indeed a bitter pill to swallow.
Scarcity is no longer a virtue.
Scarcity is one of the fundamental aspects of our world, both inside and outside of markets.
Scarcity is probably the least understood factor.
Scarcity is really what economics is all about.
Scarcity is situations.
Scarcity is the shadow of greed.
Scarcity is unavoidable and exists when more of a good is desired than is provided by nature.
Scarcity is unknown there. . . .
Scarcity is vital.
Scarcity isa amount.
Scarcity leads to choice and choice implies an opportunity cost.
Scarcity leads to competition.
Scarcity leads to extinction.
Scarcity makes choice unavoidable.
Scarcity means expensive.
Scarcity means that water for bathing and cleaning comes from irrigation ditches.
Scarcity mediates the whole system.
Scarcity occurs when the prices of goods are set too low.
Scarcity occurs when wants exceed resources.
Scarcity occurs when, at a zero price, quantity demanded is greater than quantity supplied.
Scarcity prevails, annual catches drop, and fishers lose money.
Scarcity puts fear into other players.
Scarcity seems to enhance solidarity.
Scarcity then drives migration, conflict, and greater environmental destruction .
Scarcity turns into abundance where there is a living encounter of people.
Scarcity always drives up the price.
Scarcity always forces painful choices.
Most scarcity leads to extinction.
Scare tactics abound.
Scare tactics are another tried and true method to get money.
Scare tactics are effective.
Scare tactics are, and have been, used to obtain such disproportionate funding.
Scare tactics can backfire.
A scare is fear
Scare is worth more than advice.
Scare occurs when there is threat to body or soul.
Scares are fear.
Scares hell out of our wives.
Scares hell out of some performers.
Scares help contributions and book sales.
Scares now appear from above, below, left and right.
Scarecrow Island is composed of glacial boulders and gravel with a rocky substrate.
A scarecrow is a representation
Scarecrow also assumes responsibility for establishing the list price and marketing the book.
Scarecrow also controls squirrels, mailmen and wayward husbands.
Scarecrow is two and a half year old dark brindle boy with long legs and an engaging personality.
Scarecrow isa artifact.
Scarecrow protects against garden intruders day and night.
Scarecrow senses animals the same way security lights and alarms detect people, movement and heat.
Scarecrow senses animals the same way security lights detect people, movement and heat.
Scarecrow sings about a brain.
Scarecrows are a true American art form and they add charm and whimsy to any yard or garden.
Scarecrows are colorful and likeable, just like the book.
Scarecrows are dressed, and pumpkins are painted.
Scarecrows are fun and creative.
Scarecrows are sometimes characters in stories .
Scarecrows are sometimes characters in stories.
Scarecrows can be male or female.
Scarecrows can work well if backed up by shooting to scare.
Scarecrows cease to scare.
Scarecrows find place in gourmet society .
Scarecrows have (part) sections.
Some scarecrows wear uniforms.
Scared bearers have to be whipped.
Scared children learn only to deal with fear, to lie and to pretend.
Scared children learn only to suppress their strongest emotions, like rage and sorrow.
Scared clients are poor evaluators of information.
Scared teens flee from a mustached man in black.
Scared trout run for their lives, giving up morsels of food drifting by while seeking shelter.
Scareds  trembling.
A scarf is a garment
Scarf hold Yoko shiho gatame.
Scarf is designed for fingering weight.
Scarf isa garment.
Scarfs are accessories.
Scarfs are clothing.
Scarfs are garments.
Scarfs are located in drawers.
Scarfs are located in suitcases.
Scarves also come in all kinds of colors and patterns.
Scarves are a great accessory, particularly for summer.
Scarves are acceptable.
Scarves are also available for the ladies.
Scarves are an inexpensive way to change an outfit s look.
Scarves are especially great with classical music.
Scarves are great.
Scarves are the least expensive way to expand a wardrobe.
Scarves are very fashionable and come in an infinite number of colors and patterns.
Scarves can add a whole new look for little cost.
Scarves can be very stylish and attractive.
Scarves can easily blow in a child's face and obstruct vision.
Scarves can fall off and get caught under skate blades causing the skater or others to fall.
Scarves can rub on the microphone and cause unwanted noise.
Scarves come in many different sizes and shapes.
Scarves come in many sizes, shapes, and fabrics.
Scarves come in red, blue, green, purple, turquoise, maroon or gray.
Scarves come in silk and art silk variations.
Scarves do have to be white, however.
Scarves have (part) bands.
Scarves have (part) button holes.
Scarves have (part) collars.
Scarves have (part) cuffs.
Scarves have (part) hems.
Scarves have (part) lap covering.
Scarves have (part) pocket flaps.
Scarves have (part) pockets.
Scarves have (part) sections.
Scarves have (part) skirts.
Scarves have (part) sleeve.
Scarves have (part) stripes.
Scarves have velcro closures for easy on and off and no danger of being hung up.
Scarves made for dogs and cats are available with a unique curved neck.
Scarves protect against dust and wet towels from extreme heat.
Scarves unravel into day passing into night.
Every scarf is individually hand made and therefore unique.
Every scarf is unique in color and design.
Scarlet bluffs gather here to drink and watch deer trip down in dusk.
A scarlet fever is contagion
Scarlet fever appears in England.
Scarlet fever appears together with a streptococcal sore throat .
Scarlet fever begins with a short period of tired feeling.
Scarlet fever differs from streptococcal sore throat chiefly by the presence of a red skin rash.
Scarlet fever is a fairly common childhood illness.
Scarlet fever is a highly infectious disease caused by a strain of the streptococcus bacterium.
Scarlet fever is a rash accompanied by a sore throat caused by the streptococcus bacteria .
Scarlet fever is a self-limited systemic manifestation of streptococcal pharyngitis.
Scarlet fever is a strep throat infection with a rash.
Scarlet fever is caused by group A streptococci bacteria, which also causes strep throat.
Scarlet fever is caused by toxins released by the bacteria.
Scarlet fever is characterized by a bright red skin rash.
Scarlet fever is characterized by a sandpaper like rash.
Scarlet fever is characterized by a sandpaper-like rash.
Scarlet fever is no more dangerous than strep throat, and is treated the same way.
Scarlet fever is now usually such a mild illness that it is often referred to as 'scarlatina'.
Scarlet fever is strep throat with a rash.
Scarlet fever is treated with antibiotics.
Scarlet fever is treated with the same antibiotics as strep throat.
Scarlet fever sounds more frightening than it is.
Scarlet fevers are contagious diseases.
Scarlet fevers are diseases.
Scarlet flowers appear in springs.
Scarlet flowers are likewise worn.
Most scarlet flowers appear in springs.
Scarlet macaws are also able to break open the toughest nuts.
Scarlet macaws are birds.
Scarlet macaws are macaws.
Scarlet macaws are very colorful.
Scarlet macaws eat a variety of fruits, nuts and seeds.
Scarlet macaws eat fruit.
Scarlet macaws feed on fruit.
Scarlet macaws feed on tropical fruit.
Scarlet macaws gather at sunset.
Scarlet macaws have beaks.
Scarlet macaws have curve beaks.
Scarlet macaws have eyes.
Scarlet macaws have large, powerful bodies, making the adults immune to many common bird predators.
Scarlet macaws have vision.
Scarlet macaws have yellow eyes.
Scarlet macaws make sound.
Scarlet macaws prefer rainforests.
Scarlet macaws reach maturity.
Scarlet macaws reach sexual maturity.
Scarlet macaws spend much of their time in treetops.
Most scarlet macaws eat fruit.
Most scarlet macaws feed on fruit.
Most scarlet macaws feed on tropical fruit.
Most scarlet macaws have beaks.
Most scarlet macaws have eyes.
Most scarlet macaws have vision.
Most scarlet macaws have yellow eyes.
Most scarlet macaws make sound.
Most scarlet macaws prefer rainforests.
Most scarlet macaws reach maturity.
Most scarlet macaws reach sexual maturity.
Some scarlet macaws consist of seeds.
Some scarlet macaws have blue feathers.
Some scarlet macaws have blue tail feathers.
Some scarlet macaws have feathers.
Some scarlet macaws have loud voices.
Some scarlet macaws have predators.
Some scarlet macaws have tail feathers.
Some scarlet macaws have voices.
Some scarlet macaws mate for life.
Scarlet oak is a common component of many eastern and central dry upland forests.
Scarlet oak is a popular shade tree and has been widely planted in the United States and Europe.
Scarlet oak is less resistant to basal injury than black oak, white oak, or chestnut oak.
Scarlet oak is oak
Scarlet oak is oak.
Scarlet oak is susceptible to a number of insects and diseases.
Scarlet queens have flesh.
Scarlet queens have white flesh.
Most scarlet queens have flesh.
Most scarlet queens have white flesh.
Scarlet sage has short varieties that bloom early and tall varieties that bloom late.
Scarlet salvia is easy to grow.
Scarlet snakes are uncommon on the Savannah River Site.
Scarlet snakes eat other reptiles and their eggs and, occasionally, rodents.
Scarlet snakes occur throughout most of Arkansas.
A scarlet tanager is a tanager
Scarlet tanagers are a common sight, as are many species of warblers.
Scarlet tanagers eat insects.
Scarlet tanagers establish territory.
Scarlet tanagers inhabit areas.
Most scarlet tanagers eat insects.
Most scarlet tanagers establish territory.
Most scarlet tanagers inhabit areas.
Some scarlet tanagers eat fruit.
Some scarlet tanagers select nest sites.
Some scarlet tanagers select sites.
All scarlet things are red things.
A scarlet is red
Scarlets are different in that they have very long memories.
Scarlets are just sweet, adaptable birds that love to be around a lot of noise and activity.
Scarlets are located in wales.
Scarlets are pin oak, scarlet oak, dogwood, black gum, sassafras.
Scarlets are red.
A scarp is a slope
Scarps are cliffs that form when rocks move along a fault.
Scarps intersecting the caldera appear to be normal faults rather than graben.
All scarps are in colluvium.
Scarred hands are evidence of feisty confrontations.
Scarred muscle can continue to hurt, even in the presence of a fusion.
Scarred skin is ulcer liable.
Scarred warriors are the best.
Scarreds are albums.
Scarsdale residents value the quality of life our community affords.
Scarse data are available on the impact of tick borne diseases on small ruminants productivity.
Scary cats are black.
Scary holiday has ancient roots.
Some scary monster shown here are mola mola and ribbonfish.
Scary movies are a group favorite followed by comedies.
Scary part is that it was really easy for the guy to rig.
Scary part is, some of the chatter is quite funny.
Some scary people style themselves as recruiters and prey on unsuspecting young people.
Scary possibilities make for more interesting headlines, after all.
Some scary rumors are apparently true.
Scary scenes have little blood and gore.
Scary skeleton graces the cover.
Scary sounds are popular again.
Scary stories abound of the money having been siphoned out of Brunei over many years.
Scary stories attract audiences.
Scary thing is, they're probably right.
Scary things are really dangerous.
Scary things jump in the night.
Scary times are indeed ahead.
All SCAT buses are wheelchair accessible and also have a special front door kneeling feature.
All SCAT buses are wheelchair accessible.
All SCAT buses are wheelchair lift equipped.
All SCAT buses can accommodate two wheelchair passengers simultaneously.
SCAT service is also available to senior citizens and disabled citizens through Metro.
A scat is jazz
Scats are black, long and thin, and usually are full of bones, feathers or fur.
Scats are cylindrical dark brown, and primarily animal matter with bones, fur fragments.
Scats are cylindrical dark brown, similar to dogs, full of grasses, leaves, fur and seed fragments.
Scats are jazz.
Scats are ordered according to date collected.
Scats are similar to black bears but larger.
Scats recognizes that all children are unique individuals and learn in different ways.
Scatchard plot has no intercept.
Most scathing letter gets a free subscription for a year.
Scatological humor exists in the form of a humanoid demon comprised entirely of fecal matter.
Some scatological humor occurs during the film.
A scatology is profanity
Scatology is common in British and Japanese sex movies .
Scatology is common in British and Japanese sex movies.
Scatter activity continues to be sluggish.
Scatter celery slices over.
Scatter factor protects epithelial and cancer cells against apoptosis.
Scatter hoarding appears to represent a specialization in memory capacity for spatial locations.
Scatter hoarding is a common means of temporary storage for seeds and bulbs.
Scatter mint leaves around articles to be protected from mice.
Scatter onion slices on foil.
Scatter onion slices over the top, then add garlic.
Scatter particles have motion.
Scatter particles have relative motion.
Most scatter particles have motion.
Most scatter particles have relative motion.
A scatter pin is a pin
Scatter pins are small pins that are worn together in small groups.
Scatter pins are so much fun.
Scatter plots are also easy to make in Excel.
Scatter plots are graphic representations of the relationship between two interval variables.
Scatter plots are similar to line graphs in that they start with mapping quantitative data points.
Scatter plots are useful for illustrating important correlations between variables.
Scatter plots can be misleading.
Scatter plots display data points in one or two dimensions.
Many scatter plots are available.
Scatter radiation can be a significant concern associated with many types of fluoroscopy procedures.
Scatter sausage slices over top.
Scatter baits early in the morning before grasshoppers start to feed.
Scatter cones around the activity area.
Scatter is distribution
Scatter is distribution.
Scatter is spread.
Scatter radishes over salad.
Scatter shapes on top of pie before serving.
Any scatter indicates the accuracy of our equipment.
Scattered boulders are on the surface or embedded in the soil of some pedons.
Scattered clouds have a smaller effect than overcast.
Scattered events fill the weekend.
Scattered females are less likely to be monopolized.
Scattered flowers accent the inner portion of the cloth.
Scattered flowers are still in bloom.
Scattered holdings are available for other cities and countries.
Scattered life is by definition deprived or parasitic.
Scattered mines are more than a just hindrance.
Scattered moonlight affects the upper half of the image.
Scattered neutrons are traveling slower, so they arrive later.
Scattered rain continues to slow harvest.
Scattered sites are no problem.
Scattered storms are likely along the coast and east Texas.
Scattered strikes are politically meaningless.
Scattered study is often better than concentrated study.
Scattered thunderstorms are also likely across the southern half of Florida.
Scattered thunderstorms are common, sometimes bringing localized torrential downpours.
Scattered waves are weak, so high-power transmitters and sensitive receivers are necessary.
Scattering processes can involve the reverse transitions, provided sufficient energy is available.
Scattering is natural processes.
Scattering is part of extinction.
Scattering is showers.
Scattering is spreading.
Scatty blondes have lots of hobbies and tend to be constantly on the move, never keeping still.
Scavengeable romps redeem some wounded fins replete with a surrounding fact of water as the matter.
A scavenger is a chemical agent
Scavenger isa animal.
Scavenger isa beast.
Scavenger isa creature.
Scavengers also hoard lithium from camera and car batteries.
Scavengers also reduce the prevention of infectious tissues.
Scavengers also require a tremendous sense of smell, to locate carrion.
Scavengers also scamper to the site to feast on the remains.
Scavengers appear to have visited the site after decomposition was advanced.
Scavengers are also consumers, but they wait for their prey to die first.
Scavengers are an important part of the food web because they clean up the environment.
Scavengers are animals that consume dead animals.
Scavengers are animals that eat dead plant and animal tissue.
Scavengers are animals that eat organisms that are already dead.
Scavengers are animals that eat the remain of decayed organisms and plants.
Scavengers are animals that feed on carrion, the dead flesh of animals, prey, caught by predators.
Scavengers are animals that feed on dead members of different trophic levels.
Scavengers are animals that feed on dead or injured animals.
Scavengers are animals that feed on the dead bodies of other organisums.
Scavengers are animals.
Scavengers are bereft of a sense of place and permanence.
Scavengers are carnivores.
Scavengers are chemical agents.
Scavengers are found throughout the animal kingdom.
Scavengers are organisms similar to omnivores except they also feed on the bodies of dead organisms.
Scavengers are organisms that can eat plants, animals, or the remains of other organisms.
Scavengers are organisms that feed on refuse or dead organisms called carrion .
Scavengers are organisms that feed on refuse.
Scavengers are probably the third largest group.
Scavengers are wild animals.
Scavengers can attack pinned specimens and destroy a collection in a matter of weeks.
Scavengers can be great aids in consuming uneaten food.
Scavengers can carry diseases into other populations.
Scavengers can contract the disease from infected dead animals.
Scavengers collect metal, plastics, beer bottles, etc.
Scavengers consume animals.
Scavengers consume dead animals.
Scavengers consume decaying organisms and animals that have been killed by other animals.
Scavengers consume the soft tissues of animals.
Scavengers depend on non-microscopic dead animals.
Scavengers depend on others to kill their prey, and then eat the remains.
Scavengers eat all the leftovers and other dead organisms.
Scavengers eat animals that are already dead.
Scavengers eat animals.
Scavengers eat away large parts of the animals body.
Scavengers eat dead organisms.
Scavengers eat only dead animals and it help our ecosystem, environment stay clean.
Scavengers eat organisms.
Scavengers eat the bodies of animals that have died or have been killed.
Scavengers eat the food that has been killed and left behind by predators.
Scavengers feed an dead animals.
Scavengers feed on animals.
Scavengers feed on carcasses of the animal killed by the carnivores.
Scavengers feed on dead animal matter.
Scavengers feed on dead animals.
Scavengers feed on dead animals.
Scavengers feed on dead or decaying material.
Scavengers feed on dead organisms.
Scavengers feed on decay matter.
Scavengers feed on decay organic matter.
Scavengers feed on decompose plants.
Scavengers feed on food.
Scavengers feed on matter.
Scavengers feed on organic matter.
Scavengers feed on organisms.
Scavengers feed on plants.
Scavengers have (part) brains.
Scavengers have (part) cell membranes.
Scavengers have (part) cells.
Scavengers have (part) corpi.
Scavengers have (part) cytoplasm.
Scavengers have (part) ears.
Scavengers have (part) faces.
Scavengers have (part) heads.
Scavengers have (part) nuclei.
Scavengers have (part) plasma membranes.
Scavengers have (part) sections.
Scavengers have (part) skulls.
Scavengers have (part) vacuoles.
Scavengers include carnivorous crabs.
Scavengers include crabs.
Scavengers include hermit crabs.
Scavengers ingest materials.
Scavengers ingest solid materials.
Scavengers inhabit regions.
Scavengers inhabit wilderness regions.
Scavengers pick through dumps and trash on streets for valuable items.
Scavengers play an important role in the ecosystem by consuming the dead animal and plant material.
Scavengers play an important role the food web.
Scavengers pose danger.
Scavengers prepare bodies for decomposers.
Scavengers respond to bait.
Scavengers respond to fish bait.
Scavengers sort out wastes from dust bin and garbage.
Scavengers wait expectantly for the daily load of Guatemala City's garbage to be unloaded.
Every scavenger provides a service to our ecosystem.
Many scavengers are a type of carnivore , which is an organism that eats meat.
Most scavengers are beneficial.
Most scavengers consume animals.
Most scavengers consume dead animals.
Most scavengers consume detritus rather than flesh and deep sea animals can feed on both.
Most scavengers eat animals.
Most scavengers eat dead organisms.
Most scavengers eat organisms.
Most scavengers feed on animals.
Most scavengers feed on dead animal matter.
Most scavengers feed on dead animals.
Most scavengers feed on dead organisms.
Most scavengers feed on decay matter.
Most scavengers feed on decay organic matter.
Most scavengers feed on decompose plants.
Most scavengers feed on food.
Most scavengers feed on matter.
Most scavengers feed on organic matter.
Most scavengers feed on organisms.
Most scavengers feed on plants.
Most scavengers ingest solid materials.
Most scavengers inhabit regions.
Most scavengers inhabit wilderness regions.
Most scavengers pose danger.
Most scavengers respond to bait.
Most scavengers respond to fish bait.
Some scavengers eat decay flesh.
Some scavengers eat flesh.
Some scavengers eat grain.
Some scavengers feed on algas.
Some scavengers feed on dead insects.
Some scavengers feed on insects.
Some scavengers feed on seaweed.
Some scavengers only eat carrion, while others can also eat plants or fruit.
Some scavengers take advantage.
SCCA competition delivers the best amateur racing in the Northeast.
SCCA events are subject to change.
SCCA members are eligible for points in the Dixie Region Solo II series.
SCCA members handle vehicle inspection as well as the timing and flagging of performance events.
Scenario analyses are useful in illustrating the variability and uncertainty of long-term forecasts.
Scenario analysis can be an effective qualitative technique for enhancing strategic planning.
Scenario analysis can be quite instructive if past data are highly variable.
Scenario analysis is a means to shed light on the possibilities for the future.
Scenario analysis is the process of generating and analyzing a small set of scenarios.
Scenario analysis takes a very different tack.
Scenario building is a technique used by a wide variety of organizations.
Scenario calculations include density equations.
Scenario calculations include equations.
Scenario planning begins by identifying the focal issue or decision.
Scenario planning can help reduce uncertainty about the future.
Scenario planning combines possibilities to form a manageable set of scenarios.
Scenario planning follows systematic phases to develop scenarios with carefully constructed plots.
Scenario planning has nothing to do with planning.
Scenario planning is a practitioner's art.
Scenario planning is a useful technique for trying to understand the future.
Scenario planning is intellectually rich and challenging.
Scenario planning is many things.
Scenario planning is misnamed.
Scenario planning is used to present the key themes arising from the qualitative research analysis.
Scenario planning takes an alternative approach.
Scenario planning takes for granted the future is unknowable in detail.
Scenario testing is iterative.
Scenario testing is used to reinforce learned concepts.
Scenario thinking is a structured process for gazing into the future.
Scenario writers take part in a very challenging on-site competition.
A scenario is a script
Scenario comes with party trainer.
Scenario even asks the writers for their choice of draft, one that represents their original vision.
Scenario features change of itinerary, variety of experiences.
Scenario features change, travel, ability to increase earnings.
Scenario features change, travel, variety, success in writing.
Scenario features change, travel, variety.
Scenario features children, challenge, change and variety.
Scenario features familiar faces, places.
Scenario features familiar faces.
Scenario features familiar places, faces.
Scenario features fire of passion.
Scenario features fun, frolic, vindication.
Scenario features greater freedom of thought, action.
Scenario features home, family, music, fulfillment of romantic notions.
Scenario features home, music, marriage.
Scenario features humor, travel and flirtation.
Scenario features promotion, production and more responsibility.
Scenario features public debates, willingness to fight if cause is right.
Scenario features short trips, reunions with relatives.
Scenario highlights children, challenge and variety.
Scenario highlights clandestine operations, secrets and being away from the public.
Scenario highlights familiar faces, places.
Scenario highlights food and love.
Scenario Imagine it is it is the start of the first day s session.
Scenario involves travel.
Scenario is a common partitioning dimension.
Scenario is a summitive exercise.
Scenario is an application designed for working with drama texts in an interactive way.
Scenario is included.
Scenario is scary, situation is tight, stomach is in knots.
Scenario isa assumption.
Scenario publishes the writer's preferred draft.
Scenario refers to a fictional battle.
Scenario showing a stripe set, one member fails.
Scenario takes place at dusk, on a cold rainy day, in the Midwestern United States.
Scenario wavs now play even when the foldername is spelled wrong.
Scenario When visualizing a problem, it often helps to have a reference example.
Scenarios add who, why and how to the picture.
Scenarios address structural adjustments, immigration and pesticide regulation.
Scenarios allow for world wide exploration and expansion.
Scenarios allow for world-wide exploration and expansion.
Scenarios are a contextual certificate.
Scenarios are a flexible tool to aid in the design process.
Scenarios are a way of thinking about the future.
Scenarios are a way of using our understanding of the present to form views of possible futures.
Scenarios are also of great value in obtaining eventual user acceptance of new or changing systems.
Scenarios are always tense.
Scenarios are ambitious hypotheses.
Scenarios are appropriate tools for dealing with such uncertainty.
Scenarios are different kinds of hypotheses.
Scenarios are dynamic.
Scenarios are fairly straight forward.
Scenarios are fictional representations of alternative futures, focused on particular issues.
Scenarios are fictional stories with characters, tasks products, events and environments.
Scenarios are fictional stories, with characters, events, products, and environments.
Scenarios are generally specific to a particular set of rules.
Scenarios are good, and the game has a great flavor of the engagement.
Scenarios are graphic and dynamic, revealing the flow of an evolving future.
Scenarios are graphic, fairly coherent and contradiction-less descriptions of possible futures.
Scenarios are ideal for team building, decision making and thinking skills practice.
Scenarios are images of the future, or alternative futures.
Scenarios are input as proportions of acres in the age class to receive each treatment.
Scenarios are instances of interactions.
Scenarios are just informed guesses.
Scenarios are likely to focus on junctions, overtaking and use of speed.
Scenarios are much the same as in paintball and are simulations of military challenges.
Scenarios are narrative descriptions of interactions between users and proposed systems.
Scenarios are on individual cards.
Scenarios are outlines of possible futures.
Scenarios are pertinent, plausible, alternative futures.
Scenarios are powerful planning tools precisely because the future is unpredictable.
Scenarios are powerful tools in the design process.
Scenarios are premises.
Scenarios are prepared which represent typical work settings and job tasks.
Scenarios are projections without the claim of clairvoyance.
Scenarios are scripts.
Scenarios are seductive.
Scenarios are setting.
Scenarios are specific examples of a use case.
Scenarios are stories that give meaning to events.
Scenarios are stories, descriptions of how things can plausibly evolve.
Scenarios are the third leverage point.
Scenarios are too difficult.
Scenarios are tools for helping organizations take a long view in a world of great uncertainty.
Scenarios are used in order to estimate climate changes effects on crop development and yield.
Scenarios are varied and challenging.
Scenarios are varied including rabbit, hospital, capture the flag, attack and defend, and others.
Scenarios are way too short and uninvolved.
Scenarios are written as long-term predictions of the future.
Scenarios begin at several tool than was badminton rackets.
Scenarios begin on an overland map that has been divided into square hexes.
Scenarios buy sneakers.
Scenarios buy tennis rackets.
Scenarios can be particularly powerful tools for group decision-making.
Scenarios can help identify usability targets and likely task completion times.
Scenarios can reference cards and other scenarios.
Scenarios can reference cards or other scenarios.
Scenarios can serve to train decision-makers to recognise signals in a timely way.
Scenarios can use sketches, scripts, photographs, videos, computer simulations, sound.
Scenarios cause across an orange either gave georgia tech helmet.
Scenarios challenge students to use critical thinking skills efficiently and effectively.
Scenarios clarify an evolving agreement between requesters and development teams.
Scenarios combine elements of past records and current conditions.
Scenarios consist of image editing functions, file operations and other functions.
Scenarios converse allstar chuck taylor shoes.
Scenarios crack until all batting cage nets.
Scenarios depend up whatever age than remember womens mockneck tee.
Scenarios described above are more in keeping with climate variability.
Scenarios differ widely in breadth and scope.
Scenarios do just that.
Scenarios earn on the island meanwhile discuss shooting coats.
Scenarios establish realism to elicit responses from participants, measurable against the plan.
Scenarios explore active learning in three humanities courses.
Scenarios fall into two categories, direct scenarios and indirect scenrarios.
Scenarios focus on job-related language skills and elements of communication theory.
Scenarios formalize the process of cataloging functions called from a function.
Scenarios have (part) language units.
Scenarios have problems.
Scenarios have the ability to combine both qualitative and quantitative data in imaginative ways.
Scenarios help with many areas of development.
Scenarios highlight problems from above.
Scenarios illustrate teachers' and students' behaviors during the toilet paper change exploration.
Scenarios illustrate, for teacher discussion, some kinds of bullying behaviour.
Scenarios illustrates both correct and incorrect procedures to ensure respect for patient rights.
Scenarios include fluid motion.
Scenarios include motion.
Scenarios introduce each chapter.
Scenarios involve capability.
Scenarios involve matter.
Scenarios involve transformations of data, external interfaces to data, and local storage of data.
Scenarios involving some other types of nuclear weapons are harder to dismiss out of hand.
Scenarios Let's see how the different types of employees react to different situations.
Scenarios make play attractive.
Scenarios match user personas with their related critical task.
Scenarios Napol on in Russia offers no connected campaign, instead offering only scenarios.
Scenarios now being suggested are all very dangerous.
Scenarios offer possibility.
Scenarios provide a great framework for that.
Scenarios provide a variety of theories of the world.
Scenarios provide a vehicle for exploring all of the important aspects of the interface.
Scenarios provide guidance for emergency managers.
Scenarios range from repair to total demolition and site redevelopment.
Scenarios range from second half overtime craziness to suspenseful goalie shootouts.
Scenarios Read carefully the scenarios below.
Scenarios realize throughout some wind once melt Chat teen.
Scenarios realize throughout some wind once melt Pre teen chat rooms.
Scenarios realize throughout some wind once melt Snowboarding trick.
Scenarios replay current business situations.
Scenarios represented are from actual cases.
Scenarios require about one hour to complete.
Scenarios require transportation.
Scenarios reveal the flow process of an evolving future.
Scenarios revolve around evolving story line and special combat situations.
Scenarios ride Memory upon wine until that navy seal watch nor forgave except either articles.
Scenarios rise Four over few noon from a uncle.
Scenarios seize out several boxes however supply nightwing.
Scenarios show there is no simple way to reach sustainability.
Scenarios specify how users carry out their tasks in a specified context.
Scenarios stay on our server for six months.
Scenarios tend to focus on current process and change based on current process.
Scenarios vary depending on the age of the birthday child.
Scenarios vary in balance too, some do put one side up against it through sheer odds of numbers.
Scenarios vary in scale, but the units remain the same.
Scenarios vary widely.
Scenarios view onto any meat when try housewives.
Scenarios work a bit differently than mods, but only in one particular area.
All scenarios are equally sound.
All scenarios are possible.
All scenarios are semi-random by design, so that they can be replayed many times.
All scenarios describe futures that are generally more affluent than today .
All scenarios describe futures that are generally more affluent than today.
All scenarios follow the same basic format.
All scenarios incorporate the same moderate assumptions about future fertility and mortality.
All scenarios involve organic compounds.
All scenarios look much the same for the next few decades, and all rely heavily on fossil fuels.
All scenarios represent opinions at the time the survey was taken.
All scenarios revolve around a customer service theme.
All scenarios shown leave inventories low through the winter.
Any scenario has subjective elements and is open to various interpretations.
Any scenario is a long shot, even supporters agree.
Any scenario necessarily includes subjective elements and is open to various interpretations.
Every scenario creates a new pattern of inter-linked fractional actions.
Every scenario has multiple solutions.
Every scenario is different.
Every scenario is possible.
Every scenario needs a custom solution.
Many scenarios are possible, but all have a low probability of occurring.
Many scenarios are possible.
Many scenarios benefit from the airmobile system.
Many scenarios can lead to fires and or release of toxic gasses.
Many scenarios can take place but here's what results in two mommies.
Many scenarios can unfold, but the net result is an accident waiting to happen.
Many scenarios cover almost all of Europe, in fact.
Many scenarios require that files be transferred between servers over LANs and WANs.
Most scenarios have problems.
Most scenarios involve capability.
Most scenarios involve matter.
Most scenarios offer possibility.
Most scenarios require transportation.
Some scenarios actually encourage irresponsibility in our present world.
Some scenarios are more critical than others.
Some scenarios are really buggy.
Some scenarios are short and simple, others are more complex.
Some scenarios assume economic growth.
Some scenarios assume growth.
Some scenarios assume low economic growth.
Some scenarios assume phases.
Some scenarios base on indicators.
Some scenarios base on projections.
Some scenarios have enough water.
Some scenarios have identical beginnings and different conclusions.
Some scenarios have more recon info than others.
Some scenarios have specific time limits.
Some scenarios have variability.
Some scenarios have water.
Some scenarios illustrate danger.
Some scenarios involving unusual forms of matter are indeed very sensitive.
Some scenarios lead to a black hole and others to a naked singularity.
Some scenarios lead to evolution.
Some scenarios lead to fertilization.
Some scenarios lead to production.
Some scenarios lead to success.
Some scenarios make intuitive senses.
Some scenarios make senses.
Some scenarios predict temperature.
Some scenarios provide management.
Some scenarios provide overviews.
Some scenarios provide scenarios.
Some scenarios relate to operations.
Some scenarios require an element of danger and risk.
Some scenarios require skills.
Some scenarios require small additional registration fees of their own. while others are free.
Some scenarios require unique skills.
Some scenarios use for comparison.
Scene mode is a compilation of panoramas and objects.
Scene one begins with an almost excruciatingly long Pinteresque pause.
Scene one begins with the witches, accepted symbols of evil.
Scene one is their discovery and choosing to be together.
Scene one opens dramatically in black, gold and blue.
Scene shop is located right of stage.
Scene study is used to apply concentration principles.
Scene study is used.
A scene is an area
Scene are movie words.
Scene begins with doctor sitting on one of the chairs.
Scene brings together the triplets for the first time.
Scene change detection in a mpeg compressed video sequence.
Scene changes back to an unknown somewhere, sometime The show was nearly over.
Scene changes on one multi-functional set.
Scene changes to knights riding past.
Scene changes to show a high priest of a tribe in the northern part of Colombia.
Scene changing is done in full view of the audience so the sceneshifters themselves become actors.
Scene comes up.
Scene continues with arrival of police.
Scene depicts a pair enjoying the fruit of a raid on an orchard.
Scene does a great job with local links, but doesn t seem to have a lot of national ones.
Scene ends when narrator has placed seedlings in the planting bag.
Scene follows perfunctory scene to the film's foregone conclusion.
Scene follows scene until one realizes that all of the scenes are rendered more or less uniformly.
Scene gets really, really ugly.
Scene has both very bright and very dark areas.
Scene has content , a whole piece, beginning, middle, end.
Scene has many changes of pace .
Scene has many changes of pace.
Scene has no progression.
Scene has two figures in lively action in tondo, textured border pattern and lug handle.
Scene Have the students bring in a newspaper article to share with a small group.
Scene is a room with obvious cheese in the middle.
Scene is almost geometrically balanced.
Scene is an antichrist.
Scene is between two towers.
Scene is bordered with tan.
Scene is done on each side and is in fine overall condition.
Scene is from a balcony just north of downtown Atlanta looking to the southeast.
Scene is in a cave.
Scene is in a rustic shed supported by tree-trunk pillers.
Scene is in a stable.
Scene is in an inhabited arch .
Scene is in medallion decorated with vine and flowers.
Scene is of a beautiful bay on top of a knoll, with setting sun in background.
Scene is of a lake and mountains, Excellent condition.
Scene is of a tasteful, erotic vision requiring some nudity.
Scene is on the dome of inner narthex.
Scene is presented to the entire group.
Scene is repeated three times on the pot.
Scene is semi clothed on the beach looking out at the ocean with cliffs in background.
Scene is struggle of wills.
Scene is the initial scene.
Scene is titled.
Scene is viewed from the southeast, with topography vertically exaggerated.
Scene is weird, go outside the nine dots and make choices off the wall.
Scene is weird, make choices off the wall , outside the nine dots.
Scene isa location.
Scene lacks spontaneity and reality .
Scene lacks spontaneity and reality.
Scene lasts about half an hour.
Scene lasts no more than two seconds.
Scene leading up to Bathtub scene is good.
Scene lights on.
Scene lose Million like love under lots bomb manufacturing instead race over few meadow.
Scene moves to bedroom.
Scene now switches to a Spanish beach.
Scene offers guests a cozy, private suite with one or two bedrooms, sitting room, kitchen and bath.
Scene opens at a makeout party.
Scene opens to three runners stretching and preparing to run a race.
Scene opens with a film of parents and their child looking at a photograph album.
Scene opens with an exterior of a huge indoor stadium.
Scene plays a bit, channel again changes.
Scene repeats endlessly until one or both animals is summoned inside.
Scene reports from Finland and Oslo, Norway.
Scene returns to psychiatrist's office.
Scene reverts back to the three men on the park bench.
Scene setting' puts the plan in context and helps explain local priorities for transport investment.
Scene shows a horse- faced butler nosing from behind portieres.
Scene shows kids playing out front.
Scene specifies the scene of the frame.
Scene sports an event calender, messages from ravers, and all sorts of other stuff.
Scene succeds scene, filled with movement, passion and unbelievable heroism.
Scene swallow away few bush nor hunt rose electronics.
Scene switches to a big thaw.
Scene takes place outside a church.
Scene turns to night time.
Scene work from several major periods and styles is required.
Scene work from the various historical periods is studied.
Scene work with actors outside the class is required.
Scenes act to set up a question and interest.
Scenes address how homophobia hurts everybody.
Scenes alternate between extremely grainy to unnaturally clear to a shaky-cam style.
Scenes appear in rapid succession, like cinematic cross-cutting.
Scenes appear out of nowhere, with no logical beginning.
Scenes appear to be missing.
Scenes are a thing of small magnitude, yet a scene is complete in itself.
Scenes are also good for creating company logos.
Scenes are also useful for displaying multiple views at the same time.
Scenes are always social situations.
Scenes are areas.
Scenes are beautiful.
Scenes are brief and to the point.
Scenes are brief, to the point, then over.
Scenes are capable of locations.
Scenes are drama.
Scenes are equivalent to scenes in movies.
Scenes are explicit, sometimes gory, and are set to a background song.
Scenes are graphic art.
Scenes are groups of shots which exhibit some consistency in the context of the plot of the video.
Scenes are humorous, tense, tragic, sentimental and moving.
Scenes are important to keep the pace moving.
Scenes are in chronological order.
Scenes are incidents.
Scenes are individual compositions that together form the sonic movie.
Scenes are located in movies.
Scenes are located in play.
Scenes are never overwritten and no strings are left dangling.
Scenes are of the Atlantic Ocean from Connecticut and New Jersey.
Scenes are often much longer than necessary.
Scenes are only available to member institutions.
Scenes are part of acts.
Scenes are part of movies.
Scenes are pictures.
Scenes are serious, comic, serio-comic and musical.
Scenes are shapeless and often lead nowhere.
Scenes are sometimes memories, sometimes visions and at other times illustrations.
Scenes are suitable for performance, and require three actors and no sets.
Scenes are too bright or too dark.
Scenes are units of action based around actual events.
Scenes are used for movies.
Scenes are used for paint.
Scenes below are from practice visitation scenarios done in class.
Scenes can be fun between long-term couples, too.
Scenes can be long or short, crammed with activity or contemplative.
Scenes can be of people, objects, pictures, or title cards.
Scenes can contain multiple locations, or just one location.
Scenes can involve complex images such as lying on a beach in a deserted cove.
Scenes can show how multiple products relate to each other with an artistic flare.
Scenes change as the orb's story goes on.
Scenes change drastically, without too much foreshadowing.
Scenes come and go, but bands emerge from scenes a lot.
Scenes consist of long deep zooms into the various mathematical spaces under study.
Scenes consist of wild explosions of bullets, with limbs flying every direction.
Scenes contain a drawable, a camera, a device, and several stacks.
Scenes contribute to development.
Scenes depicted include an aerial view of Mt. Shasta and a lodgepole pine tree blasted by ice.
Scenes depicting witches consorting with pot-bellied devils are especially grotesque.
Scenes describe what happens where and when.
Scenes describe which events happen over time.
Scenes do work in with the backgrounds, however that is the extent.
Scenes drag on.
Scenes emphasize the integration of families into the life of the child care center.
Scenes end with four of the relations talking in unison as in a Greek chorus.
Scenes evolve in the same manner that real-world changes occur.
Scenes evolve through the songs.
Scenes evolve with foley or wild sound throughout.
Scenes evolve, in the same manner that real-world changes occur.
Scenes explode with vibrant energy, allowing readers to see through the characters' eyes.
Scenes flash before the audience in frenzied, rapid fire sequences.
Scenes focus mainly on the rack, including trains ascending and descending.
Scenes focuses on concept development and language acquisition.
Scenes freeze and actors talk directly to the camera like a play.
Scenes freeze and then unfreeze at a moments notice.
Scenes go in in prison in the meantime.
Scenes go on forever without adding new information or tonal amplification.
Scenes go on too long.
Scenes have a skittish rhythm, each short unit of action ending with a quick fade to black.
Scenes have a variety of purposes.
Scenes have goals.
Scenes have senses.
Scenes hold the description of what, when and where things happen.
Scenes involving fog banks and other natural elements hold up very well.
Scenes just seem to go on, and on, and on.
Scenes make narration point of view, chapters.
Scenes make their point without needing to be underlined.
Scenes misfire at least as often as they catch fire.
Scenes missing here are either dreams or unconnected events.
Scenes occur around the perimeter of the audience.
Scenes occur in front of, in, and around the fast food joint.
Scenes organise a movie into categories.
Scenes progress slowly and go on too long.
Scenes read and critiqued in class.
Scenes recreate the lore and mysticism of the spirits of the dead.
Scenes run the gamut from hilarious to uncomfortable to unwatchable.
Scenes seem designed more for cuteness than believability.
Scenes shift in a wistful way.
Scenes shift with a jarring click and flash of dislocating light.
Scenes show different places.
Scenes show false balconies and pillars, archways, and imitation marble.
Scenes show many close up details along with stop action shots for study of details.
Scenes show places.
Scenes show staff moving quickly, hauling food carts, holding onto residents' wheelchairs.
Scenes show take places.
Scenes show two bilingual classrooms and seven different families participating at home.
Scenes show use for mixing wine as well.
Scenes slip and slide from past to present.
Scenes start seemingly in the middle of important conversations.
Scenes start to grow and take form.
Scenes stretch to the breaking point with sexual tension.
Scenes subtly change colour or burst into bloom, then rapidly bleed of colour.
Scenes swiftly blend into one another.
Scenes take only minutes.
Scenes take place in alleys, subways and at night.
Scenes take place in old palaces and modern mansions.
Scenes tell the story of the discovery of gold and the development of farming and industry.
Scenes trail off into nothingness and gags fall flat.
Scenes use high quality images and movies.
Scenes vary according to neighbourhood, style, sexual persuasion and degree of sanity.
Scenes vary from place to place.
Scenes vary from rolling hillsides and farms to a large steel mill.
Scenes vary from the blurbs and titles of pulp novels to the women.
Scenes vary in size depending on subject.
Scenes wander without direction.
Scenes work within a single house code.
Scenes always have goals.
Scenes often illustrate funerary celebrations, rites, symbols, and daily events.
Scenes often take place underwater or in large, echo-prone rooms and chambers.
Scenes sometimes shift suddenly, bewildering the characters almost as much as the reader.
Scenes usually contain a mix of spoken dialogue and musical arias.
Scenes usually end limply.
All scenes above are available in Victorian stands.
All scenes are complete with computerized audio-animatronic characters.
All scenes below are available in Victorian stands.
All scenes can have hair color changed and can be complexion toned if desired.
All scenes contain snow.
All scenes depict a male harassing a female.
All scenes has content , a whole piece.
All scenes take place in a dude ranch sitting room.
All scenes take place in a high school gymnasium or other appropriate hall.
All scenes take place in the stage AND audience area of a theatre or dinner theatre.
Any scene needs a minimum of three things.
Any scene shot here is bound to be an eye catcher, let alone a whole movie.
Every scene advances the narrative or builds character.
Every scene bursts with awesome comic detail.
Every scene can be an ending.
Every scene can convey female strength and wisdom.
Every scene challenges reality.
Every scene contains both a pencil, and at least one penny.
Every scene contains humor and personality.
Every scene follows the themes.
Every scene goes for broke.
Every scene has a beginning .
Every scene has a purpose .
Every scene has a purpose.
Every scene has at least one memorable quote.
Every scene has bulls, coming to calls, fighting, rutting and being stalked.
Every scene has laughs, and no scene is merely a setup for a later gag.
Every scene has realistic gravity and an obvious personal touch.
Every scene has to have something to embellish the story, to add . . .
Every scene here contains the most gruesome visuals possible.
Every scene is a beauty to behold.
Every scene is a slice of life.
Every scene is a special effect.
Every scene is a winner.
Every scene is an exercise in style.
Every scene is an incredible piece of art.
Every scene is composed of small parts which stand in some relationship to each other.
Every scene is concept as a fictive situation, where the player arrives.
Every scene is considered as good play.
Every scene is crafted as if it was an individual masterpiece of art.
Every scene is crafted to perfection.
Every scene is dark and depressing.
Every scene is directed at the same crude pitch.
Every scene is drawn, every scene is different.
Every scene is executed with immaculate precision and meticulous attention to detail.
Every scene is filled with tasteless humor, dialogue and jokes.
Every scene is framed like a picture, painted by a master of the era.
Every scene is full of oranges, greens, reds, grays, and even some pink.
Every scene is good.
Every scene is highly charged and aesthetically exciting.
Every scene is hyped for maximum value.
Every scene is important and every word has meaning.
Every scene is important, every performance spot-on.
Every scene is in place and moves the story forward.
Every scene is in vibrant, mostly primary colors, right down to the pillows on the couch.
Every scene is indexed and just a click of the remote or mouse away.
Every scene is laboured and clumsy.
Every scene is like a painting from a master, every detail in place, and every action planned.
Every scene is packed with realistic details.
Every scene is perfect.
Every scene is planned out and executed well.
Every scene is plausible and impressive.
Every scene is played at the same level.
Every scene is rich with detail that all seems to relate to the story.
Every scene is set in a different location, with some kind of new activity going on.
Every scene is shot in gray and blue to add to the serious mood.
Every scene is shot to maximum spookiness.
Every scene is shot to perfection.
Every scene is something new.
Every scene is something that they get excited about.
Every scene is souped up with glossy costumes and jacked-up camera movements.
Every scene is static and ultimately lifeless.
Every scene is too long.
Every scene is up close and personal.
Every scene is utterly predictable.
Every scene is visually stunning.
Every scene is well crafted, framed like a gothic masterpiece.
Every scene is, internally, well written, directed,and photographed.
Every scene look for two guys in a ring.
Every scene looks like a perfect screenshot come to life.
Every scene needs a camera.
Every scene plays out like a possible ending to the film, but then another scene starts.
Every scene plays two ways.
Every scene set at the camp is hilarious.
Every scene takes three, four, five or more days to play out and nothing ever happens.
Every scene teaches an important safety lesson.
Many scenes are depictions of their lives before and after their exile.
Many scenes are funny, where modern things meet old-fashioned people.
Many scenes are just filler packed around a single gag.
Many scenes are memorable.
Many scenes are no more than an excuse to show some barely legal flesh.
Many scenes are quite detailed, containing lots of tiny objects.
Many scenes are recognizable from earlier movies.
Many scenes are short lived and of no consequence and are, therefore, soon forgotten.
Many scenes are so inept as to beggar description.
Many scenes are today no more than names on the map of modern Beijing.
Many scenes are very interesting.
Many scenes are visually rich.
Many scenes contain sexual references and innuendo.
Many scenes feature actors of one race telling how many people of some other race live in Brooklyn.
Many scenes feel half-finished, and others never seem to have a point.
Many scenes give the appearance of a painting set before the viewer.
Many scenes go on too long without a worthwhile payoff.
Many scenes have men pledging friendship with one another or pledging their loyalty to Mina.
Many scenes involve graphic material, and it's a violent flick too.
Many scenes involve the couple in extended bouts of drinking in a grungy tavern.
Many scenes involving therapists have a documentary-like ambience.
Many scenes run on too long.
Many scenes seem forced while others appear to be abridged or missing altogether.
Many scenes use a bit of both methods of animation.
More scenes are available on the web site.
Most scenes are dialogue driven, but again, the mixes offer a pleasant and effective treatment here.
Most scenes are indistinguishable from a fictional film.
Most scenes are under lit or poorly lit.
Most scenes are vividly realistic, with a beautiful range of cold colors and tones.
Most scenes contribute to development.
Most scenes end in farce.
Most scenes have senses.
Most scenes have to be covered from a variety of angles.
Most scenes look quite good, in fact.
Most scenes only require a general stage wash.
Most scenes require three or more lights to bring out the form of the objects in the scene.
Most scenes show different places.
Most scenes show places.
Most scenes start in metaphase.
Most scenes take place at the oil drilling plant where the worms are scarce.
Most scenes use different textures.
Most scenes use understated humor and employ an interesting, easy-going style.
Some scene setting is in order.
Some scenes appear grainy, but they are supposed to.
Some scenes are a bit naugthy.
Some scenes are a bit too grainy, but the overall look is pleasing.
Some scenes are altogether impossible to decipher.
Some scenes are bloody.
Some scenes are breath taking, too much violence.
Some scenes are brilliant.
Some scenes are commonplace, with a quiet sensuousness.
Some scenes are difficult to watch but it's worth it.
Some scenes are downright clinical in nature.
Some scenes are extended to focus more on the religious views of the inmates.
Some scenes are extremely graphic and disturbing.
Some scenes are extremely powerful and restrained, and others go over the top.
Some scenes are hilarious.
Some scenes are in full color.
Some scenes are intense.
Some scenes are just one tier featuring only the emperor and empress.
Some scenes are laugh out loud hilarious but others are quite grim.
Some scenes are less successful and marr what is basically a decent film.
Some scenes are more challenging than others.
Some scenes are more embarrassing than others.
Some scenes are nonsensical.
Some scenes are quite violent, as well.
Some scenes are real, others are a more obvious parody, and a few are total comedy.
Some scenes are sexually explicit.
Some scenes are similar, but others have changed greatly.
Some scenes are slightly soft, likely owing to the original transfer elements.
Some scenes are so violent they're barely watchable.
Some scenes are storyreels with music and sound, others, with rough animation.
Some scenes are totally imaginary.
Some scenes are truly, inventively bizarre.
Some scenes are, in fact, so beautiful that they are deserving of a frame.
Some scenes breeze by airily, while others seem to trudge along.
Some scenes can be pretty fuzzy while other scenes are incredibly sharp.
Some scenes can lead to an untimely demise for our canine friend.
Some scenes contain flattened homes as far as the eye can see and a body sniffing dog.
Some scenes contain nudity.
Some scenes depict the dead and wounded, bristling with arrows.
Some scenes display more vibrant and natural looking colors, while some scenes appear faded.
Some scenes do go on for a tad too long.
Some scenes do help to flesh out the characters a bit more.
Some scenes edge toward slapstick.
Some scenes feature smoking.
Some scenes go on a little long.
Some scenes have the aftertaste of spent gunpowder.
Some scenes help entrepreneurs.
Some scenes just play softer than others.
Some scenes look better than others and some look bad, but most look solid, which is good news.
Some scenes look pristine and show no problems at all, while others seem loaded with flecks.
Some scenes look sharp and vivid, while others look grainy and full of artifacts.
Some scenes look terrific others are questionable.
Some scenes look very fuzzy and bland, while the print shows heavy debris and damage as well.
Some scenes look worse than others, but some look excellent, with no marks at all to be seen.
Some scenes play well without any narration.
Some scenes provide good opportunity.
Some scenes provide opportunity.
Some scenes represent sunrise.
Some scenes require one or more additional people around at the beginning.
Some scenes require the usage of the mouse, followed by a command from the keyboard.
Some scenes run on too long, and the climax is dragged out far beyond the time it deserves.
Some scenes seem disjointed in their juxtaposition with what's before or after.
Some scenes seem unfinished.
Some scenes show crews.
Some scenes show crowds.
Some scenes show heavy wear, while others look pristine, it's a mixed bag.
Some scenes show the resolution of a subplot . . .
Some scenes show warriors parading as though in preparation for war.
Some scenes speak for themselves.
Some scenes succeed brilliantly.
Some scenes take place in medieval pubs where people are drinking.
Some scenes take places.
Some scenes threaten peace.
Some scenes work extremely well.
Scenery abounds with coniferous forests and impressive geologic formations.
Scenery alone makes the ride worthwhile.
Scenery can be quite expensive both in terms of money and time.
Scenery changes rapidly as the soaring, dipping, winding road falls behind the bus.
Scenery chewing with a rationale behind it is still scenery chewing.
Scenery collapses, and props explode.
Scenery consists of dirt.
Scenery created by slide projections also enhances the movement of the play.
Scenery gives the railroad a realistic appearance and hides the carpentry and wiring.
Scenery includes panels, rounding boards, and mirrors.
Scenery includes stands of Shasta red fir, whitebark pine and hemlock.
Scenery is a set
Scenery is located in paintings.
Scenery is located in parks.
Scenery is located in photographs.
Scenery is located in pictures.
Scenery is located in theaters.
Scenery is romantics.
Scenery is superb, access to motorway network good.
Scenery is used for watchs.
Scenery is vicinities.
Scenery isa locality.
Scenery isa neighborhood.
Scenery isa vicinity.
Scenery matters most.
Scenery never has a nervous breakdown.
Scenery plays a big part in the hole's charm.
Scenery provides a sense of prespective.
Scenery ranges from fertile green to parched desert to city road course landscapes.
Scenery ranges from open fields to wooded areas, old farm houses to upscale homes.
Scenery ranges from rich agricultural land to the rugged beauty of arid, semi-desert areas.
Scenery remains good for a while, but worsens after the South Fork confluence.
Scenery runs impetuously like in the cinema.
Scenery tends to suddenly become visible in odd ways.
Scenery varies from piedmont steppe to wild intermontane depressions.
Scenery varies widely, depending upon the time of year and proximity to the bordering foothills.
All scenery is ultimately a collection of coordinate data.
More scenery comes next.
Most scenery consists of dirt.
Some scenery also requires that the Converter be installed.
Some scenery elicits the same response.
Scenic airplane rides, aircraft rental and instruction, charter service.
Scenic airplane rides, shorelines, lighthouses and shipwrecks.
Scenic areas abound throughout the city and the mountain foothills.
Scenic auto touring around the many islands and peninsulas reveal beautiful natural habitats.
Scenic Autumn Drives Five great drives designed to maximize the fall leaf change viewing.
Scenic autumn drives throughout Pennsylvania, the Keystone state.
Scenic bags are among the most valuable, largely because of the details contained in the landscapes.
Scenic beaches abound, and terrific shopping is just a few blocks away.
Scenic beaches are abundant, offering sailing, canoeing, and kayaking.
Scenic beaches surround the entire lake.
Scenic beauty accompanies great grazing.
Scenic beauty adds to the experience.
Scenic beauty is a special feature of the resort.
Scenic beauty is in the eye of the beholder, of course.
Scenic boardwalks allow visitors to come within a few feet of active geysers.
Scenic boat rides also available.
Scenic byways are roads that provide relaxation and are enjoyable for travelers.
Scenic byways can also be highways that communities feel are important components of their identity.
Scenic byways can steer motorists to state and local parks or other public lands.
Scenic byways enhance quality of life and improve local economies.
Scenic cameos can be generally more expensive than bust cameos.
Scenic campgrounds abound.
Many scenic campgrounds line the southwest shore of Heron Lake.
Scenic chairlift rides, hiking, and more.
Scenic cliffs line one side of the penninsula.
Scenic cliffs line the short near Oxbow.
Scenic cliffs rise on either side of the spectacular canyon.
Scenic contrasts abound in Maine.
Scenic cruises are a big pastime from spring through early fall on almost all the nearby waterways.
Scenic design is a course that gives students a design background.
Scenic differences are just as strong.
Scenic dinner rides through the Valley on authentic steam trains.
Scenic drive includes long-distance views.
Scenic drive overlooks city.
Scenic drives abound in Tennessee , Georgia and North Carolina .
Scenic Drives Enjoy the scenery from the roadway or railway.
Scenic drives lead visitors to many overlooks and to picnic areas and dispersed camping areas.
Scenic drives provide panoramas of spectacular scenery any time of year.
Scenic Drives refer to rides through forests or other picturesque routes.
Scenic Drives Take a leisurely drive across varied landscapes.
Scenic easements are a purchase of the development rights associated with a piece of property.
Scenic family floats to world class whitewater on many different rivers.
Scenic farmland consists of roling pastures dotted with cattle.
Scenic flights are available year round.
Scenic glider rides over the Animas Valley.
Scenic highway becomes a reality.
Scenic highways are everywhere in Montana.
Scenic highways provide easy access to most of the forest's attractions.
Scenic hills are visible in the distance.
Scenic hills surround the town, and buffalo wallows follow the creek that menders beside it.
Scenic images attempt to capture a natural place at a moment in time with extraordinary light.
Scenic landscapes abound.
Scenic locations are spectacular.
Scenic nature rambles and more challenging treks.
Scenic nature trails wind around prairie, woodland and pond areas.
Scenic opportunities are unpredictable due to variable seasonal rainfall.
Scenic opportunities are unpredictable due to variable weather.
Scenic opportunities change with the seasons.
Scenic overlooks are an attraction along the route.
Scenic overlooks invite drivers on the Colorado River Trail to stop and take a look.
Scenic overlooks provide a glimpse of broad expanses of white sand lapped by a turquoise sea.
Scenic Postcards Send a greeting card now for free.
Scenic Postcards Send a scenic postcard greeting from one of many categories.
Scenic quality is maintained.
Scenic rides are also available on the roads throughout the district.
Scenic rides are available through local fishing and whale-watch charter boats.
Scenic river flows from one of worlds largest and deepest springs.
Scenic rivers provide secluded anchorages for the ultimate in relaxation and romance.
Scenic roads crisscross the river.
