Every gift is guaranteed to please.
Every gift is hand made and hand packaged.
Every gift is important and makes a difference in each student's educational experience.
Every gift is important and makes an impact.
Every gift is important because each one builds participation.
Every gift is important because it directly affects the overall participation rate.
Every gift is important to our mission of saving manatees.
Every gift is important, no matter the size because it helps increase alumni giving percentages.
Every gift is important, no matter what the size.
Every gift is important.
Every gift is intended to be exercised and developed.
Every gift is needed and every gift is valued.
Every gift is needed and sincerely appreciated whatever the size.
Every gift is of value.
Every gift is tax deductible and the donor receives an acknowledgement.
Every gift is tax deductible and the donor receives an acknowledgment.
Every gift is tax-deductible and can be made in installments.
Every gift is tax-deductible and the donor of the gift receives an acknowledgment.
Every gift is tax-deductible.
Every gift makes a big difference.
Every gift makes a difference in increasing our participation rate.
Every gift makes a difference, and ongoing support from our donors is critical.
Every gift makes a difference.
Every Gift Makes a Difference.
Every gift plays an important part in the success of the Orchestra's far-reaching programs.
Every gift remains vitally important to the quality of school life for the students.
Every gift truly does make a difference.
Many gifts also result in tax savings and increased income flow.
Many gifts are handcrafted to assure quality and care.
Many gifts are handmade or hand finished therefore creating a unique gift or collectors' item.
Many gifts are homemade and celebrate African traditions.
Many gifts can be special ordered and engraved.
Many gifts please the girl.
More gifts arrive.
More gifts await other passengers who arrive on the big day.
Most gifts allow the donor to realize a tax benefit.
Most gifts are engravable and as always, gift wrapping is complimentary .
Most gifts are for close friends or family members and are personal in most cases.
Most gifts are for donor-determined designations.
Most gifts are like seeds.
Most gifts are material things.
Most gifts are new.
Most gifts break or wear out shortly after a person opens it.
Most gifts come from private citizens.
Most gifts cost a lot of money.
Most gifts involve monographs, back runs of series, sponsored subscriptions or money.
Most gifts lose value over time.
Most gifts provide a current charitable income tax deduction.
Some gifts are bad.
Some gifts are fairly easy.
Some gifts are far more trouble than they are worth.
Some gifts are for today.
Some gifts are invaluable and forever set our courses.
Some gifts are more frequent than others.
Some gifts are more popular and snapped quickly by other customers.
Some gifts are priceless.
Some gifts are still in the probate process.
Some gifts are undesirable due to legal or ethical considerations.
Some gifts break, wear out, or are placed on a shelf, in a drawer and eventually forgotten.
Some gifts come in decorated gift boxes.
Some gifts come out of the Earth.
Some gifts do keep giving.
Some gifts give forever.
Some gifts give pleasure in their message Through a significant name or a phrase.
Some gifts give pleasure in their use Through some pleasant emotion they raise.
Some gifts give pleasure to the touch The fingers and hands tell so much.
Some gifts keep on giving, and some keep on costing.
Some gifts provide lifetime income through charitable remainder trusts and gift annuities.
Some gifts remain, but gifts such as miracles and healing ended after the church was born.
Some gifts take dads to even more unusual destinations.
Gifted children are above average in height, weight, and physical development.
Gifted children are advanced in technical skills, prefer themes, and have long visual memories.
Gifted children are at least as varied as any other group of children.
Gifted children are different.
Gifted children are easy to raise and a welcome addition to any classroom.
Gifted children are expensive and time-consuming.
Gifted children are less successful in later life.
Gifted children are more likely to be introverted than other children.
Gifted children are most successful in later life.
Gifted children are often capable of complex concrete reasoning.
Gifted children are often intensely, even passionately, curious about certain topics.
Gifted children are one such group.
Gifted children are physically weak and sickly.
Gifted children are precious.
Gifted children are problem solvers.
Gifted children are sometimes impatient with conventional situations.
Gifted children are still children.
Gifted children are usually markedly different from their peers.
Gifted children are usually perfectionists.
Gifted children are very adaptable, particularly girls.
Gifted children can also have their problems and social difficulties.
Gifted children can also use it because the progression is built in and is easy to follow.
Gifted children can be just as tough to deal with as a child with academic or social problems.
Gifted children can learn at an accelerated pace.
Gifted children come from all racial, ethnic, and economic backgrounds.
Gifted children grow up even better with imperfect parents than with perfect ones.
Gifted children have longer periods of concentration than average students.
Gifted children have special needs, both academic and social.
Gifted children know how to argue.
Gifted children learn differently from other children.
Gifted children make more environmental stimulation and activity demands on their parents.
Gifted children occupy a large band of atypical ability and talent.
Gifted children perform at their own accelerated pace.
Gifted children question answers.
Gifted children require different and more flexible educational experiences.
Gifted children tackle adult issues.
Gifted children talk about school, friends, families and the future.
Gifted children tend to be very sensitive to the expectations of their parents and teachers.
Gifted children tend to push the envelope.
Gifted children tend to think differently and learn more quickly than their peers.
Gifted children view their emotional needs.
All gifted children are special because of their intellectual abilities.
Any gifted child can potentially get in real trouble because of the way they are handled.
Many gifted children are voracious readers.
Many gifted children have to constantly monitor what they say and do in order to fit in with peers.
Many gifted children refuse services because they want to be with their friends.
More gifted children come from higher socioeconomic levels.
More gifted children come from the upper socioeconomic levels.
Some gifted children become perfectionists.
Some gifted children prefer to have explicit answers to specific questions.
Gifted education is essential because giftedness creates unique educational needs.
Gifted education is handled separately .
Gifted education is handled separately.
Gifted education is instruction and accountability commensurate with a student's ability to learn.
Gifted education needs to be a piece of total school reform efforts.
Gifted employees strive for success and pave the future for the company.
Gifted Girls are another, unique, at-risk gifted population.
Gifted girls are far less interested in traditional girls' play than unselected girls are.
Many gifted girls drop out of gifted programs in middle school to avoid pressure and role conflict.
Gifted individuals can progress while taking advantage of the existing educational system.
Some gifted individuals achieve marginal scholastic records.
Some gifted individuals are almost painfully perceptive and sensitive.
Some gifted individuals have mediocre scholastic records.
Some gifted individuals make mediocre scholastic records.
Gifted kids are emotionally unstable and social misfits.
Gifted kids are enthusiastic about school and academic work.
Gifted kids are self-directed, they know where they are heading.
Gifted kids are smart enough to learn by themselves.
Gifted kids are usually from upper middle class professional families.
Gifted kids do.
Gifted kids find it especially difficult to manage their time.
Gifted kids speak out.
Gifted kids tend to be physically weak and unhealthy.
Most gifted kids are very sensitive to family expectations.
Most Gifted kids love to read and they like the best.
Gifted people are clumsy, physically inept, and narrow in outlook.
Gifted people ask provocative, speculative, and hypothetical questions.
Gifted people working in perfume laboratories have extremely well developed smell organs.
Gifted psychics provide free online psychic readings.
Gifted robot wants to become more human.
Most gifted services begin in the upper elementary grades.
Many gifted songwriters are at best marginal singers.
Gifted students are a heterogeneous group.
Gifted students are a precious resource.
Gifted students are asynchronous.
Gifted students are complex thinkers, able to argue both sides of the coin, convincingly.
Gifted students are definitely students with special needs.
Gifted students are exceptional in their ability to grasp abstract concepts, symbols, and ideas.
Gifted students are frequently emotionally unstable.
Gifted students are more alike than different.
Gifted students are nerds and social isolates.
Gifted students are second only to gifted colleagues in the research reservoirs of a scholar.
Gifted students are subject to the same disciplinary process as regular grade students.
Gifted students are, after all, by no means a homogeneous group.
Gifted students can accomplish anything they put their minds to.
Gifted students can benefit from responding to poetry in both aesthetic and academic manners.
Gifted students can develop an awareness of global perspectives on current or important issues.
Gifted students can expand into using combinations of eighth notes and rests.
Gifted students can find the more-challenging classes they crave.
Gifted students can have more than one identification.
Gifted students can race ahead at their own speed.
Gifted students can utilize the information available as part of a multi-media presentation.
Gifted students can walk a tightrope balancing their academic, social, and emotional needs.
Gifted students exhibit outstanding potential compared to age-mates.
Gifted students find it validating to be among peers who share their own excitement and skill level.
Gifted students have strong aesthetic interests.
Gifted students have supplemental opportunities to achieve to their fullest potential .
Gifted students have the opportunity to participate in enrichment activities in the classroom.
Gifted students have the right to acknowledge, accept and enjoy their abilities and limitations.
Gifted students like to find and discover the meaning of ideas and concepts.
Gifted students make everyone else smarter.
Gifted students meet with visiting scholars in new North Carolina program.
Gifted students participate in inquiry classes.
Gifted students plan an additional day of career shadowing.
Gifted students receive French instruction.
Gifted students talk about cooperative learning.
Gifted students use videotapes to satisfy their fast-paced interest.
Many gifted students have a difficult time with open-ended questions.
Many gifted students score in the top percentiles of traditional grade level tests.
Most gifted students develop ways of coping with pressures to conform.
Most gifted students have uneven profiles of accomplishment.
Some gifted students make mediocre scholastic records.
Some gifted students resent their own giftedness.
Gifted teachers are important to the development of their students minds.
Gifted teachers stitch up the wounds of the hurting student by their love, kindness and care.
Gifted teachers tend to do less talking.
Gifted teachers travel to equip leaders with good Bible based teaching.
Gifted women get the message and go elsewhere.
Gifted women have to learn to work with their fears.
Gifted women receive mixed, often confusing, messages - even from loving parents.
Some gifted women disappear into the woodwork.
Gifted writers are like literary marksmen.
Some gifted writers can get away with it, but the majority of it is pure garbage.
Gifted youngsters can be as creative and imaginative as they like.
Many gifted youngsters believe they are loved for their grades, honors, and special abilities.
Gifts certificates are a wonderful way to give a unique gift to a friend, associate or loved one.
Giftwrapping ribbons bows activity gifts gift vouchers gift certificates.
A gig is a small boat
GIGs Are Accessible.
Gigs are carriage.
Gigs are engagements.
Gigs are fun with it.
Gigs are hard to get.
Gigs are hooks.
Gigs are part of fishing gear.
Gigs are small boats.
Gigs are sparse and timidly publicized.
GIGs are still our main course of action.
Gigs are tenders.
Gigs come and go.
Gigs happen all year long, and some bands tour around world frequently.
All gigs are free.
All gigs are in UK unless otherwise stated.
Every gig counts, no matter how poorly it pays.
Every gig is a party.
Every gig's a party.
Many gigs are already on the books.
More gigs equal more punters, equals audience development in a simple sort of frame.
Most gigs are free.
Giga pets suck.
Giga publications are generally available only to subscribers.
Gigabit ethernet is operational, there are two routers and it is fully redundant.
Gigabit ethernet uses four wires for transmission .
Gigabit ethernet uses four wires for transmission.
A gigabit is an unit
Gigabit interfaces depending on network configuration requirements.
Gigabit products a plus.
Gigabit refers to the amount of freight that can be shipped.
Gigabit uplinks to the backbone.
Gigabits refers to the amount of data that can be transferred over the cables.
A gigabyte is an unit
Gigabytes are the current largest measurement being used on computers.
Gigantic Animal Remains .
Gigantic avalanches can originate by the structural collapse of a composite volcanoes.
Gigantic blackboards loom overhead in the distance.
Gigantic boulders bulge out of the lake and form large uninhabited islands.
Gigantic buildings create unusual conditions and unique problems in downtown areas.
Most gigantic cacti grow in deserts.
Gigantic cacti grow in deserts.
Gigantic celebrations call for elaborate planning.
Gigantic columns define the entrance loggia with a coffered ceiling.
Gigantic dinosaurs exist side by side with huge mammals long extinct in the outer world.
Gigantic flocks undulate through the air, stretching and retracting like giant amoebae.
Gigantic houses eat up materials as well as land.
Gigantic job follows.
Gigantic mammals move sources.
Most gigantic mammals move sources.
Gigantic maps have a number of interesting effects and one drawback.
Gigantic reptiles roam earth.
Gigantic structures challenge standard view of cosmic evolution.
Gigantic submarines plow the oceans in the service of a planet-wide trading network.
Gigantic waves roll to the bay almost over the whole year.
A gigantism is dysplasia
Gigantism is caused by an over secretion of the growth hormone produced by the pituitary gland.
Gigantism is caused by excessive secretion of during childhood.
Gigantism is extremely rare.
Gigantism is rare, and accompanies growth hormone secreting pituitary neoplasms.
Gigantism is usually a disadvantage for bacteria.
Gigantism isa abnormality.
Gigantism occurs before puberty and is caused by oversecretion of growth hormone.
Gigantisms are diseases.
A giggle is a laugh
Giggles also operates a clown college so others can learn the art of clowning.
Giggles are as contagious as a viral disease.
Giggles are contagious.
Giggles are laughs.
Giggles burst forth.
Giggles come from one angle, plaintive queries from another.
Giggles emanate from the crowd, and the band slides back into more music.
Giggles erupt from inside the rock structure.
Giggles is now available as a face painter and balloonologist.
Giggles seem to be floating around the lecture hall.
Gigglings are laughings.
Gila monsters are carnivores who seem to rely more on taste and smell to hunt than on vision.
Gila monsters are deceptive.
Gila monsters are nocturnal and are one of only two known venomous lizards.
Gila monsters are one of only two venomous lizard species in the world.
Gila monsters are reptiles.
Gila monsters are reptiles.
Gila monsters are the largest lizards native to North America, but they're less than two feet long.
Gila monsters have a home range of about one square mile.
Gila monsters have the well-earned reputation of delivering a tenacious bite.
Gila monsters live in an arid habitat with some vegetation.
Gila monsters seem to have a loose social structure and occasionally share shelters.
Gila woodpeckers are omnivores, feeding on insects, nectar, fruits and berries, and invertebrates.
A gilbert is an emu
Gilberts has an awesome breakfast menu, any one of their combos are delicious.
Gilboa soils have silt loam and silty clay loam in the upper part of the series control section.
Gilded mosaics embellish the simple inner lines of the church's domed ceiling.
A gilder is a skilled worker
Gilder does deliver a good sermon.
Gilder does go further than most in picking champions.
Gilder is just the warm-up act.
Gilder is no novice as regards arctic traveling.
Gilder is pure technology.
Gilder is to speak first.
Gilder now speaks of a telecosm, the increased power of computing that comes from networking.
Gilders are skilled workers.
Some gilders polish the bole with agate burnishers as an alternative to using the bristle brush.
Gilding calls for damp and rainy weather.
Gilding greatly extends the life of the cards.
Gilding is a coat
Gilding is an art.
Gilding is the adornment of a surface with gold or metal leaf.
Gilding always seems to be weak point in restoration.
Most gilding is done on historical statuary or domes that are difficult to maintain.
A gill arch is a structure
Gill arches are cartilage supports underlying the gills.
Gill color is also an excellent indication of freshness.
Gill cover has a black lining and there is no barbel.
Gill filaments are the feather-like projections of the gills across which diffusion of gases occurs.
Gill filaments occur on branchial arch three.
Any GILL information is appreciated.
Gill net is fishing net
Gill net is fishnets.
Gill nets are a clean fishery.
Gill nets are non-discriminating, they catch big salmon.
Gill nets pose a threat to conservation as indigenous and scarce fish species are targeted.
Gill netting is believed to be the single greatest threat.
Gill netting is now against the law in most areas.
Gill openings are ventral in all rays.
Gill passages appear, as in birds and mammals, only in the embryo.
A gill slit is a structure
Gill slits are narrow opening on either side of the sharks body.
Gill slits are very large, modified internally into filtering screens.
Some gill slits are supported by bars.
Gill tissue is the most permeable of the tissues.
A gill is an unit
Gill adapts to a wide range of conditions.
Gill cover with a blue spot, no vertical bars, and brown spots on scales looking like rows of dots.
Gill isa organ.
Gill plumes white each with a reddish rachis.
Gill slits allow water to pass into the chambers, which helps break down the food even more.
Gill slits are, at some stage of life, found in all chordates.
Gill slits develop into gills in fish and into ears of mammals.
Gill slits form gills in fish.
Gill slits present, but difficult to detect.
Gill slits present.
Gill slits, eyes and mouths come into focus.
Gill tufts on on lower half of body.
Gills absorb dissolved gasses from water.
Gills act as lungs.
Gills also begin to develop.
Gills also excretory in some species.
Gills also give off carbon dioxide.
Gills appear redder than normal, and the gill covers, stand out so that the gills are visible.
Gills appear striated or marbled with the pale areas representing infected and dying tissue.
Gills are also common in certain land animals, such as spiders and scorpions.
Gills are average sized, with a lot of little ones.
Gills are body parts.
Gills are both off of the body and off of limbs.
Gills are chracteristic of many aquatic animals, include fish, aquatic insects, and mollusks.
Gills are delicate and full of blood vessels.
Gills are designed to function in water, lungs in air.
Gills are feathery organs full of blood vessels.
Gills are free or nearly attached, crowded, broad to narrow, whitish.
Gills are free or slightly attached, crowded, broad, whitish.
Gills are free to crowded, moderately broad and white.
Gills are free to slightly attached, crowded, broad to narrow, and white.
Gills are highly branched and folded to provide a large surface area for gas exchange.
Gills are like a filter they keep the water in and keep the germs out.
Gills are located posterior to the heart.
Gills are made of filaments which help increase surface area for oxygen exchange.
Gills are mixed in with the crappie.
Gills are more efficient with greater surface area.
Gills are much more complex than just a slit in the cheeks of a fish.
Gills are normally low in carbon dioxide and high in oxygen.
Gills are often visible along the abdomen.
Gills are only one pair.
Gills are out-foldings of the body surface that are suspended in the water.
Gills are paired, filibranchs and used for respiration as well as filter feeding.
Gills are pale and thickened, with gray clumps of mucus.
Gills are part of cups.
Gills are present on either side of the head and are supplied by rich blood vessels.
Gills are present, at least during some early stages of development.
Gills are red and free from slime.
Gills are respiratory organs in most animals that breathe under water.
Gills are respiratory organs that absorb oxygen from water as it flows over the gill surface.
Gills are retained for a few days after hatching.
Gills are retained throughout life.
Gills are right off the rocks and crappie are on the weed edges.
Gills are solid objects.
Gills are the exchange point.
Gills are the only specialized portion.
Gills are the respiratory organs for fishes.
Gills are therefore very efficient at absorbing oxygen from water.
Gills are tissues which consist of threadlike protein structures called filaments .
Gills are used to exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide in respiration.
Gills are very effective at their jobs.
Gills are very large and well spaced.
Gills are white.
Gills are zero right now.
Gills assist the ones that reside in water.
Gills become brown.
Gills can collect dissolved oxygen from the water and release carbon dioxide.
Gills carmine to purple.
Gills collect dissolved oxygen from the water and release carbon dioxide.
Gills consist of thin sheets of tissue containing blood vessels.
Gills do the same job for fish that lungs do for many other kinds of animals, including humans.
Gills expel water.
Gills extract oxygen from surrounding water.
Gills extract the oxygen from the water, and they move by jet propulsion.
Gills fall off within a couple days of the birth.
Gills function to digest food.
Gills function to exchange gases betweeen a fish and the water.
Gills greatly increase the surface area for gas exchange.
Gills have (part) corpi.
Gills have (part) lobes.
Gills have a lot of blood vessels.
Gills have appearances.
Gills have functions.
Gills have less surface area than lungs.
Gills help a fish breathe.
Gills make fishes vulnerable to loss of heat and loss of water.
Gills make jaws make ears make room for a big brain.
Gills obtain oxygen from water.
Gills occur on or close to the bases of the thoracic appendages.
Gills perform the gas exchange between the water and the fish's blood.
Gills present a real problem.
Gills produce the basidiospores of A. bisporus .
Gills produce the spore-bearing structures known as basidia.
Gills pump furiously.
Gills serve for respiration.
Gills sit under the operculum.
Gills take dissolved oxygen from water as the water flows over the surface of the gill.
Gills take oxygen out of the water and let water carry away carbon dioxide.
Gills work because oxygen is a very small molecule.
Gills work better when there is more oxygen in the surrounding water.
Most gills act as lungs.
Most gills have appearances.
Most gills have functions.
Most gills serve for respiration.
Some gill slits have exchanges.
Some gill slits have gas exchanges.
Some gills absorb oxygen.
Some gills are in though.
Some gills have fins.
Some gills have overall shapes.
Some gills have shapes.
Some gills have surfaces.
A gillie is a shoe
Gillies are attendants.
Gillies are available for an extra charge and are sometimes shared by two or more anglers.
Gillies are available providing boat and engine.
Gillies are low cut shoes with decorative lacing.
Gillies hails from Australia.
Gillies is also a vegan.
A gilt is a coat
Gilt edges on cards and packaged in a black satin lined top-lid box.
Gilt edges with lettering on fore-edge.
Gilt helps to prevent the pages of the book from becoming dusty.
Gilt hides the joints.
Gilt is a record obsessed with addiction and pain and self-destruction.
Gilt is complete.
Gilt is different.
Gilt is exact.
Gilt is expandable.
Gilt is postscript.
Gilt is present, but kept well below lethal levels.
Gilt lettering on spine is dulled, light edgewear to jacket.
Gilt printing on spine and decorations on front cover are clean and bright.
Gilt scales on the head, fin, and tail sections.
Gilt spine extra with red leather title label.
Gilt spine lettering a little tarnished else very near fine lacking the original unprinted tissue.
Gilt wear to the entirety and old restoration the the rim of the pot.
Gilts are bonds.
Gilts are coating.
Gilts are deprived of protein resulting in reduced growth rate and decreased carcass lean.
Gilts are notorious for all farrowing under the only tree in a pen.
Gilts are the popular name for UK government bonds.
Gilts being sovereign paper are devoid of default risk.
Gilts generally take longer to eat their feed than sows.
Gilts have a greater lysine to energy requirement than barrows.
Gilts have a slower eating speed than sows.
Gilts have lower antibody concentrations in colostrum.
Gilts now graze each paddock for about two days.
Gilts produce less colostrum.
Gilts take longer to feed than sows.
Gilts typically have better growth performance and remain leaner at heavier weights.
All gilt is bright and stone is the exact color of a light swiss blue topaz.
Most gilts do touch the fence more than once, contradicting beliefs expressed by many farmers.
Some gilt wear on back.
Some gilts are index linked.
Gimbal lock is the phenomenon of two rotational axis of an object pointing in the same direction.
Gimbal lock occurs when the first and third axis of a joint line up.
Gimmelean beef can be very good.
Gimmick mountain Go to the part where the badnick is at.
Gimmick is a move
Gimmick is video games.
Gimmicks are gimmicks.
Gimmicks are high-risk.
Gimmicks are no substitute for common sense .
Gimmicks are often effective.
Gimmicks are, to a large extent, what make movies fresh and new.
Gimmicks can be quite useful in the absence of an actual plot, sympathetic characters or a brain.
Gimmicks can distract from a sale.
Gimmicks come in many forms.
Gimmicks work little better.
Some gimmicks are mild, for the moms and dads.
Gimmicky products have shorter lives in the marketplace.
GIMP does crash from time to time, after making a lot of images in a row.
GIMP gives artists the power and flexibility to transform images into truly unique creations.
Gimp is disability
Gimp is software.
GIMP runs great even on a windows box.
Gin traps are currently legal only when used to target proclaimed problem animals.
Gin comes from juniper, vodka from potatoes, wine from grapes, and beer and ale from hops.
Gin draws mainly fantasy art, with an emphasis on human or humanoid characters.
Gin falls from the poison.
Gin fits into that beautifully.
Gin has to be the most maligned liquid of all.
Gin is a flavored white spirit.
Gin is a staple in a great many mixed drinks.
Gin is a verb, too.
Gin is a very common used base for cocktails, including the famous martini.
Gin is alcohol.
Gin is alcoholic beverages.
Gin is alcoholic drinks.
Gin is always anxious to please.
Gin is back as the spirit of choice for America's hip, young drinkers.
Gin is consumed new.
Gin is extremely flammable so be really careful.
Gin is flavored with juniper berries .
Gin is flavored with juniper berries.
Gin is for drinking and tooth paste for teeth.
Gin is hard liquor.
Gin is in fact a liquor that is harmonious with almost anything.
Gin is liquor.
Gin is located in bars.
Gin is located in martinis.
Gin is made from natural grains and juniper berries.
Gin is now synonymous with British sophistication.
Gin is redistilled with the botanicals.
Gin is rum
Gin is strong drinks.
Gin is survived by four children, five grandchildren and nine great-grandchildren.
Gin is the game.
Gin is the popular drink in Great Britain.
Gin is used for drinking.
Gin isa liquor.
Gin makes a man mean.
Gin rdha an t ille bhliadhantamhail.
Gins are a necessary ingredient in cotton culture in the United States.
Gins separate the cotton fiber from the seeds .
All gins differ in some aspects of the ginning process.
Many gins still have a minute amount of Juniper in it today.
Some gin has sweet taste.
Ginger ale is a soft drink
Ginger ale is okay, too, though it has very little ginger in it.
Ginger plants benefit from manure.
Ginger plants grow in regions.
Ginger plants grow in subtropical regions.
Ginger plants have origins.
Ginger plants have rhizomes.
Ginger plants have underground rhizomes.
Ginger plants produce flowers.
Ginger plants produce shoots.
Ginger plants produce yellowish flowers.
Ginger plants thrive in climates.
Ginger plants thrive in light.
Ginger plants thrive in mediterranean climates.
Ginger root is a flavoring that is also valued for medicinal purposes.
Ginger root is a popular folk medicine.
Ginger root is added for cold stomach and chronic diarrhea.
Ginger root is also good for preventing and treating balance problems and dizziness.
Ginger root is also very effective for stomach queasiness.
Ginger root is another important ingredient.
Ginger root is lemony and sharp.
Ginger root is one such herb.
Ginger root is red skinned and nobby, with a pinkish white flesh, eaten raw or cooked.
Ginger root is used by traditional herbalists to treat flatulence, colic, and diarrhea.
Ginger root is used in Chinese medicine for many ailments, including headache, asthma and fever.
Ginger root is used in sauces, condiments, chicken or fruit dishes.
Ginger root is used worldwide for safe and effective relief of nausea.
Ginger root lends a spark to the colorful orange carrot soup.
Ginger root lowers cholesterol, high blood pressure and dilates blood vessels.
Ginger root relieves nausea and vomiting.
Some ginger roots contain magnesium.
Some ginger roots have levels.
Ginger tea can help relieve nausea and aid cold recovery.
Ginger tea has benefits.
Ginger tea has health benefits.
Most ginger tea has benefits.
Most ginger tea has health benefits.
Some ginger tea helps nausea.
A ginger is life
Ginger calms nausea, and valerian is a mild sleep aid.
Ginger hands down.
Ginger helps alleviate nausea.
Ginger isa herb.
Ginger stars as the owner of an all-girl automotive shop.
Ginger stimulates circulation and helps clear sinuses and lungs of mucus.
Ginger stimulates digestion and circulation in the abdominal cavity.
Ginger stimulates digestion and helps maintain normal digestive function without gas or discomfort.
Ginger stimulates digestion.
Ginger stimulates digestive function.
Ginger tends to help in getting rid from dandruff problem.
Ginger turns ninja and attacks the hapless farmer.
Ginger works for a prestigious business and politics magazine.
Ginger works for the fed gov't.
Ginger works with various other individuals and organizations as needed by individual clients.
Ginger works within a week.
Gingers add flavor.
Gingers are herbs.
Gingers are rhizomes.
Gingers are roots.
Gingers are slow growing and require partial to full shade with moist, well-drained soils.
Gingers are spices.
Gingers become ginger roots.
Gingers become roots.
Gingers develop flavor.
Gingers grow from knobby roots called rhizomes.
Gingers grow in climates.
Gingers have (part) cell membranes.
Gingers have (part) cells.
Gingers have (part) corpi.
Gingers have (part) cytoplasm.
Gingers have (part) nuclei.
Gingers have (part) plasma membranes.
Gingers have (part) sections.
Gingers have (part) vacuoles.
Gingers have (part) vegetables.
Gingers have flavor.
Gingers have green leaves.
Gingers have leaves.
Gingers have rhizomes.
Gingers have upright green leaves.
Gingers have upright leaves.
Gingers love dappled shade but also work quite well in full sun with plenty of water.
Gingers prefer bright sun to part sun in rich, moist garden soil.
All ginger comes from a strange, twisted rhizome called ginger root.
All gingers are magic.
All gingers respond well to being repotted in the spring.
Most ginger comes from Jamaica, followed by India, Africa and China.
Most gingers add flavor.
Most gingers become ginger roots.
Most gingers become roots.
Most gingers develop flavor.
Most gingers grow in climates.
Most gingers have flavor.
Most gingers have green leaves.
Most gingers have leaves.
Most gingers have rhizomes.
Most gingers have upright leaves.
Most gingers prefer bright, indirect light or filtered sun.
Some gingers attract attention.
Some gingers can have effects.
Some gingers can have profound effects.
Some gingers contain chromium.
Some gingers have beneficial effects.
Some gingers have diversity.
Some gingers have effects.
Some gingers have genetic diversity.
Some gingers have health.
Some gingers have incidents.
Some gingers have low genetic diversity.
Some gingers have overall health.
Some gingers have requirements.
Some gingers have tradition.
Some gingers help cholesterol.
Some gingers help lower cholesterol.
Some gingers produce flowers.
Some gingers produce rhizomes.
Some gingers produce shallow rhizomes.
Some gingers reduce blood pressure.
Some gingers reduce pressure.
Some gingers survive frost.
Gingerbread cookies are always a holiday favorite.
Gingerbread houses are fun and easy to make.
Gingerbread houses come from German tradition.
A gingerbread is a cake
Gingerbread enables lone parents to meet others who are bringing up children alone.
Gingerbread isa cake.
Gingerbread provides the highest standard of service in a friendly, relaxing atmosphere.
Gingerol antioxidants possess anti-inflammatory, antiviral, and antimicrobial properties.
Gingerols improve the intestinal motility and act as painkillers.
Gingersnap cookies are chewy and wonderful, if misnamed there s no snap at all.
A gingersnap is a biscuit
Gingersnaps work for dessert.
Gingili oil is available in Indian grocery shops.
A gingiva is animal tissue
Gingiva pink without hypertrophy.
Gingival hyperplasia is essentially an overgrowth of gum tissue.
Gingival hypertrophy is a distinguishing feature.
Gingival recession causes exposure of the root of the tooth.
Gingko fruits grow only on the female trees.
Gingko leaves are fan-shaped and dichotomously veined.
Gingko leaves are an absolutely incredible yellow.
Gingko leaves turn beautiful gold shades in fall.
Gingko seeds resemble outsize pistachios in a half-cracked shell.
Gingko trees develop seeds in two ways.
A gingko is a tree
Gingko contains numerous antioxidant flavonoids which counteract free radical activity.
Gingko does help with the tinitus.
Gingkoes can no longer propagate naturally without direct human intervention.
Gingkos are still around today.
Gingkos have fan-shaped leaves and snaky branches that shoot straight off their trunks.
Most gingkoes grow in areas.
Most gingkoes grow in pollute areas.
Most gingkoes have beneficial effects.
Most gingkoes have effects.
Most gingkoes have few side effects.
Most gingkoes have leaves.
Most gingkoes have multiple trunks.
Most gingkoes have shape leaves.
Most gingkoes have side effects.
Most gingkoes have trunks.
Most gingkoes help good health.
Most gingkoes help health.
Most gingkoes help sexual health.
Some gingkoes become victims.
Some gingkoes cause cancer.
Some gingkoes have angles.
Some gingkoes have bark.
Some gingkoes have few problems.
Some gingkoes have places.
Some gingkoes have problems.
Some gingkoes have smooth bark.
Some gingkoes have spots.
Some gingkoes have trouble.
Some gingkoes improve cognitive functions.
Some gingkoes improve functions.
Some gingkoes produce leaves.
Some gingkoes reduce inflammation.
Some gingkoes show beneficial effects.
Some gingkoes show effects.
Gingseng tea is used around the world to boost memory and stamina.
Ginkgo distribution is varied greatly solely due to planting and cultivation.
Ginkgo fruit contains seeds.
Most ginkgo fruit contains seeds.
Ginkgo nuts are a delicacy throughout Asia, though they smell like vomit.
Ginkgo plants are either male or female for their entire lives.
Ginkgo seeds fall in autumn.
Ginkgo seeds have germination.
Ginkgo seeds have irregular germination.
Most ginkgo seeds fall in autumn.
Most ginkgo seeds have germination.
Most ginkgo seeds have irregular germination.
Ginkgo trees bear fruit.
Ginkgo trees grow in climates.
Ginkgo trees grow in gardens.
Ginkgo trees grow to height.
Ginkgo trees have properties.
Ginkgo trees have unique properties.
Ginkgo trees produce fruit.
Ginkgo trees reach height.
Ginkgo trees thrive in areas.
Ginkgo trees tolerate conditions.
Ginkgo trees tolerate soil conditions.
Most ginkgo trees bear fruit.
Most ginkgo trees grow in climates.
Most ginkgo trees grow in gardens.
Most ginkgo trees grow to height.
Most ginkgo trees have properties.
Most ginkgo trees have unique properties.
Most ginkgo trees reach height.
Most ginkgo trees thrive in areas.
Most ginkgo trees tolerate soil conditions.
A ginkgo is a tree
Gingkoes grow in areas.
Gingkoes grow in pollute areas.
Gingkoes have (part) bark.
Gingkoes have (part) cell membranes.
Gingkoes have (part) cells.
Gingkoes have (part) corpi.
Gingkoes have (part) cytoplasm.
Gingkoes have (part) leaf nodes.
Gingkoes have (part) nuclei.
Gingkoes have (part) plasma membranes.
Gingkoes have (part) sections.
Gingkoes have (part) stumps.
Gingkoes have (part) tree branches.
Gingkoes have (part) treetops.
Gingkoes have (part) trunks.
Gingkoes have (part) vacuoles.
Gingkoes have (part) xylem.
Gingkoes have beneficial effects.
Gingkoes have effects.
Gingkoes have few side effects.
Gingkoes have leaves.
Gingkoes have multiple trunks.
Gingkoes have shape leaves.
Gingkoes have side effects.
Gingkoes have trunks.
Gingkoes help good health.
Gingkoes help health.
Gingkoes help sexual health.
Ginkgo accounts for one percent of all prescriptions medicines sold in Germany.
Ginkgo facilitates short-term memory by increasing the speed of nerve impulses.
Ginkgo isa tree.
Ginkgo quickly increases blood supply to brain cells.
Ginkgo works by improving the functionality of blood flow, especially in the brain.
Ginkgo works by increasing blood flow throughout the body and to the brain.
Ginkgoes are among the most ancient trees living on the earth today.
Ginkgoes are dioecious, meaning males and female flowers appear on different trees.
Ginkgoes are resilient.
Ginkgos are another group of gymnosperms that use motile sperm.
Ginkgos are dioecious and embryo fertilization occurs via free-swimming sperm.
Ginkgos are dioecious, with separate sexes, some trees being female and others being male.
Ginkgos are grown as hedges in China to supply the leaves for western herbal medicine.
Ginkgos are slow growing after transplanting, but grow well in difficult sites.
Ginkgos are tall Chinese trees.
Ginkgos have naked seeds.
Most ginkgos live as ornamentals because they are picturesque, provide shade and give a bold accent.
Ginkgophyta fossils appear prior to, and concurrently with, the dinosaurs.
Ginseng is a herb
Ginseng is herbaceous plants.
Ginseng is herbs.
Ginseng is part of american ginseng.
Ginseng is part of ginseng.
Ginseng is plants.
Ginseng is roots.
Ginsengs are adaptogens or what used to be called tonics.
Ginsengs are adaptogens which have long been used in traditional Chinese herbal practices.
Ginsengs are adaptogens which have long been used in traditional Chinese herbalism.
Ginsengs help clear excess adrenalin from the body.
Most ginseng is cultivated.
Giombo fruit are a connoisseur's choice.
A gipsy is a laborer
Gipsies use it, and it is a favourite colour with Indian squaws.
Giraavaru people are very special.
Giraavaru people have no longing for a wealthy material lifestyle.
Giraffe calves weigh pounds.
Some giraffe calves reach adulthood.
Giraffe necks have vertebrae.
Most giraffe necks have vertebrae.
A giraffe is a ruminant
Giraffe isa ungulate.
Giraffes also eat flowers, vines and herbs.
Giraffes also enjoy the leaves of mimosas and apricots.
Giraffes also have a massive heart and vascular system to deliver sufficient blood to the brain.
Giraffes also have large hearts.
Giraffes also use their long neck for reaching leaves off of trees.
Giraffes are also one of the fastest animals.
Giraffes are among the many wild animal species that populate the African plains.
Giraffes are among the most awe-inspiring creatures on the planet.
Giraffes are among the most recognizable of all wildlife in the African savannah.
Giraffes are another mammal which have horns.
Giraffes are available at the jungles Africa.
Giraffes are better off seeing and running away from predators than fending off attacks.
Giraffes are browsers that prefer to eat new shoots and leaves of thorny acacia trees.
Giraffes are browsers.
Giraffes are capable of drink water.
Giraffes are consumers.
Giraffes are diurnal.
Giraffes are easy to identify with their long necks, skinny legs and distinctive spotted markings.
Giraffes are even-toed ungulates.
Giraffes are extremely picky eaters.
Giraffes are females.
Giraffes are found in Africa but are becoming increasingly rare in the west.
Giraffes are found in parts of Africa .
Giraffes are found in parts of Africa.
Giraffes are found in zoos all over out there both large and small.
Giraffes are generally the inhabitants of savannas, woodlands, and grasslands.
Giraffes are great lookouts for other animals because of their height.
Giraffes are gregarious, but it s the individual that is the basic social unit in giraffe society.
Giraffes are herbivores and eat leaves that are out of reach of other animals.
Giraffes are herbivores, meaning they eat plants rather than meat.
Giraffes are herbivores, which means they eat only plants.
Giraffes are herbivores.
Giraffes are herbivorous.
Giraffes are in the long-necked ruminants family.
Giraffes are located in drawers.
Giraffes are located in zoos.
Giraffes are males.
Giraffes are mammals.
Giraffes are most vulnerable to predators when drinking or lying down.
Giraffes are multi-cellular.
Giraffes are natives of Africa where they run wild in the tall grasses of the open planes.
Giraffes are one of the most fascinating and different animals on earth.
Giraffes are powerful, friendly, aware, intelligent and they're always on the lookout.
Giraffes are predominantly browsers and they utilise a wide range of plants.
Giraffes are rather docile creatures.
Giraffes are ruminants and have a stomach with four compartments that digests the leaves they eat.
Giraffes are ruminants.
Giraffes are so cool.
Giraffes are social animals.
Giraffes are tall.
Giraffes are taller than human babies, and human babies are taller than ants.
Giraffes are the animals on earth.
Giraffes are the tallest amongst mammals.
Giraffes are the tallest animal in the world.
Giraffes are the tallest animals in the world.
Giraffes are the tallest animals on Earth .
Giraffes are the tallest animals on Earth.
Giraffes are the tallest land animals.
Giraffes are the tallest living mammals.
Giraffes are the tallest mammal.
Giraffes are the tallest of all land animals.
Giraffes are the tallest of all land living animals.
Giraffes are the tallest standing land animals on earth.
Giraffes are the world's tallest living animal.
Giraffes are thought to be mute.
Giraffes are truly giant animals.
Giraffes are unable to cough or swim.
Giraffes are usually quiet animals but they can grunt or bleat.
Giraffes are very calm animals and they tend to do very well with other plant eaters in the wild.
Giraffes are very peaceful animals.
Giraffes are very selective feeders and only chooses the most nutritious leaves.
Giraffes breathe air.
Giraffes breathe in oxygen and release carbon dioxide just like other mammals and humans do.
Giraffes breed throughout the year.
Giraffes browse in the crowns of the trees, reaching up to a height of fifteen or more feet.
Giraffes browse on trees.
Giraffes browse upon the leaves of trees.
Giraffes chew food.
Giraffes chew leaves.
Giraffes consume foliage.
Giraffes defend themselves against predators by kicking with either the fore or hind feet.
Giraffes develop necks.
Giraffes develop vertebrae.
Giraffes drink water if it is available but can go weeks without it.
Giraffes drink water when it is available, and they are able to survive in areas with scarce water.
Giraffes drink water.
Giraffes eat a variety of tree and shrub species.
Giraffes eat acacias.
Giraffes eat bushes.
Giraffes eat evergreen leaves.
Giraffes eat flowers.
Giraffes eat from the top of the trees, because that is all they see.
Giraffes eat grass and tree leaves in the wild and grass and hay at the zoo.
Giraffes eat leaves.
Giraffes eat mainly young leaves and shoots, primarily of the acacia and mimosa trees.
Giraffes eat other things besides leaves.
Giraffes eat plants, grass, and grain crops.
Giraffes eat plants.
Giraffes eat shrubs.
Giraffes eat the leaves of a variety of deciduous and evergreen trees and shrubs.
Giraffes eat trees and bushes for food, and lions eat giraffes.
Giraffes eat trees.
Giraffes eat twigs and leaves.
Giraffes eat twigs, mainly from acacia trees, but they also eat grass, shrubs and fruits.
Giraffes eat vegetation.
Giraffes establish dominance.
Giraffes exhibit classic prey pupils.
Giraffes feed and drink during the morning and evening.
Giraffes feed on trees.
Giraffes fight by charging and swinging their heads at each other as hard as they can.
Giraffes get water.
Giraffes give birth standing up.
Giraffes give birth to giraffes.
Giraffes grow for ten years until they reach their maximum height.
Giraffes has-part bones.
Giraffes has-part hearts.
Giraffes has-part legs.
Giraffes has-part necks.
Giraffes has-part skin.
Giraffes has-part teeth.
Giraffes has-part tongues.
Giraffes have (part) brains.
Giraffes have (part) breasts.
Giraffes have (part) cannon bones.
Giraffes have (part) cell membranes.
Giraffes have (part) cells.
Giraffes have (part) chest cavities.
Giraffes have (part) chests.
Giraffes have (part) corpi.
Giraffes have (part) cytoplasm.
Giraffes have (part) ears.
Giraffes have (part) faces.
Giraffes have (part) heads.
Giraffes have (part) hip sockets.
Giraffes have (part) hoofs.
Giraffes have (part) nuclei.
Giraffes have (part) piluses.
Giraffes have (part) plasma membranes.
Giraffes have (part) rib cages.
Giraffes have (part) second stomachs.
Giraffes have (part) sections.
Giraffes have (part) skulls.
Giraffes have (part) sterna.
Giraffes have (part) vacuoles.
Giraffes have a dark-colored tongue that prevents it from becoming sunburned.
Giraffes have a great sense of sight.
Giraffes have a reputation for being silent, but calves do bleat for attention.
Giraffes have a special niche in the African savanna.
Giraffes have a special taste for thorny acacia leaves, by the way.
Giraffes have a very kick.
Giraffes have a very long neck and legs .
Giraffes have a very long neck and legs.
Giraffes have arteries.
Giraffes have bones.
Giraffes have characteristics.
Giraffes have coat patterns.
Giraffes have coats.
Giraffes have dark coats.
Giraffes have different coat patterns.
Giraffes have different colors.
Giraffes have different patterns.
Giraffes have excellent eyesights.
Giraffes have eyesights.
Giraffes have height.
Giraffes have horns called ossicones .
Giraffes have horns called ossicones.
Giraffes have horns unlike any other mammal.
Giraffes have individually distinct patterns.
Giraffes have legs.
Giraffes have light brownish spots with yellow patches outside the spots.
Giraffes have lips.
Giraffes have long amazed scientists with their cardiovascular system.
Giraffes have long legs, a sloping back and an extremely long neck.
Giraffes have long necks that reach to the leaves of tall trees.
Giraffes have long necks, which they use to browse the leaves of trees.
Giraffes have long necks.
Giraffes have long necks.
Giraffes have neck bones.
Giraffes have necks.
Giraffes have no vocal chords.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
Giraffes have noses.
Giraffes have patterns.
Giraffes have physical characteristics.
Giraffes have same patterns.
Giraffes have seven bones in their neck.
Giraffes have short necks.
Giraffes have similar characteristics.
Giraffes have stomachs.
Giraffes have tails.
Giraffes have the largest eyes of all land animals.
Giraffes have thick lips.
Giraffes have tongues.
Giraffes have two horns and two or three knobs.
Giraffes have two strategies to minimize their chances of being attacked while sleeping.
Giraffes have two ways of moving, a loping walk and a gallop.
Giraffes have unique coat patterns.
Giraffes have unique patterns.
Giraffes have very big hearts, which they use to pump blood up through the neck to the brain.
Giraffes have very little enemies, they are tall, so they can get their food from trees.
Giraffes have very powerful legs and they use their legs to defend themselves.
Giraffes kick with their hooves and slam with their heads.
Giraffes like to nuzzle each other tenderly and to rub their heads and necks together.
Giraffes live alone or in loose groups .
Giraffes live alone or in loose groups.
Giraffes live in African grasslands.
Giraffes live in grassland.
Giraffes live in groups.
Giraffes live in habitats where the available food varies throughout the year.
Giraffes live in habitats.
Giraffes live in herds in African grasslands and eat tree leaves.
Giraffes live in only one continent- Africa.
Giraffes live in open habitats, primarily wooded savannas and open woodlands.
Giraffes live in savannas throughout Africa.
Giraffes live in small groups.
Giraffes live in the savanna grasslands.
Giraffes live in the South African Grasslands .
Giraffes live in woodlands.
Giraffes live on ground.
Giraffes lower heads.
Giraffes make saliva.
Giraffes make sounds like coughs, snorts, moos, grunts, snores, bleats and whistles.
Giraffes move feet.
Giraffes only eat leaves up to a certain height, then stop.
Giraffes possess bodies.
Giraffes possess food.
Giraffes possess fur.
Giraffes possess long necks.
Giraffes possess necks.
Giraffes possess urine.
Giraffes prefer leaves from acacia trees.
Giraffes prefer savanna.
Giraffes prefer savannas with trees.
Giraffes press their necks together when they are attracted to each other.
Giraffes produce a very thick saliva, or spit, which protects the mouth from their thorny diet.
Giraffes produce offspring.
Giraffes provide the stage on which oxpeckers act out their lives.
Giraffes reach food.
Giraffes reach up among the branches for the tender leaves.
Giraffes reduce the dead air space in their windpipes through tracheal stenosis.
Giraffes require food.
Giraffes require trees.
Giraffes require water.
Giraffes rest standing up and always remain alert.
Giraffes roam the savannas of Africa in loose, open herds of females and youngsters.
Giraffes ruminate day or night, with periods of sleep in between.
Giraffes seem to thrive in areas where it is very hot.
Giraffes seem very peaceful creatures.
Giraffes show aspects.
Giraffes sleep less than two hours a day.
Giraffes sleep more than most animals.
Giraffes stand taller.
Giraffes swing heads.
Giraffes take short naps so that they can stay on the lookout for hungry lions.
Giraffes to drink water.
Giraffes use their extremely long legs, necks and tongues to browse on the leaves and buds.
Giraffes use their long necks to forage for leaves high up in trees out of reach of other animals.
Giraffes use their long necks to reach for leaves high in trees.
Giraffes use their long necks to spar gently, necko a necko .
Giraffes use their long tongues to grab the vegetation they eat.
Giraffes use their long, thick tongues in many different ways.
Giraffes use their rubbery lips and very long tongue to pluck leaves.
Giraffes use tongues.
Giraffes wear two to six short and blunt horns on their heads.
Giraffes usually inhabit savannas , grasslands , and open woodlands .
Giraffes usually sleep standing up but do lie down occasionally.
Giraffes usually sleep standing up.
All giraffes are one species containing nine subspecies distinguished only by spot patterns.
Every giraffe has a unique spot pattern.
Every giraffe has two hair-covered horns called ossicones.
Most giraffes are bisexual.
Most giraffes develop necks.
Most giraffes develop vertebrae.
Most giraffes eat acacias.
Most giraffes eat bushes.
Most giraffes eat evergreen leaves.
Most giraffes eat flowers.
Most giraffes eat leaves.
Most giraffes eat plants.
Most giraffes eat trees.
Most giraffes establish dominance.
Most giraffes get water.
Most giraffes give birth to giraffes.
Most giraffes have a tan, white or yellow coat that is spotted with brown, square shapes.
Most giraffes have arteries.
Most giraffes have bones.
Most giraffes have characteristics.
Most giraffes have coat patterns.
Most giraffes have coats.
Most giraffes have dark coats.
Most giraffes have different coat patterns.
Most giraffes have different patterns.
Most giraffes have excellent eyesights.
Most giraffes have eyesights.
Most giraffes have height.
Most giraffes have lips.
Most giraffes have long necks.
Most giraffes have neck bones.
Most giraffes have necks.
Most giraffes have patterns.
Most giraffes have physical characteristics.
Most giraffes have same patterns.
Most giraffes have short necks.
Most giraffes have similar characteristics.
Most giraffes have tails.
Most giraffes have thick lips.
Most giraffes have tongues.
Most giraffes have unique coat patterns.
Most giraffes have unique patterns.
Most giraffes live either in East Africa or in Angola and Zambia in southwestern Africa.
Most giraffes live in grassland.
Most giraffes live in groups.
Most giraffes live in habitats.
Most giraffes live in woodlands.
Most giraffes live on ground.
Most giraffes make saliva.
Most giraffes produce offspring.
Most giraffes reach food.
Most giraffes require food.
Most giraffes require trees.
Most giraffes require water.
Some giraffes are killed by lions.
Some giraffes die from dehydration.
Some giraffes excrete waste.
Some giraffes give birth to calves.
Some giraffes have blood vessels.
Some giraffes have branches.
Some giraffes have dark patches.
Some giraffes have diversity.
Some giraffes have elastic blood vessels.
Some giraffes have faces.
Some giraffes have genetic mutation.
Some giraffes have heat.
Some giraffes have high pressure.
Some giraffes have horns.
Some giraffes have large dark patches.
Some giraffes have mutation.
Some giraffes have neck vertebrae.
Some giraffes have patches.
Some giraffes have pressure.
Some giraffes have problems.
Some giraffes have requirements.
Some giraffes have vertebrae.
Some giraffes have vessels.
Some giraffes live in basins.
Some giraffes live in congo river basins.
Some giraffes live in dusty environments.
Some giraffes live in environments.
Some giraffes look like deer.
Some giraffes occupy second levels.
Some giraffes occupy second trophic levels.
Some giraffes occupy trophic levels.
Some giraffes require giraffes.
Girardian anthropology helps to explain the difference.
Gird soils are coarse-silty.
Gird soils are moderately extensive in intermountain valleys in western Montana.
Gird soils have a frigid temperature regime and a xeric moisture regime.
Girder bridges are very simple and strong.
A girder is a beam
Girder isa beam.
Girders are beams.
Girders are in place for the roof on the stage.
Girders extend from nose to tail, or in nautical parlance, from stem to stern.
Girders have (part) sections.
Girders start cracking and wires snap.
Girders wait to joined.
Girdle kit is optional.
A girdle is a band
Girdles are also absent from the cones.
Girdles are bands.
Girdles are lingerie.
Girdles can offer protection from other hazards, as well.
Girdles often hold purses.
Some girdles are faceted and others are granular and have a frosted appearance.
Girdled branches retain dead leaves after they die.
Girdled parts cause the foliage beyond to die.
Girdled trees can provide cavities and dead wood for wildlife and insects.
Girdled twigs die and fall to the ground where the eggs hatch.
Girdled twigs look like a beaver has worked on it only in miniature.
Giriama people are so hospitable and generous.
Giriama women know how to swim and many have never been in water deeper than their shins.
Girl drinks are the gourmet jellybeans of the cocktail world.
Girl friend is now an ex-friend, and guy has new ferret.
Girl friends are one of the most important things in the world.
Girl gangs are sexy.
Girl group takes boy to queen, who begs boy to save daughter from evil wizard.
Some girl groups have their noses in the air all the time, but the new ones are actually very nice.
Girls of today are the women of tomorrow.
Girl power has three new faces.
Girl power is about confidence.
Girl power is about getting a life.
Girl power is alive and well, and females support females.
Girl power is another frustrating example of an overcorrected inequality.
Girl power means a whole lot of things, like sisterhood.
Girl scouts are members.
Girl scouts are organizations.
Girl scouts are scouts.
Girl scouts are the best.
Girl scouts is a fun and rewarding process.
Girl scouts take a break after a hot Memorial Day parade through town.
Girl scouting is fun.
Girl Talk Read all about one girl's views on being boy-crazy, obeying the rules, maneater and more.
A girl is a woman
Girl almost gets together with boy and is happy then sad.
Girl ask boy dance.
Girl asks guy if the reservations at the local high-class restaurant are secure.
Girl becomes a knockout.
Girl becomes accustomed to receiving gifts.
Girl becomes bear.
Girl becomes pregnant.
Girl becomes queen.
Girl brings gifts to friends.
Girl calls police.
Girl can freely turn around during the trick and show all sides of the stocks.
Girl cheats on boy but boy is cheating on girl with the other boy.
Girl clicks horse.
Girl clothes up.
Girl comes back after many months.
Girl comes from a highly educated family of a retired official.
Girl dies in tragic car crash.
Girl do American spin.
Girl dumps dork after girl discovers dork necking with a vamp.
Girl eats boy . . .
Girl eats distorted flower.
Girl eats peculiar cake.
Girl engages Chapter across knee out some cassette deck and doing in the bed.
Girl engages Chapter across knee out some cd recordable and doing in the bed.
Girl engages Chapter across knee out some finepix digital cameras and doing in the bed.
Girl expects a tap kiss.
Girl face north with guy infront.
Girl fails miserably.
Girl falls for boy and vice versa.
Girl falls in love with boy.
Girl falls in love with soldier.
Girl falls passionately in love with boy.
Girl falls significantly, but unfathomably against what appears to be a camping stove.
Girl feels uncomfortable, leaves bar, drives away.
Girl fights guy.
Girl fights with boy.
Girl forgets boy.
Girl get gifts from guys for years and years.
Girl gets a bit older.
Girl gets boy.
Girl gets demony sister.
Girl gets home from aerobics practice two minutes later than yesterday.
Girl gets interview back.
Girl gets mad.
Girl gets new face from plastic surgeon.
Girl gets shocks after jumping on a trampoline.
Girl gets sickness, wrongly diagnosed as leprosy, goes to hospital.
Girl gets tits.
Girl gives guy a big kiss on the cheek.
Girl gives guy cat.
Girl gives guy grand grope greeting.
Girl goes back into modeling.
Girl goes by.
Girl goes crazy.
Girl goes into labor pains.
Girl goes to a private school snake-pit.
Girl goes to college anyway and marries boy too.
Girl goes to college.
Girl goes to hospital.
Girl goes to medical school.
Girl graces guy, grasps grail.
Girl graduates from high school.
Girl grows up.
Girl hails irises jejune.
Girl has fearful horse.
Girl has on an apron of red with a black flower pattern, red has faded a little in the front.
Girl has secret.
Girl has twin, no problems.
Girl has visions of great career success in the real world.
Girl holds hands in front of shoulders, palms toward man, hopping on right foot once to each count.
Girl holds wide-brimmed straw hat in hand.
Girl ignores guy all the way home.
Girl is a brunette, ok body, muscular butt and thighs, medium sized tits.
Girl is a crying mess.
Girl is a hero.
Girl is a non-veg.
Girl is a quest for independence, or a search for self-knowledge.
Girl is aimed at teen girls, but it portrays a much healthier body image than most magazines.
Girl is also an outsider, left alone as an orphan.
Girl is awful pretty.
Girl is corked and filled.
Girl is drugged by inhaling smoke, poison is applied to needles which are later shot at characters.
Girl is fair, medium built and good looking.
Girl is fired and then loaded.
Girl is from religious highly qualified family.
Girl is left sad on the ground.
Girl is on phone with a friend.
Girl is one of their big singles, and on several of their albums, actually.
Girl is pinched on backside.
Girl is sad.
Girl is scared wants to leave.
Girl is the opposite of boy.
Girl isa woman.
Girl kisses girl.
Girl knows things.
Girl learns more about the boy.
Girl learns the recipe for hot anal sex.
Girl leaves Boy.
Girl likes boy but has a painful past to push through.
Girl likes boy, boy likes girl.
Girl likes boy.
Girl likes dork.
Girl likes guy.
Girl likes other boy.
Girl lives happily ever after.
Girl lives on island and raises silver foxes.
GIRL Look at that girl.
Girl look it over and sight.
Girl looks at Monster.
Girl looks at mother s struggle to accept failed marriage.
Girl loses boy again, and so on into the third act.
Girl loses boy and is sad.
Girl loses boy.
Girl loses Boy.
Girl loses face in car accident.
Girl loves boy.
Girl loves Boy.
Girl make happy.
Girl meets another boy.
Girl meets boy .
Girl meets boy and is happy.
Girl meets boy, falls in love, gets pregnant.
Girl meets boy, girl loses boy, girl wins boy back.
Girl meets boy.
Girl meets Boy.
Girl meets boys.
Girl meets dork.
Girl meets father, sort of, mother meets old lovers, and a good time is had by all.
Girl meets girl.
Girl meets guy.
Girl meets producer.
Girl moves right arm up and down.
Girl needs money-making job again.
Girl plays game.
Girl plunges into death.
Girl proudly shows a sculpture.
Girl Provides fashion, love, beauty, topics and forums of girl students.
Girl quits job to go back to school.
Girl quits modeling.
Girl reciprocates the feeling by falling in love with boy.
Girl refuses proposal.
Girl rubbers Japanese women now have their own condoms.
Girl runs away.
Girl runs up street in night-clothes.
Girl says okay.
Girl scouting encourages girls to become involved in their communities.
Girl sees a rainbow and finds closure.
Girl sees bombs and weapons.
Girl sends guy to hell.
Girl sits in theater with guy.
Girl skis straight into tree.
Girl snaps photo of two friends in canoe while other girls relax at summer camp.
Girl stands alone in an empty courtyard.
Girl stands and dives in, man follows.
Girl stands in center.
Girl starts off fairly well, but it all goes downhill quite soon and never recovers.
Girl steps to boy's defense.
Girl still loves boy.
Girl stops thinking comic is funny and their relationship turns into no laughing matter.
Girl succeeds, grows up.
Girl suddenly gets better.
Girl takes a mistress.
Girl takes ten to take possession of another country.
Girl takes the rap goes to reform school snake-pit.
Girl Talk a lovely sheer pink with an opalescent glaze.
Girl thinks ok.
Girl turns around.
Girl wakes up.
Girl walks into the store and picks out a camel coat.
Girl wants to go to college.
Girl wins puppy.
Girl wins right to join football team.
Girl Wonder to the Rescue ill.
Girls abound in Mankato.
Girls account for two-thirds of the children out of school.
Girls ache to speak up here.
Girls achieve reading proficiency through a combination of phonics and exposure to literature.
Girls act more passive than boys.
Girls ages birth to grandmothers and boys ages birth to four years are eligible to enter.
Girls ages twelve and up.
Girls also are far less likely to receive any form of basic education.
Girls also become far more sedentary than boys as they enter adolescence.
Girls also begin leadership training opportunities and career exploration activities.
Girls also can obtain birth control at the health department.
Girls also differ from boys in being more likely to have relatively exclusive same-sex friendships.
Girls also earn recognition for their level of sales.
Girls also encounter constant highly sexualized verbal degradation in the school environment.
Girls also exchange cheap small chocolates among themselves.
Girls also experience a growth spurt during puberty .
Girls also experience a growth spurt during puberty.
Girls also feel they get more positive feedback from teachers.
Girls also have the opportunity to participate as individual members.
Girls also learn about the menstrual cycle, and boys learn about growing into manhood.
Girls also learn from e-mentors, women in technical fields who serve as electronic mentors.
Girls also learn from mentors who serve as electronic mentors.
Girls also love the challenge course which builds teamwork, self esteem and trust.
Girls also love to play hard to get, so enjoy the chase.
Girls also make up a big percentage of the players registered with the club.
Girls also meet women scientists and engineers, and learn about careers of the future.
Girls also participate in academic classes and career counseling.
Girls also play more cooperatively.
Girls also report emotional and physical abuse.
Girls also seem to be concerned about the shape of their legs, breasts, waist and their eyes.
Girls also seem to have more protection from infection than boys.
Girls also take part in it.
Girls also take part in outside competitions and have recently enjoyed a great deal of success.
Girls also tend to be shorter than juniors.
Girls also tend to receive less attention in school and in extra-curricular activities.
Girls also tend to receive less attention than boys in school and extracurricular activities.
Girls also use more areas of their brains and are therefore able to do multiple tasks more easily.
Girls also use their father 's family name , but with one difference .
Girls also use their father's family name, but with one difference.
Girls also wear combats, belly tops and bellbottoms.
Girls also wear hipster pants that sometimes show off their bellies.
Girls also wear pedalpushers with sleeveless tops.
Girls ankle movements look almost like ballet.
Girls appear to be more interested in multimedia than in the Internet.
Girls appear to be most disadvantaged.
Girls appear to eat twice as many fruits and vegetables as boys.
Girls appear to learn, or use sign language more easily.
Girls apply themselves more.
Girls appraise recent life events as more personally threatening than boys.
Girls appreciate a guy who can hold a conversation.
Girls are a bigger market in windsurfing than some companies realise.
Girls are a group of people.
Girls are able to positively express control.
Girls are about so much more than that.
Girls are all too often consigned to a life of poverty and dependence.
Girls are also a good reason to go there.
Girls are also able to ask questions regarding science, math and technology.
Girls are also at a higher risk of poverty than boys, the study says.
Girls are also at a higher risk than boys.
Girls are also concerned about the shape of their legs, breasts, waist and about their eyes.
Girls are also extremely tough on other girls.
Girls are also free to post their own reviews.
Girls are also more likely than boys to seriously consider and attempt suicide.
Girls are also much more likely than boys to report weight control as a benefit of smoking.
Girls are also welcome to fill the roles of guys.
Girls are always better cooks than boys.
Girls are always smarter in school than boys.
Girls are an amazing set of girls.
Girls are an integral part of the planning process.
Girls are angels but boys are angels too.
Girls are as good as boys at anything.
Girls are as likely as boys to report smoking on a daily basis.
Girls are as likely as boys to suffer from child abuse and neglect.
Girls are at center stage and play all the roles.
Girls are at center stage playing all the roles.
Girls are at higher risk for rollerskating and gymnastics injuries.
Girls are at higher risk.
Girls are at increased risk of physical, sexual and psychological abuse from an early age.
Girls are at particular risk for eating disorders.
Girls are at risk of pregnancy and additional abuse as a result of pregnancy.
Girls are at the stage again clamoring to touch guy's ankles.
Girls are back and television's got 'em.
Girls are best friends and can be just as catty.
Girls are better at playing the piano than boys.
Girls are better readers than boys are.
Girls are better students.
Girls are bold, smart, savvy individuals.
Girls are children.
Girls are confident and enthusiastic about learning.
Girls are cool.
Girls are crazy.
Girls are daintier, more accommodating, better listeners, more interested in other people.
Girls are deadly.
Girls are deferential and distant with their husband's fathers.
Girls are different, and they're ready to play as freshmen.
Girls are different.
Girls are Different.
Girls are disproportionately the victims of physical and sexual abuse at school.
Girls are doing something, tho no one can really tell what since they're so far away.
Girls are dramatic actresses at birth.
Girls are dumb.
Girls are eager to be liked.
Girls are easier to name than boys , according to the majority of parents.
Girls are easier to talk to.
Girls are emotional, analytical and complicated.
Girls are encouraged to become nurses and hygienists, boys become fighter pilots and engineers.
Girls are entirely different.
Girls are equally capable of the highest achievement.
Girls are especially at risk of sexual exploitation, forced labour, or early and unwanted marriage.
Girls are especially at risk.
Girls are especially likely to experience internalizing difficulties.
Girls are especially the biggest fans of our belly dancing show.
Girls are especially vulnerable in early adolescence.
Girls are especially vulnerable to depression once sleep deprivation sets in.
Girls are especially vulnerable.
Girls are even more gender-specific.
Girls are evil.
Girls are far more likely than boys to br victims of dating violence.
Girls are far more likely to be victims of sexual abuse than boys.
Girls are feeling as much pressure as boys to play high school sports, athletic directors say.
Girls are female animals.
Girls are fine descendants too.
Girls are freaks.
Girls are free to share at their own pace.
Girls are funny that way.
Girls are funny.
Girls are generally more difficult to deal with.
Girls are generally more negative about their bodies.
Girls are getting into abstract analysis, They want to make intuitive leap.
Girls are good and play with dolls.
Girls are good at spelling and reading.
Girls are good at. . .
Girls are good looking and their dancing is pretty good.
Girls Are Great .
Girls are great readers.
Girls are great.
Girls Are Great.
Girls are grossly under diagnosed.
Girls are happy when anyone but their own dad coaches the team.
Girls are hard-wired to want babies.
Girls are having fun, that's all.
Girls are heavily dressed.
Girls are hot and more than willing to dance.
Girls are hot for it.
Girls are in a circle sitting on the floor with the equipment in the centre.
Girls are in pink, and boys are in blue.
Girls are in the lineup.
Girls are in their six corners.
Girls are indeed the ones who get pregnant, but it takes two to cause a pregnancy.
Girls are individual human beings and they have the right to choose and to decide their lifestyle.
Girls are innocent - Men are disgusting.
Girls are interested in the relationships between people, men and women as well as mother and child.
Girls are interested.
Girls are into mini skirts, capri pants and midriff-baring bikini tops.
Girls are into 'Neopets,' and that's about it.
Girls are into platforms and animal skin sneakers.
Girls are into shopping and gossip and relationships.
Girls are just a lot pickier about where they live.
Girls are kids.
Girls are less aggressive than boys.
Girls are less apt to use physical means of bullying.
Girls are less likely than boys to go to school, but the gap has been closing over time.
Girls are less likely than boys to participate and speak up in the science classroom.
Girls are less likely to attend or remain in school than boys.
Girls are less visible, but suffer as much as boys.
Girls are less welcome in our families than boys.
Girls are less willing than boys to take charge of building products.
Girls are like cars.
Girls are like gold.
Girls are like internet domain names.
Girls are like quantum physics.
Girls are like slugs - they probably serve some purpose, but it's hard to imagine what.
Girls are like that sometimes.
Girls are like that.
Girls are limited to one session for the week.
Girls are little more than sex objects.
Girls are luckier than boys when it comes to disease-causing mutations in genes on the X chromosome.
Girls are more afraid of becoming fat than of nuclear war, cancer or losing their parents.
Girls are more at risk from pregnancy outside marriage the longer they remain in school.
Girls are more at risk of sexual abuse than boys.
Girls are more attentive, some said, and more willing to learn.
Girls are more comfortable coming to the tools through the content.
Girls are more daring and there's definitely a shift in lifestyle.
Girls are more difficult to trace but they are, by far, the most vulnerable.
Girls are more inclined than boys to view themselves as leaders both now and in the future.
Girls are more interested in older boys.
Girls are more interested in school and spend far more time on homework.
Girls are more interested in science as a tool for solving social and environmental problems.
Girls are more into tranquilizers and sedatives.
Girls are more likely than boys to be affected by air pollution.
Girls are more likely than boys to develop depression.
Girls are more likely than boys to develop the severe, irrational fears called phobias.
Girls are more likely than boys to drop out of math as classes become more difficult.
Girls are more likely than boys to look for familiar offline brands while online.
Girls are more likely than boys to participate in volunteer activities.
Girls are more likely than boys to stay home.
Girls are more likely to attempt suicide than are boys.
Girls are more likely to attempt suicide than boys are, but boys are more likely to succeed.
Girls are more likely to be abused than boys, and most sexual abuse is committed by men.
Girls are more likely to be conceived when conception is close to the time of ovulation.
Girls are more likely to be followed by a younger sibling after a short interval.
Girls are more likely to be forced into unwanted sexual activity, which can result in pregnancy.
Girls are more likely to be sent back to detention after release.
Girls are more likely to be stressed because of relationships with their friends or their family.
Girls are more likely to be victims of sexual abuse than boys.
Girls are more likely to bully with words while boys most often resort to physical attacks.
Girls are more likely to develop idiopathic scoliosis then boys are.
Girls are more likely to display indirect aggression.
Girls are more likely to display withdrawal, passivity, clinging, and dependent behavior.
Girls are more likely to end up on the honor roll or do well in school, teachers say.
Girls are more likely to get into college, while boys are more likely to get into trouble.
Girls are more likely to keep their distress inside.
Girls are more likely to mention support and intimacy when describing dating partners.
Girls are more likely to report suicide thoughts, plans and attempts than are boys.
Girls are more practical.
Girls are more prone to absences than boys.
Girls are more prone to progressive slip than boys.
Girls are more receptive to pursuing careers in engineering and business than their grandparents.
Girls are more sensative and open while guys close off their feelings.
Girls are more subtle.
Girls are more than twice as likely as boys to have attempted suicide.
Girls are more than welcome.
Girls are more trouble than their worth.
Girls are more vulnerable and it is they who often become the victims of assaults and attacks.
Girls are more vulnerable than boys.
Girls are most likely to have been offered drugs by a female friend or family member.
Girls are much less likely to gain educational qualifications than boys.
Girls are much less likely to go to school than boys, and much more likely to leave school early.
Girls are much more fun.
Girls are much more likely to suffer late effects, for reasons still unknown.
Girls are multidimensional individuals with diverse perspectives, needs, and developmental contexts.
Girls are never on a court with more than four campers.
Girls are nice for many reasons.
Girls are nice.
Girls are notorious for trying to set friends up.
Girls are now equally likely or more likely than boys to smoke, depending on age.
Girls are often more mature and responsible than guys.
Girls are often more open to discussion than boys.
Girls are often sick during their period.
Girls are often stockmen on farms .
Girls are often stockmen on farms.
Girls are often vulnerable by the age of nine to societal pressures that deaden their assertiveness.
Girls are only interested in real skiers.
Girls are outdoing boys in the mouse department - the computer mouse, that is.
Girls are particularly under-represented in school enrolment.
Girls are particularly vulnerable to sexual violence.
Girls are particularly vulnerable to the problem.
Girls are petty, get over it.
Girls are physically and verbally harassed in the school or classroom.
Girls are polite and most can speack English.
Girls are portrayed as gatekeepers, it is their job to keep men from going too far.
Girls are prepared for entry into a wide variety of independent senior schools.
Girls are presently in third place.
Girls are pretty sometimes.
Girls are pretty, boys are smart.
Girls are pretty.
Girls are proportionally higher percentage of victims of violence, including rape.
Girls are really good at screaming and rocking out.
Girls are really hard to figure out.
Girls are responsible for their own personal needs and belongings.
Girls are same as guys but they have to have self control or be labeled a slut.
Girls are second in line only to their mothers when it comes to household responsibility.
Girls are seven times more likely to be depressed and twice as likely to attempt suicide.
Girls are sexually desirable, mothers are stable, and so on.
Girls are sexually mature when they start menstruating.
Girls are significantly less likely than boys to have their own computer.
Girls are significantly more likely to bear a child out of wedlock as teenagers.
Girls Are Silly .
Girls are silly.
Girls are simply wonderful.
Girls are slightly more advanced physically and sexually than are boys.
Girls are slightly more likely than boys to say they know a lot.
Girls are sluts.
Girls are so much better than boys, and wearing a wonderbra is a statement of empowerment.
Girls are so much more mature and articulate at that age.
Girls are so self-conscious about everything.
Girls are so skinny.
Girls are soft.
Girls are sometimes used for domestic help or forced into prostitution, they say.
Girls are still second-class citizens.
Girls are still that function.
Girls are such exquisite hell.
Girls are such sissies.
Girls are such touchy things.
Girls are sugar and spice and everything nice.
Girls are superior to boys.
Girls are supposedly more worthwhile and complete with a boyfriend on their arms.
Girls are taller than boys.
Girls are taught by society, including their family and the media, that thin is wonderful.
Girls are the best.
Girls are the enemy.
Girls are the hardest to work with.
Girls are the hub, the centre around which their situations revolve.
Girls are the ones with their hands up, asking questions, stating opinions, being heard.
Girls are the targets of harassment more often than boys.
Girls are the vast majority of victims of commercial sexual exploitation in most countries.
Girls are the worst off, with the most severe cases of malnutrition.
Girls are three times more likely than boys to attempt suicide.
Girls are to bring desserts.
Girls are to receive as good an education as boys.
Girls are to wear a dress and dark dress shoes.
Girls are to wear a skirt or dress.
Girls are to wear dresses and shoes.
Girls are tough and scary. . . .
Girls are twice as likely as boys to experience depression during adolescence.
Girls are twice as likely as boys to shirk participation in physical activity as they age.
Girls are twice as likely as boys to show affection.
Girls are twice as likely to experience depression during adolescence.
Girls are two to four times more frequently infested than boys.
Girls are under tremendous pressure to begin sexual activity and childbearing early.
Girls are underserved in gifted programs focusing on math and science.
Girls are useful in some ways.
Girls are using, too The study says middle-school girls used steroids almost as much as boys.
Girls are usually ahead of the boys in physical development.
Girls are usually available as tour guides.
Girls are usually good quality.
Girls are usually more dressed up than guys.
Girls are usually small in both height and weight for their age.
Girls are usually taller and proportionately heavier than boys.
Girls are usually the first to be withdrawn from school when money 'is tight'.
Girls are very demanding.
Girls are very important people.
Girls are very interested in learning about themselves.
Girls are very into that.
Girls are very manipulative.
Girls are very relationally oriented.
Girls are very scary.
Girls are weird.
Girls are welcome in Mites through Squirts.
Girls are welcome to attend without their mothers.
Girls are women.
Girls are young animals.
Girls are, obviously, different from boys.
Girls arrive after dinner with accompanying adults.
Girls arrive at emergency rooms.
Girls arrive at rooms.
Girls ask boys to dance.
Girls ask guys for a date, buy matching shirts for the couple, and take their date out for dinner.
Girls ask how to get into research.
Girls ask where they are going.
Girls assemble computer disk drives into a high-performance information storage system.
Girls assert social influence and structure relationships while boys seek to dominate and defeat.
Girls attempt to urinate standing up.
Girls attend school with the boys.
Girls attend troop meetings in their neighborhood or at their school.
Girls attribute academic success to luck, and academic difficulties to lack of ability.
Girls become a part of their environment.
Girls become closer to their mothers and boys to their fathers.
Girls become confident, active learners, keeping their interest in math and science strong.
Girls become confident, active learners, retaining their interest in math and science.
Girls become jealous of their mothers and begin to feel desire towards their fathers .
Girls become jealous of their mothers and begin to feel desire towards their fathers.
Girls become more rounded in the hips and their breasts begin to develop.
Girls become targets of the rebels' lust.
Girls become vulnerable to any person who desire the girls without any accompanying demand.
Girls become wives.
Girls begin an animal notebook to take home.
Girls begin making things for their trosseau as young as age six.
Girls begin making things for their trousseau as young as age six.
Girls begin practicing the art of water carrying when they are very young.
Girls begin puberty and reach their adult height earlier than boys.
Girls begin puberty before boys but reach their adult height after boys.
Girls begin puberty.
Girls begin to go underground with their abilities sometime between fifth and ninth grades.
Girls begin to ovulate and menstruate.
Girls begin to suppress and repress their natural intellectual skills and abilities.
Girls being forced into prostitution is another major problem in parts of the world.
Girls being girls, the fun is in critiquing the plot and the positions.
Girls believe that they are less adept at using technology.
Girls belong in mathematics.
Girls belong to families.
Girls belong to one of two tribes and enjoy a friendly rivalry that inspires team spirit.
Girls bend over while boys thrust their hips into the girls' backsides or faces.
Girls benefit from having more caring adults in their lives.
Girls benefit from sports just as much as boys do.
Girls benefit from such instructional tactics.
Girls break resolution.
Girls bring a special woman in their lives to discuss a great book with other moms and daughters.
Girls bring gallon size ziplock baggies and a box of tissue.
Girls bring their lunch every day but one.
Girls bring their own order into the world.
Girls bring vegetable dish.
Girls build lifelong skills at camp, while making new friends and special memories.
Girls bullying other girls is the big issue now.
Girls buy more music, books, event tickets, clothing, and health and beauty aids.
Girls call on the telephone again and again.
Girls call the show and whatnot.
Girls call to the teleclubs for free, men sit there and wait.
Girls campaign at the young age of fourteen.
Girls can advance to girl scouts.
Girls can also ask each other for help on bulletin boards.
Girls can also ask health professionals questions anonymously via e-mail.
Girls can also be in Scouts.
Girls can also get their membership free by winning one of our monthly contests. .
Girls can also have structural problems inside that can lead to an infection.
Girls can also leave messages for other people.
Girls can also plan a career, learn about a new sport or go shopping.
Girls can also play on the boys football team.
Girls can also renew their membership by winning one of our monthly contests. .
Girls can also share information like embarassing moments , birthday greetings and party ideas .
Girls can also shimmer in glitter.
Girls can also volunteer to help the club by being an editor when editorial positions are open.
Girls can also wear jumpers, skirts or skorts.
Girls can alternate turns to see who can make the best waves.
Girls can and do get pregnant the first time they have sexual intercourse.
Girls can and do math and science just fine.
Girls can and do recover from anorexia.
Girls can ask and answer each others questions and they can make friends.
Girls can ask questions of women veterinarians, web designers, and engineers.
Girls Can Be Anything .
Girls can be anything.
Girls can be bad because breaking rules is now part of the game.
Girls can be charming or coy or ditzy, and it can still be kind of cute.
Girls can be distrustful of new things when they are hormonal.
Girls can be harsh.
Girls can be hyperactive and boys can be inattentive.
Girls can be in both a sorority and a selective house, but guys have to choose between the two.
Girls can be jerks too.
Girls can be kings, anyway.
Girls can be manipulative.
Girls can be so cruel.
Girls can be so harsh sometimes.
Girls can be successful doggie de-doodiers, too.
Girls can become entangled in loyalty conflicts between the two mother figures.
Girls can become moody and irritable.
Girls can become princesses, fairies, or choose a story book princess.
Girls can become princesses, fairys, or choose a story book princess.
Girls can begin at age three and continue until they graduate from high school.
Girls can benefit as much as boys.
Girls can build up their stamina by hanging in there when the outcome is in doubt.
Girls can carry condoms too.
Girls can certainly ovulate for quite some time prior to beginning their menstrual cycles.
Girls can choose anything from party dresses to colourful leggings to printed skinny t-shirts.
Girls can choose from any of the four exciting sports.
Girls can choose to do many different things together.
Girls can choose to wear jumpers, skirts, black shorts or black pants and white blouses.
Girls can come and look at a variety of displays of nature items.
Girls can compete effectively with males in wrestling, however.
Girls can compete in the races, but few do.
Girls can continue to grow in their identification with their mothers.
Girls can deliver their pre-orders.
Girls can develop irregular heartbeats, stomach problems, and bone breaks.
Girls can do anything.
Girls can do cooooooool stuff, too.
Girls can do it if they have to.
Girls can do it, too.
Girls can do math.
Girls can do mathematics as well as boys can.
Girls can do such things.
Girls can do that.
Girls can donate completed projects to local agencies.
Girls can dress themselves, front and back are the same.
Girls can dribble, shoot and rebound if they work at it.
Girls can drink less than guys, over less time, and still have major damage done to internal organs.
Girls can earn a patch while learning about forests and recycling.
Girls can earn colorful clutch back pins for each unit of study.
Girls can earn colorful clutch-bank pins.
Girls can earn pewter finish charms for each unit of study.
Girls can earn pewter-finish charms.
Girls can earn.
Girls can easily make the switch to the bottom staff and sing up an octave.
Girls can eat out of the individual bags, so there is little clean-up necessary.
Girls can either win a contest, write an article, or shop in our mall to help support the club.
Girls can elect a music certificate for a cassette or compact disc instead of the T-shirt.
Girls can enforce conformity within the ranks through often astonishingly cruel mind games.
Girls can enjoy new challenges and exciting experiences at each stage of their education.
Girls can enter, too.
Girls can entertain visitors in the open Victorian lobby downstairs.
Girls can even go and visit the characters own web pages and help the characters with life stuff.
Girls can experience an exciting, challenging, and fun aspect of horsemanship through Vaulting.
Girls can experience vasocongestion too, just like guys.
Girls can finally wear pants.
Girls can find ideas for businesses they can start based on their personalities and preferences.
Girls can find information on female anatomy, their periods, and having a gynecological exam.
Girls can find out what a real-life astronomer does for work and fun.
Girls can find signs of the site's early history in a one-room cabin, cemeteries and old farmhouse.
Girls can get a lesson in assertiveness from boy playmates.
Girls can get bitchy as they get older.
Girls can get really impulsive when they are blinded in the moment of attraction.
Girls can have a heavy, greenish-yellow frothy discharge and pain when urinating.
Girls can have advice and contraception before sex, or after.
Girls can have bad hair days and good hair days.
Girls can have it only once.
Girls can have kids.
Girls can have similar sensations.
Girls can interact online and have their own personal page.
Girls can learn from their fathers to develop a trusting comfortable relationship with men.
Girls can learn to create the perfect party for their friends.
Girls can make it as challenging as they want to make it.
Girls can only do one thing at a time - one or the other.
Girls can participate in either basketball, cheerleading, cross country or swimming.
Girls can pass trash cans.
Girls can play and be tomboys and dress how they like.
Girls can play at rounders.
Girls can play just as good as boys can.
Girls can play just as hard as the boys.
Girls can play just as well as boys in team sports like baseball.
Girls can play marbles just as well as the boys.
Girls can play on both intra and inter camp teams.
Girls can play pool too.
Girls can read about how a female creatively triumphed over oppressive conditions.
Girls can read reviews of movies, books, Web sites and videos and post their own.
Girls can receive one campership and one grant per year.
Girls can redesign their activity schedules every two weeks.
Girls can register for one clinic or all four.
Girls can register on the first day of the camp.
Girls can replay each of the activities, which become increasingly difficult.
Girls can see lots of the changes that estrogen causes.
Girls can select dress patterns, hairstyles, hats and jewelry.
Girls can send in a description of their favorite woman in science.
Girls can shoot right alongside the boys.
Girls can stand on the low bar, jump off and set up a really effective tap.
Girls can start their periods as young as eight years old.
Girls can stay one week or longer.
Girls can' t do maths.
Girls can take an active role in preventing pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases .
Girls can talk with other girls from around the world or enter our groovy art contests.
Girls Can Tell .
Girls Can Tell is more mature and accomplished, but at the expense of the spark of spontaneity.
Girls can tell.
Girls can try their hands at a variety of arts including pottery, drawing, painting, and folk arts.
Girls can use an activity scrapbook and storybook as they complete their activities.
Girls can walk about late at night without fear of molestation.
Girls can walk alone at night without problem and young children walk to school by themselves.
Girls can walk and pee at the same time and they're harder to catch than the boys.
Girls can wear anything, from nice khaki or black pants to long skirts to short skirts to dresses.
Girls can wear jeans and cut their hair short, wear shirts and things, 'cause it's OK to be a boy.
Girls can wear makeup and high heels and boys can wear suits and all.
Girls can wear the same color shirts with pants or a uniform skirt or jumper.
Girls care for the younger children, haul water, and carry food for the animals.
Girls care for younger siblings, play with dolls, and help with shopping and household chores.
Girls carry on sophisticated conversations years before boys.
Girls carry sticks and clubs.
Girls carry water.
Girls celebrate by arranging an elaborate display of dolls .
Girls change roommates three times a year, which helps to promote new friendships and class unity.
Girls change their hair when they break up with guys.
Girls change their looks when they come into contact with the Internet.
Girls charge for one hour in the room min.
Girls choose colored gems, embedded with a variety of words.
Girls choose from pleated jumpers, skirts, pants and polo shirts.
Girls choose from pleated jumpers, skirts, pants, polo shirts and cardigans.
Girls choose, plan and conduct activities, themselves, in partnership with adults.
Girls clap on certain beats and boys shout 'ah' on other beats.
Girls click here.
Girls collect benthic organisms from local streams.
Girls come and go all the time.
Girls come and go with a steady base of about forty girls.
Girls come and go.
Girls come from countries.
Girls come from many different organizations, countries and states.
Girls come in all shapes and sizes, independent of age.
Girls come to class more confident.
Girls come to the reading centres twice a week for two-hour sessions.
Girls compared with boys are significantly less likely to spend time using computers.
Girls compete differently.
Girls compete horizontally, boys compete hierarchically.
Girls compete in basketball, cross-country, volleyball, track, and cheerleading.
Girls compete in cross-country, cheerleading, volleyball, softball, basketball, and track.
Girls compete in the areas of scholarship, talent, fitness and poise.
Girls compete in volleyball, basketball and track.
Girls compete in volleyball, tennis, cross-country, basketball, soccer, softball, track, and golf.
Girls complete regular homework activities and are tested frequently.
Girls consider school-age boys too immature to date but fine to dance with.
Girls consistently get better grades than boys all the way from elementary school through college.
Girls consistently outperform boys in high-school classrooms across Ontario.
Girls continue to be denied quality education in science and technology.
Girls continue to be heavily outnumbered by boys in physics courses.
Girls continue to drop out, repeat or fail at higher rates than boys.
Girls continue to offer their input via the campaign web site.
Girls continue to opt out of high-tech careers for reasons that still puzzle academics.
Girls continue to read sooner and write better than boys.
Girls cover eyes with hands.
Girls cover their heads with scarves.
Girls cover their throats with their hands when they feel embarrassed or shy.
Girls crave certain food.
Girls crave food.
Girls dance and show their thong.
Girls dance with girls Big orange sun.
Girls deal with aggression differently.
Girls demand more from technology than boys do.
Girls demand satisfaction . . .
Girls describe how insulting it feels to be hit on and ogled by men.
Girls deserve a chance to achieve their potential.
Girls deserve a choice.
Girls deserve better than repetitive love songs.
Girls deserve educational opportunities to prepare for interesting work and economic independence.
Girls deserve environments that embrace diversity.
Girls deserve killer boards too.
Girls deserve positive role models.
Girls deserve to be heard.
Girls develop an appreciation for good literature and become committed to reading.
Girls develop at different ages.
Girls develop breasts and boys grow hair on their faces.
Girls develop breasts and pubic and axillary hair.
Girls develop breasts during puberty due to sex hormones , mainly estrogen .
Girls develop breasts during puberty due to sex hormones, mainly estrogen.
Girls develop decision-making and leadership skills while building confidence in themselves.
Girls develop ear infection.
Girls develop eating disorders, while guys complain that the girls are unattractive.
Girls develop in general much faster than boys.
Girls develop infection.
Girls develop penis envy towards all males.
Girls develop physically sooner than boys, and both have greater interest in the opposite sex.
Girls develop quicker than boys.
Girls develop skills and build on previous skills.
Girls develop their fine motor skills first.
Girls develop very differently than boys in adolescence.
Girls die of eating disorders.
Girls die sooner than boys.
Girls dig it.
Girls discover fun, friendship, and the power of girls together.
Girls discover the fun, friendship and power of girls together.
Girls discuss their feelings.
Girls display more sexually precocious behavior when fathers are absent.
Girls do better than boys.
Girls do better with language and situational logic.
Girls do care about friendships.
Girls do crafts, earn badges, outdoor fun and activities.
Girls do have a crap load of power.
Girls do have breasts.
Girls do have nice breasts.
Girls do informal educational things like games, service, etc.
Girls do it just as much as guys do.
Girls do it too, and they can really drive their fathers crazy.
Girls do it too.
Girls do it.
Girls do just as much checking out cute guys as guys do checking out cute girls.
Girls do kick ass.
Girls do more household chores while boys work in the labor force.
Girls do more than just back that ass up.
Girls do more work.
Girls do so in America.
Girls do strange things when they're on the rebound.
Girls do the dishes and boys take out the garbage.
Girls do the same with fathers, brothers, and boys.
Girls do want to have fun.
Girls do watch more .
Girls don t have to be shy about their athleticism.
Girls don t like to be by themselves.
Girls don t wear that.
Girls doubt their confidence in math and science more often than boys.
Girls dream of dating one.
Girls dress in pink and like flowers, boys dress in blue and like science.
Girls dress in white and wear candle wreaths around their heads.
Girls dress like guys, and guys like girls.
Girls dress with raised gathered waist, lace hem.
Girls drink the least amount of milk and tend to skip morning meals most often.
Girls drop out of school because of early marriage, pregnancy, or to care for the family and home.
Girls earn more A's, boys drop out of high school more often.
Girls earn one point for every box of cookies they sell.
Girls earn rewards only through their own hard work, commitment, dedication, and goal setting.
Girls eat a higher percentage of nutritious food.
Girls eat potato.
Girls eat snacks.
Girls eat with mother and boys eat with father.
Girls ejaculate more than free pictures as well as girls with lips games.
Girls end up shy and withdrawn.
Girls enjoy different kinds of games than boys do and enjoy working on projects together.
Girls enjoy nine years free education as boys.
Girls enjoy playing cooperatively.
Girls enjoy sports just as much as boys do and the girls look a lot better while they're doing it.
Girls enjoy the daring adventures of female pirates.
Girls enjoy using interactive kiosks to register their opinions.
Girls enjoy watching the players more than the game.
Girls enjoying or exploring sex of any variety seems to raise eyebrows.
Girls enter and leave school with less computer experience than boys.
Girls enter school at an academic level above or equal to that of boys.
Girls enter their lives and leave.
Girls enter van in Kitchener, Ontario.
Girls entering eighth through entering twelfth grades are eligible.
Girls eschew cut-off jeans and tank tops for dresses and makeup.
Girls especially benefit from school meal programs.
Girls especially love it but there is enough humor and adventure to satisfy boys, too.
Girls everywhere face gender-based violence in schools that impedes equal access to education.
Girls everywhere grow-up knowing it s a reality and sadly some women accept it.
Girls examine soils from different habitats, and dig into the process of rock formation.
Girls examines the darker side of life.
Girls exchange sexual favors for money to buy shoes and books.
Girls exercise less than boys.
Girls expect to play at a slower speed.
Girls experience breast growth.
Girls experience growth.
Girls experience problems.
Girls experience reproductive problems.
Girls experience reproductive system problems.
Girls experience the emotional loss of the father directly and personally.
Girls explore aquatics, sports, environmental education, ropes course initiative, arts and music.
Girls explore the inside of a computer and take apart a floppy disk.
Girls explore the planets, moon and constellations via the computer.
Girls explore the pond and life forms it supports using aquatic nets and microscopes.
Girls explore the pond and the life it supports using aquatic nets and microscopes.
Girls express interest.
Girls face a harsh reality in many parts of the world.
Girls face a similarly grim future.
Girls face abuse, less food, and have more health disabilities and depression.
Girls face big hurdles today.
Girls face conflicting roles as they struggle with what it means to be a girl today.
Girls face expulsion if they breach the ban.
Girls face higher risk after chest radiation.
Girls face particular disadvantage, which compounds the discrimination faced by women.
Girls fall into two categories.
Girls fall victims to fellow students, but more often to teachers and school employees.
Girls far outperform boys in school and the gap is widening.
Girls fastpitch softball.
Girls fault educators for generally ignoring social pressures that girls face every day in school.
Girls feed ducks.
Girls feel alcohol's effects differently from day to day because of their menstrual cycle.
Girls feel comfortable at Salem.
Girls feel comfortable while they learn to formulate ideas and solve problems aloud.
Girls feel enormous pressure to be beautiful.
Girls feel exploitation.
Girls feel good knowing they are contributing to society.
Girls feel like girls.
Girls feel more ambivalent.
Girls feel the effects of alcohol more quickly, and health problems happen faster.
Girls fight about the dumbest things.
Girls finally learn full attacks with punches, pressure points and kicks.
Girls find a room upstairs in a factory.
Girls find attractiveness to be synonymous with thin.
Girls find it attractive if a man has had more women than baths.
Girls find out that sometimes it s 'better' to act dumb rather than promote themselves.
Girls find the smaller baseball is much easier to throw.
Girls find their teenage years more difficult than boys.
Girls find their way to the school in many different ways.
Girls flock there from the east to perform in cabarets.
Girls fly in terror, bear chases.
Girls follow mothers.
Girls freak each other in cages.
Girls free gay Hot xxx Danish girls.
Girls fucking and shaved pussy is a popular topic on the net.
Girls gain a uniquely diverse community of girls and caring adults with shared values.
Girls gain confidence.
Girls gain much more fat than boys.
Girls gain pounds.
Girls gather together to have fun, build memories, and test their skills and talents.
Girls generally achieve higher in reading and writing at all ages.
Girls generally begin menstruation about two years after the start of breast development.
Girls generally give up standing fairly soon.
Girls generally grow and mature earlier than boys.
Girls generally have the option to select either an all girls team or play co-ed.
Girls generally precede boys by approximately two years.
Girls generally prefer to work in groups because it reduces feelings of competitiveness.
Girls generally reach puberty earlier than boys.
Girls generally talk sooner than boys, and first-born children talk sooner than other children.
Girls get a hands-on feel for working in a real research lab.
Girls get a jump-start on boys when it comes to growth.
Girls get a lot of training in taking care of themselves and others.
Girls get a taste of outdoor living and an opportunity to develop new skills.
Girls get advice about being well-behaved.
Girls get advice, poetry, a calendar, interpretations and much encouragement to live positively.
Girls get better grades than boys do.
Girls get better grades, they have higher aspirations, and they are more likely to go to college.
Girls get better grades.
Girls get hand jobs.
Girls get head lice more often than boys, women more than men.
Girls get into trouble more quietly.
Girls get jobs.
Girls get mad, but they don t take it hard.
Girls get mixed messages from our culture and our schools.
Girls get more interested in chatting.
Girls get out of cars.
Girls get polyarticular arthritis more often than boys.
Girls get pregnant.
Girls get rooms.
Girls get scoliosis more often than boys.
Girls get terrible messages about sex from advertising and popular culture.
Girls get the chance to ask lots of questions and try new things.
Girls get to be angels in white satin dresses, with wings and halos.
Girls get to help each other here.
Girls get together and just play.
Girls get together to write and talk about what they ve written.
Girls get up early for drill team practice.
Girls getting together to cook, go on excursions, share beauty secrets, crafts, drama and much more.
Girls give description of driver.
Girls give roses to sailors.
Girls go by sounds, boys by pictures.
Girls go crazy over that stuff.
Girls go from being objects of revulsion to mysterious and fascinating temptresses.
Girls go gaga over a celebrity with a large weapon.
Girls go out in search of rice and exchange sex for food.
Girls go there, and they actually play the games instead of watching.
Girls go to schools.
Girls go to the gym to work out or do aerobics.
Girls go to the head of the class.
Girls go with girls, and boys with boys.
Girls go with ten girls.
Girls going through puberty have an immature cervix.
Girls grow in skill and enhance their self-confidence.
Girls grow in skill and in self-confidence.
Girls grow in skill and self-confidence.
Girls grow in skill development and in self-confidence.
Girls grow in skills and in self-confidence.
Girls grow into women.
Girls grow strong in spirit through development of values and character-building activities.
Girls grow strong through exploration in the fields of theater, art, science, dance and sports.
Girls grow up confused about what love is, often making poor choices as adolescents and young women.
Girls grow up mostly having concerns about being too large.
Girls grow up to be secretaries and nurses while boys are to be managers and doctors.
Girls grow up with other expectations.
Girls growing up now have something to dream for.
Girls growing up today face very similar representations.
Girls handle their business a lot differently than the boys.
Girls hang around outside or just inside under the telltale pink fluorescent lights.
Girls hang out with girls.
Girls have (part) arms.
Girls have (part) cell membranes.
Girls have (part) cells.
Girls have (part) cytoplasm.
Girls have (part) heads.
Girls have (part) legs.
Girls have (part) necks.
Girls have (part) nuclei.
Girls have (part) personality.
Girls have (part) plasma membranes.
Girls have (part) sections.
Girls have (part) vacuoles.
Girls have (part) woman's bodies.
Girls have a chance to achieve and excel, fostering self esteem in a fun and exciting way.
Girls have a different reward system.
Girls have a five day work week and participate in the evening camp program.
Girls have a higher chance of iron loss due to blood loss through menses and rapid growth.
Girls have a right to a future, with or without a baby.
Girls have a right to express themselves with originality and enthusiasm.
Girls have a right to prepare for interesting work and economic independence.
Girls have a right to take risks, to strive freely and to take pride in success.
Girls have a short urethra located close to the anal area.
Girls have a stronger intensity.
Girls have a tendency to be more expressive with their feelings than boys.
Girls have a tight pussy.
Girls have a tremendous desire to be independent, to have a differe nt life.
Girls have a unique opportunity to complete their education in one school and on one campus.
Girls have a urethra that is separate to the vagina and is used for passing out urine from the body.
Girls have a vagina.
Girls have a vulva with a vagina, clitoris, uterus and ovaries.
Girls have an especially difficult time adjusting to a stepmother.
Girls have an even harder time.
Girls have an underlying desire to establish control.
Girls have baby teeth.
Girls have been in a large majority in the current round of recruitment in schools, the report says.
Girls have better literary skills and express their feelings more explicitly.
Girls have better outcomes than boys, as do children born to non-Caucasian mothers.
Girls have dreams.
Girls have everything else.
Girls have eyes.
Girls have families.
Girls have fingers.
Girls have first menstrual periods.
Girls have four general ways in which they can react to the cultural pressures to abandon the self.
Girls have fun out on the track but remember guys still are faster on the track.
Girls have great opportunities to get sponsors outside of windsurfing.
Girls have have first menstrual periods.
Girls have have menstrual periods.
Girls have have periods.
Girls have images.
Girls have important things to say and perspectives to share.
Girls have just as broad tastes as boys do.
Girls have legitimate reservations about the computer culture.
Girls have life.
Girls have limited access to contraception and they have to pay.
Girls have many opportunities to socialize and participate in their favorite hobbies.
Girls have menstrual periods.
Girls have more competition for crowds because of the nights and times they're scheduled to play.
Girls have more genes than boys.
Girls have more self-respect than to be practiced upon by a sexual athlete.
Girls have no particular use for 'sissies' and they are quick to scent the sham of the pretender.
Girls have no place in the labour market of the streets.
Girls have options.
Girls have painful periods.
Girls have periods.
Girls have plenty.
Girls have power in numbers, the campaign reports.
Girls have priority.
Girls have problems.
Girls have reservations about the computer culture and with good reason.
Girls have role models.
Girls have senses.
Girls have sex.
Girls have skirts.
Girls have so much freedom here.
Girls have teeth.
Girls have the greatest disadvantage.
Girls have the opportunity to join cross country, gymnastics, volleyball, basketball, and track.
Girls have the opportunity to participate in a variety of sports and activities for fun and fitness.
Girls have the opportunity to participate in volleyball, basketball, and softball.
Girls have the opportunity to play soccer, basketball, and volleyball.
Girls have the opportunity to watch a variety of sports and discuss how they can get involved.
Girls have the potential to improve more than boys.
Girls have the privilege of proposing during leap year.
Girls have the right to enjoy and utilize computers.
Girls have the right to equal access to education.
Girls have their ambitions and dreams curtailed.
Girls have their ears pierced.
Girls have their own international network.
Girls have their own opinions on guys working out.
Girls have their own unique needs and desires.
Girls have tits.
Girls have to aspire to be like the latest supermodels, they have to hold back age.
Girls have to be relieved from domestic work to study and later participate in politics.
Girls have to contend with both gender norms and ethnic norms.
Girls have to know right here and now that they re gonna wait until they re married.
Girls have to remain virgins so the young men turn to each other for sexual outlets.
Girls have to settle for smaller and less.
Girls have to stick together in a village filled with over a hundred other boys.
Girls have to work really hard to take control of their lives.
Girls have too many shoes and too many clothes.
Girls have twice as much work as boys.
Girls have two ovaries, and each ovary holds thousands of eggs.
Girls have two ovaries.
Girls have two sets on stage.
Girls have two X chromosomes, but only one is active in any given cell.
Girls have unique health issues that warrant special attention and access to services.
Girls have urethras.
Girls have vaginas.
Girls have weaknesses and strengths, and boys have weaknesses and strengths, too.
Girls have whole life.
Girls have windows.
Girls have wonderful ideas and opinions and are willing to share when asked.
Girls head the majority of such households.
Girls help both their fathers in the fields and their mothers in the kitchen.
Girls help care for the younger children, carry food for the animals, and haul water.
Girls help care for the younger children, haul water, and carry food for the animals.
Girls help their mothers cook and help care for the younger children.
Girls help their mothers cook and help care for younger children.
Girls help their mothers with the housework and learn how to embroider.
Girls here are free to have fun.
Girls Here are some favorite software titles designed especially for girls.
Girls hide things in dark places, like drawers and boxes and mother's purse.
Girls hold hands and murmur.
Girls host online chats in the Chat Village and hold sleepover parties.
Girls Incorporated also informs policy makers about girls' needs locally and nationally.
Girls Incorporated focuses on the special needs of girls.
Girls inherit a stall from their aunt or mother when they have learnt to trade.
Girls inherit X chromosomes from both parents, but boys only inherit one, from their mothers.
Girls interact with a complex cast of characters, all of whom have secrets of their own.
Girls internalize negative body image.
Girls involved in sports are more likely to use birth control than teenage non-athletes.
Girls involved in sports have fewer sexual partners.
Girls involved in sports have more to offer, and are in a better position to say 'no' and mean it.
Girls is a subjective term for the two in the middle here.
Girls is just plain wonderful theater.
Girls jiggle their titties around in circles, first to the left, twice, then back to the right.
Girls just don t feel comfortable.
Girls just fly.
Girls just grow up faster than boys.
Girls just know that.
Girls just love the whole secrets thing.
Girls just wanna have cum.
Girls just wanna have fun, but bad girls just wanna be loved, apparently.
Girls just wanna have fun.
Girls just wanna have funds.
Girls keep out.
Girls keep studying and do well.
Girls kick ass.
Girls kick butt.
Girls kissing is cool.
Girls knee at the bottom of the pole and slide their hands down.
Girls know how cruel it can be to judge someone by the color of their body.
Girls know the satisfaction of individual accomplishment and working cooperatively.
Girls know they are losing themselves.
Girls lack sparkle.
Girls lag boys in computer skills.
Girls laugh off danger signals .
Girls Lean Back Everywhere .
Girls learn about and experience the diversity of our society.
Girls learn about and practice minimal impact camping.
Girls learn about being female from modeling themselves on their mothers.
Girls learn about child care and parenting skills and having a healthy baby.
Girls learn about ecology science through a wide array of hands-on exhibits.
Girls learn about first aid, personal safety, healthy eating, and keeping fit.
Girls learn about masturbation accidentally if at all.
Girls learn about menstruation.
Girls learn at an early age to look before they sit, or suffer the consequences of a soggy bottom.
Girls learn basic language before boys do.
Girls learn best and gain self-confidence through collaboration with other students and faculty.
Girls learn better from female teachers.
Girls learn from an early age to perform the dances through which legends are passed down.
Girls learn from e-mentors, women in the high tech sector who communicate with the girls via email.
Girls learn from most TV that it is a man's world, and learn to displace their own perspective.
Girls learn goal-setting while having a blast The Fall Product Sale is in full swing.
Girls learn how to be an entrepreneur - and to think like one.
Girls learn how to meet the public, thereby helping to build their self-confidence.
Girls learn how to respond and shape their lives in an attempt to avoid violence.
Girls learn in an atmosphere of security.
Girls learn lessons.
Girls learn sales, marketing and business skills as well as some very important people skills.
Girls learn science in a more cooperative manner.
Girls learn that boys are first and more important than they are.
Girls learn that society accepts violence against women.
Girls learn the basics of the ph scale as they conduct their own tests on common substances.
Girls learn the difference between affection and sex from their fathers.
Girls learn the importance of education and trying new things.
Girls learn the principles of being a good student, family member and community citizen.
Girls learn to be nice rather than honest.
Girls learn to defer, to pull back, to feel less important.
Girls learn to prepare food and cook from their mothers, from an early age.
Girls learn to read boys.
Girls learn to ride horses, participate in water front activities, and develop outdoor skills.
Girls learn to take care of themselves and of others in their family.
Girls learn to work as a team on the junior varsity and varsity squads.
Girls learn valuable lessons.
Girls learn what to expect from marriage from their fathers.
Girls learn while they are having fun, too.
Girls learn, make friends and become knowledgeable, responsible and proud.
Girls leave bathrooms.
Girls leave homes.
Girls leave the summits with an action plan for addressing their concerns.
Girls lesbian twin pics and mpegs of young girls pissing.
Girls Let the children lie down on long sheets of brown or white paper and trace each other.
Girls lie in beds.
Girls like to be lumberjacks and boys like to wear silky stuff too.
Girls like to be played with, and rumpled a little, too, sometimes.
Girls like to be treated with respect, like they're special.
Girls like to buy cosmetics with their extra money.
Girls like to do it.
Girls like to feel good about themselves.
Girls like to go to caf s to drink coffee, talk and hang out with friends.
Girls like to have their rumps licked.
Girls like to join clubs and take classes with friends.
Girls like to join clubs and take classes with their friends.
Girls like to look nice.
Girls like to play games so find a women.
Girls like to play water polo, hockey and basketball.
Girls like to play with it.
Girls like to run and gun, shoot the three.
Girls like to see that.
Girls like to share stuff with their friends and ask opinions on what to do.
Girls like to speak about fashion, boys, school and their experiences.
Girls like to talk things out as they learn and put ideas in clear, everyday language.
Girls like to wear chokers and necklaces.
Girls limit their own expectations.
Girls listen a lot better then guys.
Girls listen to official.
Girls live in a world including father, brothers, boyfriends, and perhaps husband and son.
Girls live under the earth.
Girls locate and explore the four different taste buds on their tongues.
Girls look good.
Girls look like moms.
Girls looks really great.
Girls lose out in terms of physical development, self-determination, and developing independence.
Girls lose weight.
Girls love a male full of confidence.
Girls love bad boys.
Girls love cologne.
Girls love creating beautiful items.
Girls love dogs.
Girls love 'em.
Girls love getting mail.
Girls love guys who are drunk.
Girls love it.
Girls love ponies.
Girls love shoes.
Girls love summer camp.
Girls love that stuff.
Girls love the crunch.
Girls love the cute characters and the theme of rescuing grandpa.
Girls love the hair.
Girls love to argue and get value through communication more than boys.
Girls love to be wooded and won.
Girls love to chat.
Girls love to pretend and dress up for parties.
Girls love to see a job is going to make a difference in people's lives.
Girls make a close group of friends with whom they can study and relax.
Girls make adjustment.
Girls make as much as they can of their developing breasts, while boys worry about measuring up.
Girls make decisions while planning trips, working on badges, or during meetings.
Girls make it for practicing embroidery.
Girls make lunch.
Girls make or buy their own black concert gowns.
Girls make some paper dolls and boys make some airplane.
Girls make their own weather station.
Girls make up about one third of our students.
Girls make up only a small percentage of students in computer classes and technology-related fields.
Girls make up only a small percentage of students in computer science classes.
Girls make up the largest single group of children out of school.
Girls marry at very young ages in order to have a home.
Girls mature faster than boys.
Girls may have trouble.
Girls meet girls.
Girls meet twice a week at local schools and parks to practice and play games.
Girls meet twice a week during homebase, once as a sectional and once with the full chorus.
Girls meet weekly to acquire practical and leadership skills, make friends and have fun.
Girls miss out on education, or learn poorly, for many reasons.
Girls miss parents.
Girls move from tears to hugs.
Girls nationwide own an average of eight Barbies.
Girls need light.
Girls needs for meaningful work and employment activities are addressed early in the program.
Girls never do.
Girls never miss.
Girls normally have small amounts of clear discharge.
Girls now are even more violent than boys.
Girls now get in for half off the price of admission.
Girls now have girls to look up to.
Girls now make up one quarter of the adolescents arrested for violent crimes.
Girls now outnumber boys at primary level.
Girls now outnumber boys entering college.
Girls now outnumber boys insome schools.
Girls now represent nearly one-third of all youth referred to the department.
Girls offer extra.
Girls only become of interest to the system again when they become pregnant.
Girls only catch the heat because they make it an issue rather that try to prove it wrong.
Girls only play volleyball in bikinis.
Girls open doors.
Girls organize and lead.
Girls outnumber boys in all extracurricular activities except sports.
Girls outscore boys in reading.
Girls own site.
Girls packing are so sexy.
Girls pair up with a partner and face each other.
Girls parade around in skimpy swimsuits and low-cut dresses.
Girls participate in a unique educational environment.
Girls participate in all possible regular camp activities.
Girls participate in equal numbers and are quite comfortable in using the computer.
Girls participate in games.
Girls participate in soccer.
Girls participate in writing contests, art contests and poetry contests.
Girls participating in high school spring sports are welcome.
Girls pay attention.
Girls peeing In public becomes epidemic.
Girls peek at nude male wrestlers.
Girls perform a fast-paced dance, while their male classmates drum a rhythmic beat.
Girls perform at levels.
Girls perform on floor, vault, uneven bars, and balance beam.
Girls pick at food and turn into vegetarians.
Girls pick up speech a little bit quickly, probably because they begin to walk a little bit quicker.
Girls pique themselves on the number of such tributes.
Girls play barbie.
Girls play baseball, and boys play with dolls.
Girls play football, boys play netball and nobody minds.
Girls play hockey and tennis.
Girls play in a competitive league with area teams.
Girls play in small groups, usually relegated to the leftover places on the playground.
Girls play it off.
Girls play more with their minds than their thumbs.
Girls play netball in school.
Girls play non-contact lacrosse, as specified by the rules, so the equipment costs are minimal.
Girls play softball.
Girls play tennis, water ski and laugh a lot when having their periods.
Girls play the game of puchi and sing kumarapunei geeta.
Girls play with a single best friend or in small groups.
Girls play with dolls and work with each other socially, while boys wage mock wars with one another.
Girls playing boy's house league or church hockey are eligible to play girls rep.
Girls ply the mangrove for oysters.
Girls pose huge problems.
Girls pose problems.
Girls possess good discussion skills, whilst boys reach a satisfactory level.
Girls possess great strength and great potential.
Girls prefer guys who tell the truth.
Girls prefer sexual intrigue and emotional conundrums.
Girls prefer their left frontal lobe and boys prefer their right.
Girls prefer to walk faster because of unhygienic and anti- social elements present on the way.
Girls prepare meals at outdoor fire site.
Girls present themselves as challenges.
Girls press forward against the stage.
Girls pull away before boys.
Girls raised by authoritarian parents or who feel compelled to please their parents are at risk.
Girls range in ages.
Girls rate themselves significantly lower on computer ability.
Girls reach ages.
Girls reach puberty around age twelve, two years earlier than boys.
Girls reach puberty.
Girls read comics when there are comics for girls to read.
Girls read magazines to learn to catch guys.
Girls read more books.
Girls really add to the experience.
Girls really are pretty smart.
Girls really like talking about movies.
Girls really love the soft quilted high quality blankets.
Girls receive a t-shirt for the league.
Girls receive an X from each parent, so their intelligence genes come from both.
Girls receive individual awards for their sales.
Girls receive instruction in floor exercise, balance beam, uneven bars, and vaulting.
Girls receive less education than boys.
Girls receive less education, less medical care, and less food than do boys.
Girls receive less encouragement than boys from teachers, counselors, and other school personnel.
Girls receive pink blankets, while boys get blue.
Girls receive two X chromosomes, one from each parent.
Girls reject boys.
Girls relate to the character.
Girls remain officially bared from most types of education.
Girls remain slightly more likely to be abused than boys do.
Girls remain with their mothers until they are married.
Girls renew friendships and look forward to seeing other troops.
Girls renew their Promise.
Girls report friends and relationships to be a more frequent cause of emotions.
Girls report greater levels of fear and anxiety and lower levels of anger.
Girls require treatment more often than boys.
Girls resent pretty girls who tease and taunt with thighs that are pretty and breasts that are too.
Girls reside in a college dormitory.
Girls retire at adolescence, then women emerge.
Girls retrieve the ribbons and run.
Girls return from the mountains with bags of wild grass on their backs.
Girls return from the river, where their virginity was inspected by the old ladies.
Girls return home from school, passing maximum security prisoners working in a garden.
Girls return the favour.
Girls ride their horses round the quiet, leafy lanes.
Girls rip off their sleeves and the flesh is sweet and white, like wood under green bark.
Girls risk staying single by waiting for a smart guy.
Girls rock seriously hard. . .
Girls room with other students of a similar grade level.
Girls rule, now and for the foreseeable future because the public has spoken.
Girls run a between two and five times greater risk of being the victim of sexual abuse.
Girls run away, fight with staff.
Girls Run in a thong.
Girls run past in shorts and t-shirts.
Girls run two miles while guys run three.
Girls run two miles while guys run two.
Girls say no when they really mean yes.
Girls say pajamas are easy to wear, comfortable and fashionable.
Girls say that it seems too easy when it closes the very first date.
Girls say the guys are too possessive and controlling.
Girls say they enjoy math in earlier grades, but tend to shy away in adolescence.
Girls say they're excited about future.
Girls scream and chase after celebrities.
Girls scream their names, and little kids run down the street trying to get their autographs.
Girls see a disconnect between their job preferences and the characteristics of computer jobs.
Girls see boyfriends.
Girls see cool guys.
Girls see guys.
Girls see it as an easy way to talk to people and get free drinks.
Girls see men.
Girls see that the nipples are budding and the breasts beginning to grow bigger and rounder.
Girls see themselves differently.
Girls seem to be more and more successful at it.
Girls seem to be more successful in the education process.
Girls seem to be using the Internet as often as boys, although for different reasons.
Girls seem to develop the ability to communicate earlier than boys.
Girls seem to do better overall than boys.
Girls seem to enjoy it somewhat while men plot to sneak off to the closest taverna.
Girls seem to enjoy it while men plot to sneak off to the closest taverna.
Girls seem to have a less confident attitude toward technology.
Girls seem to have studied the same topics as boys, perhaps with more 'relevant' questions.
Girls seem to learn faster than boys.
Girls seem to like it, because it's very soft.
Girls seem to like relationships and friends are the best source.
Girls seem to like to talk about things quietly.
Girls seem to love sarcasim.
Girls seem to love the game as well.
Girls seem to prefer some story-based or narrative element, either explicit or implicit.
Girls seem to start the maturity process towards adulthood sooner than boys do.
Girls seem to work the system a little better.
Girls send e-mails with video clips of themselves to their boyfriends.
Girls serve drinks among the crowds continuously.
Girls shave the hair in their armpits to avoid competing with their big, hairy vaginas.
Girls show all, removing their panties and bras.
Girls show an advantage in verbal memory and finger dexterity by ages five and three, respectively.
Girls show choir sings in two and three parts.
Girls show off their pussy.
Girls show the pictures to their parents.
Girls shriek while guys shake their heads in disbelief.
Girls sign up in teams and the tournament lasts over a period of weeks.
Girls sing songs.
Girls sit high in the belly.
Girls sit in a circle and play begins much like musical chairs.
Girls sit in a circle.
Girls sleep in one room, boys in another.
Girls smile and point to the camera as though they just noticed it.
Girls soon learn how to make the most of a good point, to conceal or redeem a bad one.
Girls Speak Out .
Girls Speak Out.
Girls speak with exaggerated valley-girl airhead accents.
Girls spend less time in sports and boys spend more time as they grow older.
Girls spend more nights than boys in their mothers' households.
Girls spend more time sending electronic greeting cards and doing homework.
Girls spend the day outside having fun with their peers, but spend the night at home.
Girls spend too much time worrying about what's outside instead of what's inside.
Girls squeeze bottles of cleansing bleach and suck chocolate bars.
Girls stand a chance of having a normal x gene to mask the defective x gene.
Girls stand almost on the heads of the grandmothers.
Girls stand in neighborhoods.
Girls stand silently, swaying with their prayer books.
Girls start dance training sometimes as early as three years old.
Girls start getting intrested in finding a partner very early in life.
Girls start life growing physically faster and at a more steady rate.
Girls start puberty.
Girls start school scoring ahead of boys and leave scoring behind.
Girls start thinking about using their voice and what their tone of voice says to the world.
Girls start to develop breasts, gain weight on the hips, and develop curvier bodies.
Girls start to grow into women and boys into men.
Girls starve seeking acceptance.
Girls stay active and quick into old age.
Girls stay at home to help their mothers cook and care for the younger children.
Girls stay dry in rain delay before Game Two.
Girls stay short and stout and the onset of menses is delayed or absent for a very long period.
Girls still grow up thinking of work as an option, while boys know it as a necessity.
Girls still insist on tiresome preliminaries.
Girls still lag behind their male counterparts in advanced placement calculus and chemistry.
Girls still live in a fairly protected environment.
Girls struggle with relationships, friendships and teachers at school.
Girls study in the morning and then play hockey and lift weights in the afternoon.
Girls submit one booklet containing seven names and complete addresses on individual cards.
Girls suck too.
Girls suffer a dramatic loss of self-esteem during adolescence.
Girls suffer from health problems.
Girls suffer from penis envy.
Girls suffer from problems.
Girls suffer from similar problems.
Girls supposedly prefer cooperative activities, so they are natural team players.
Girls survive infection.
Girls sweep out the classroom floor regularly after boys lift the chairs onto the desks.
Girls swim, canoe, ride horses, make crafts, cookout, hike, sing, play games, and learn new skills.
Girls take a computer apart to see how it works.
Girls take apart a computer to see how it works.
Girls take charge.
Girls take everything absolutely literal, therefore are much harder on each other.
Girls take everything so seriously.
Girls take fewer computer science and computer design courses than do boys.
Girls take fewer computer science and design courses.
Girls take leadership roles and boys develop stronger language skills.
Girls take so long in the bathroom, and they like to gossip.
Girls take their injuries very lightly.
Girls take, take, take, but never give in return.
Girls talk about family, friends, body image, and societal expectations.
Girls talk about six packs and butts just like guys talk about girls.
Girls talk about that all the time.
Girls Talk about their Families.
Girls talk about to other girls.
Girls talk more, so they develop better verbal skills.
Girls talk too much.
Girls team up to ride tandem.
Girls teen porno free without asian freeoral sex pictures.
Girls tell the leader the agenda.
Girls tend to ask for metallic and vinyl material, in metallic shades of red, green and turquoise.
Girls tend to assess their general athletic ability more negatively than boys do.
Girls tend to associate success at dieting with success in other areas of their lives.
Girls tend to back-stab and gossip too much.
Girls tend to be clustered closer to the middle.
Girls tend to be interested in character and story and social complexity in their play.
Girls tend to be more introverted, depressed, easily frightened, uneasy around adults.
Girls tend to be more religious.
Girls tend to be real cuddlers less boistruss.
Girls tend to be sexually and emotionally mistreated more than boys.
Girls tend to bully girls.
Girls tend to bully when they're in groups.
Girls tend to cluster in lower-end data entry and word processing classes.
Girls tend to develop complete control of the elimination process earlier than boys.
Girls tend to develop language skills more quickly than boys.
Girls tend to do better at some things and worse at other things than boys.
Girls tend to drop out of sports and physical education at an earlier age than boys.
Girls tend to drop out of the science pipeline earlier than boys.
Girls tend to excel boys in English and arts subjects.
Girls tend to favor games that involve either educational material or adventure scenarios.
Girls tend to get back at each other, even if something happened several games ago.
Girls tend to get more attention than others on the net.
Girls tend to get very discouraged in the areas of math and science and in return get lower grades.
Girls tend to handle divorce better and have fewer serious problems than boys.
Girls tend to have attention deficit without hyperactivity.
Girls tend to have more severe scoliosis than do boys.
Girls tend to have several competing cliques, boys have a dominant one.
Girls tend to like or dislike themselves based on their physical appearance.
Girls tend to like to play with girls and boys tend to like to play with boys.
Girls tend to like to play with girls, and boys tend to like to play with boys most of the time.
Girls tend to outscore boys in such sections.
Girls tend to play with girls, often acting out more tranquil pursuits.
Girls tend to prefer concrete reasoning.
Girls tend to print neatly and follow directions.
Girls tend to reach puberty earlier than boys.
Girls tend to respond to failure by becoming withdrawn and passive.
Girls tend to see computers as a means of achieving a concrete goal.
Girls tend to show a decline in self esteem and body image during early adolescence.
Girls tend to still focus on social service careers, teaching, nursing.
Girls tend to suffer more than boys do from such deficiencies.
Girls tend to support the focal role of boys and adopt more private routes to contact with teachers.
Girls tend to take a free association approach.
Girls tend to take ephedra because it is associated with weight loss.
Girls tend to train earlier than boys.
Girls tend to train sooner than boys.
Girls tend to use computers for word processing.
Girls tend to work their way through the maze as a group.
Girls tend toward self-criticism.
Girls then do well in their exams throughout school life, usually beating the boys and coming top.
Girls there are usually pretty good looking on certain nights.
Girls think about being the mates of their fathers.
Girls think for themselves.
Girls think it's impossible to tell about such serious things if two persons met never.
Girls Think of Everything.
Girls think that computers are for geeks and nerds.
Girls to become mothers.
Girls to stay with relatives.
Girls touch girls.
Girls track involves running, throwing, and hurdle jumping.
Girls train earlier.
Girls travel back in time and design and decorate presidential fashions.
Girls travel from all over London to attend the school .
Girls travel from all over London to attend the school.
Girls travel in groups.
Girls travel soccer team.
Girls traveling alone or with a girlfriend have some special considerations with regard to safety.
Girls try to protect both themselves and their friends from the more unpleasant effects of partying.
Girls try to whine their way into getting birthday show tickets.
Girls turn anorexic or bulimic to look like models, actors, and other people in the media.
Girls turn away in apparent horror when asked about their lives.
Girls turn into women.
Girls typically get less attention, less praise, less criticism, and less encouragement than boys.
Girls typically have higher rates of infestation than boys do.
Girls typically reach their adult height by about age .
Girls typically receive less encouragement than boys to use technology.
Girls typically start puberty a year or two earlier than boys.
Girls undergo markedly less overproduction and pruning than boys.
Girls understand boys better than boys understand boys.
Girls understand their responsibilities as travelers.
Girls undertake heavy domestic work at a very early age.
Girls use computer software to learn bird identification, songs and habitat.
Girls use computers and meet with mentors to help enhance their knowledge in many technical fields.
Girls use computers less often outside of school.
Girls use different criteria in choosing their special dress.
Girls use it for school, for word processing, as a means to an end.
Girls use lighter poles than boys, as pole weight is matched to body weight.
Girls use pads.
Girls use tambourines.
Girls use the geometric shapes to construct a picture.
Girls use the Internet as much as boys do.
Girls use the Internet as much as boys, but in different ways.
Girls use the Internet as much as boys.
Girls use the Internet for education, schoolwork, e-mail and chat rooms.
Girls use the Internet more for homework and chat while boys focus on entertainment.
Girls value the physical changes that accompany puberty much less than boys do.
Girls vary from average to excellent.
Girls verses the boys huh.
Girls view body changes, such as increased fat layers, as negative.
Girls view the world in terms of relationships.
Girls walk down streets.
Girls walk out in the parking lot numerous time during the night and do favors for guys.
Girls walking girls is all about maximising the sex 'n' fun factor without sex getting in the way.
Girls watch more on week ends.
Girls watch movies.
Girls watch porn for amusement.
Girls watch science fiction and boys watch soap operas.
Girls wear a light colored dress, nylons, and dress shoes.
Girls wear a long satin skirt with a matching satin vest.
Girls wear a shaped panted headband or a s pp li wreath-like band decorated with metal studs.
Girls wear a skirt and a blouse.
Girls wear baggy T-shirts over bras and shorts.
Girls wear black tights, black body suit or trunks with any color top.
Girls wear dark-blue sailor blouses and skirts.
Girls wear light-blue pinafore dress and polo or sport shirts.
Girls wear long flowered dresses and clunky shoes with stacked soles and heels.
Girls wear mostly shirts or blouses with slacks, jeans or skirts.
Girls wear pants.
Girls wear pink.
Girls wear plad skirts and boys wear kilts.
Girls wear pony tail and boys slick-back ducktail with grease.
Girls wear pony tail and boys with slick-back ducktail with grease.
Girls wear portable collars.
Girls wear saris and punjabi.
Girls wear shawal korta and boys wear shawal kamiz.
Girls wear short skirts and no tops but boys wear bhesus.
Girls wear shorts and tank tops all year long.
Girls wear silk ribbons or a wreath-like headband.
Girls wear silver or aluminium pyjeb on their feet and silver or golden locket or chain on the neck.
Girls wear skirts or dresses and boys wear shorts.
Girls wear small crowns with ribbons hanging down their back or flower wreaths.
Girls wear tembleques in their hair.
Girls wear the Islamic head scarf, the hijab, and pinafores or trousers, or sometimes both.
Girls wear the Islamic headscarf, the hijab, and school stops for midday and afternoon prayers.
Girls wear white or navy socks.
Girls Welcome back.
Girls welcome to play or cheerlead.
Girls will have discharge.
Girls win games.
Girls wonder about many things.
Girls work hard also.
Girls work in groups, which helps increase their mutual understanding.
Girls work longer hours.
Girls work on their own as well as in small reading and mathematics readiness groups.
Girls work toward achievements.
Girls work toward interest patches to help determine possible career goals.
Girls work with program resources in their appropriate age level.
Girls working in the club are from Montreal, New York, Halifax and even Alberta.
Girls working there are practically naked, tempting males to buy more shots.
Girls worry about their breast size.
Girls worship the goddess throughout the preceding fortnight.
Girls wrassle in apple sauce.
Girls wrestle girls and boys wrestle boys.
Girls write in about anything and no one is put down.
Girls write their own scripts, work the cameras, learn the studio, editing and much more.
Girls yield more easily and avoid physical fighting.
Girls yoke themselves to a plough and drag it into a river, wading in the water up to their girdles.
Girls always babysat for spending money.
Girls always come first.
Girls always think that they are fat.
Girls often ask out boys and pay for the date, too.
Girls often begin the changes of puberty before boys.
Girls often end up as domestic workers or prostitutes.
Girls often end up as domestic workers.
Girls often enter their active reproductive years in late adolescence with poor iron status.
Girls often exhibit ADHD by appearing overly social and excessively talkative.
Girls often experience lower back pain with their menstrual periods.
Girls often face the journey alone, risking their sense of self and purpose along the way.
Girls often feel pressure to look good all the time.
Girls often get less education, less food and less health care.
Girls often have a severe drop in self -esteem during the middle school years.
Girls often have doubts and fears about their own future relationships.
Girls often have their marriages negotiated by their fathers before they are born.
Girls often like to be someone special or specific.
Girls often marry at a young age, bear children soon after, and receive only minimal schooling.
Girls often miss out on educational opportunities, especially in poorer areas of Ghana.
Girls often receive gifts of amber when they get married.
Girls often receive less attention than boys in the prevention and treatment of childhood diseases.
Girls often run when a boyfriend breaks their heart.
Girls often seem to take more responsibility than boys in students' councils and in project work.
Girls often serve as honour attendants, maids, or flower girls.
Girls often sit nicely in their seats, while boys are more likely to move about.
Girls often start to fast for a few days when they are nine years old and boys at the age of twelve.
Girls often stumble on it accidentally.
Girls often surpass boys in school examinations.
Girls often view anything less than an A as failure, so pour on the encouragement.
Girls often wear skirts, knee socks and loafers.
Girls often wear thin pink scarves, mid-length leather jackets, skirts and strappy stiletto shoes.
Girls sometimes binge and purge in groups.
Girls sometimes feel more comfortable with cooperative learning than individual competition. . . .
Girls sometimes reach motherhood before womanhood, boys become fathers before they become men.
Girls usually are well into toilet-training.
Girls usually ask that with the oddest expression of pleasure on their faces.
Girls usually become curvier, they gain weight on their hips and their breasts develop.
Girls usually begin pointe work after three years of training.
Girls usually begin puberty and reach maturity about two years earlier than boys.
Girls usually develop verbal skills sooner than boys, an edge they carry through to adulthood.
Girls usually have a greater amount of work to do than boys.
Girls usually have bladder control before boys do.
Girls usually have their first menstrual period about two years after puberty starts.
Girls usually learn toileting before boys.
Girls usually play in small groups while boys play in larger groups.
Girls usually start to mature earlier than boys.
Girls usually take over the roles of their sick mothers and care for other family members.
All girls always stay on the same diagonal they started on.
All girls age seven to eighteen are encourages to participate.
All girls are barely legal.
All girls are eager to become the chosen one.
All girls are natural scientists and mathematicians when they are young.
All girls are responsible for their own personal gear and share in camp kapers.
All girls are teases.
All girls are very lovely and sexy.
All girls are welcome.
All girls come in for a good time.
All girls come with street addresses.
All girls complain about the stupidest, littleist, pathetic things to bith about.
All girls feel that way.
All girls go for the hot guys.
All girls have a bio with contact info.
All girls have it once.
All girls have nice tits and fresh juicy pussies.
All girls learn to cook at their Mothers elbow.
All girls like to play nurse.
All girls like to touch each other's ginnie.
All girls love it because of the design and the small size.
All girls offer oral sex without condom.
All girls play every game.
All girls play two innings on defense and bat the entire game.
All girls receive a participation certificate signed by their instructors.
All girls receive a rhinestone crown and Hawaiian doll.
All girls remain young at heart with a little teen spirit .
All girls resist a little.
All girls start to experience a confusion of emotions when their hormones kick in at puberty.
All girls swim caps have been personalized.
All girls take school lunch.
All girls think they are women.
Any girl can be at risk.
Any girl can be glamorous.
Any girl can be glamourous.
Any girl can be happy.
Any girl can contact through mail.
Any girl can join, and volunteers, parents or girls, are welcome to join the crew.
Any girl can transport the family genes into the next generation.
Any girl entering first grade through twelfth grade is welcome at camp.
Any girls thinking about it go here.
Any girls wanting to play fast-pitch softball from the Crest High district is invited to register.
Every girl also receives a patch based on the number of boxes sold.
Every girl everywhere is a princess.
Every girl experiences the same tryout judged by the same indiscriminate judges.
Every girl has a chair to sit on.
Every girl has a different story.
Every girl has a dream house.
Every girl has a voice in class.
Every girl has some good points.
Every girl is a goddess.
Every girl is a princess, every girl needs a princess doll.
Every girl is an important link and every girl makes a difference.
Every girl is dangerous.
Every girl is different.
Every girl is somebody s daughter.
Every girl is special and unique.
Every girl is very different, so it's impossible to come up with one right way to ask girls out.
Every girl learns at a young age to stay away from boys with kooties.
Every girl likes to be fought for.
Every girl looks better than the last.
Every girl loves a guy who stands tall and proud.
Every girl loves a tea party.
Every girl needs a poodle skirt for dancing the night away.
Every girl needs a screwdriver.
Every girl needs one.
Every girl needs sugar around.
Every girl needs to feel wanted and accepted within the group.
Every girl now has a dream of playing on a state championship team.
Every girl now wants to wear a shoe and a bag to match.
Every girl plays a minimum of two innings.
Every girl s best friend.
Every girl wants to ride the Danaconda.
Many girls often develop rapidly and can look older than their actual age.
Many girl become bhikshuni.
Many girls already enjoy the participation in it.
Many girls also experience abdominal cramps during the first few days of their periods.
Many girls are concerned about the size and shape of their breasts.
Many girls are missing, many remain unidentified.
Many girls are pregnant from rapes by LRA soldiers.
Many girls are prone to labial fusion or adhesion.
Many girls are too shy to make the first move.
Many girls are unhappy with the shape of their body and the way they look.
Many girls avoid hemming their gowns by buying shoes with higher heels.
Many girls become severely depressed to the point of contemplating and attempting suicide.
Many girls can remember the exact day they started.
Many girls carefully rinse in cold water and use a very mild soap.
Many girls come from violent homes and have histories of abuse or neglect.
Many girls come, and many girls go, With deep feeling in their hearts of the friendships they know.
Many girls compete on boys teams.
Many girls construct their memories of their mother as a trajectory.
Many girls develop a real and serious hang-up about sex that persists into their adult years.
Many girls die from bleeding to death, shock, infection or tetanus.
Many girls die from haemorrhaging, shock, infection of tetanus.
Many girls die of infection before the wound heals.
Many girls discuss their feelings about being female inventors.
Many girls do like traditional play, fashion, etc.
Many girls do.
Many girls enter their teens feeling awkward, shy, or bewildered.
Many girls especially fear competing with friends, whether in sports or at work.
Many girls even learn the trick of becoming invisible.
Many girls experience a bit of abdominal pain or cramps during their period.
Many girls experience some weight gain as freshmen.
Many girls express concern about their appearance during pledging.
Many girls face multiple charges, often including person offenses or probation violation.
Many girls feel different during adolescence.
Many girls find friends who they correspond with regularly.
Many girls find it helpful to keep a diary of when they bleed each month.
Many girls find that in a pimp.
Many girls find themselves alone or misunderstood by friends and loved ones, having nowhere to turn.
Many girls get pregnant, and are forced by the circumstances to have abortions.
Many girls get stretch marks on their breasts.
Many girls go through recruitment with little or no idea of what to expect.
Many girls have a favorite shape that they've dreamt about for years.
Many girls have a white, sticky discharge from their vaginas.
Many girls have no dreams for themselves.
Many girls have pain during their period.
Many girls have sex for non-sexual reasons and do whatever the boy wants because they want the boy.
Many girls just trade in their traditional chips and soda for milk and fruit, and it escalates.
Many girls keep busy using their electronic organizers to exchange messages with their friends.
Many girls like to be dressed pretty and colorful.
Many girls like to look at stolen porno magazines too.
Many girls lose their hymen as children in accidents, playing or masturbating.
Many girls mark a calendar with an X on the days they bleed.
Many girls mention that on the team, they run for each other.
Many girls never get the chance to attend school at all.
Many girls notice a breakout of acne right before or during their menstrual periods.
Many girls operate on limited information, misinformation, or rumors.
Many girls participate in horseback therapy , which helps strengthen muscles and improve balance.
Many girls pay for their own food or entrance to a movie.
Many girls quit their sport before ever finding out their true potential.
Many girls regularly send money home to their families.
Many girls resent that shift.
Many girls resort to abortion.
Many girls return as counselors.
Many girls return year after year.
Many girls run away from home.
Many girls sacrifice their wholeness on the altar of social acceptability.
Many girls scorn their true bodies for a false body.
Many girls scour through teen magazines, looking at the pictures of tall, thin, fair-skinned models.
Many girls see each other at dinner or library.
Many girls seek out pimps and even love their 'man'.
Many girls spend many lonely nights without a date.
Many girls start dating by going out in large groups.
Many girls start their periods around the same age as their mothers did.
Many girls start to diet in elementary school.
Many girls start with pads and then move to tampons when they want more freedom.
Many girls start with pads to become familiar with their menstrual flow.
Many girls think they're connected.
Many girls turn to alcohol or drugs.
Many girls use their mother's wedding band for the ring.
Many girls wear pantiliners to help maintain a clean and dry feeling.
Many girls work in processing depots where sexual abuse is prevalent.
Many girls work on obtaining their silver award through activities that benefit the community.
Many girls worry about being too fat, even when their weight is normal.
More girls appear in each issue than any other young girl magazine.
More girls are anemic due to iron depletion during menstruation.
More girls means more religious sisters.
More girls participate in scenario games than tournament.
Most girls also seek a apartment with security gate.
Most girls appear to learn about their sexual functioning from their clitoris.
Most girls are at seventeen.
Most girls are at stage four when they have their first period.
Most girls are more emotional than boys.
Most girls are naked and reveal their breasts, legs, ass, arse, cunt, pussy, pussy lips.
Most girls are quite honest about it all.
Most girls are taller now.
Most girls are thin and they say that they are fat.
Most girls are very accessible for talking and flirting.
Most girls arrive at emergency rooms.
Most girls arrive at rooms.
Most girls become emotionally, mentally, and physically healthy young adults.
Most girls become wives.
Most girls begin menstrual periods at about age twelve.
Most girls begin puberty.
Most girls begin to wear their first coils, weighing as much as three kg, at age five.
Most girls belong to families.
Most girls break resolution.
Most girls can have kids.
Most girls can learn to use a dilator.
Most girls can run a mile under nine minutes.
Most girls carry water.
Most girls come from countries.
Most girls come to like their breasts.
Most girls continue growing breasts for a year or two after they start menstruating.
Most girls crave certain food.
Most girls crave food.
Most girls develop a vagina, uterus and fallopian or egg tubes.
Most girls develop ear infection.
Most girls develop infection.
Most girls do fine after their parents depart.
Most girls do have breasts.
Most girls do have nice breasts.
Most girls do remember such events rather accurately.
Most girls eat potato.
Most girls eat snacks.
Most girls enter into marriages without knowing anything in life.
Most girls experience breast growth.
Most girls experience menstrual cramps during the first one or two days of their periods.
Most girls experience reproductive problems.
Most girls experience reproductive system problems.
Most girls experience some pain during their periods.
Most girls express interest.
Most girls fall somewhere in between.
Most girls feed ducks.
Most girls feel exploitation.
Most girls feel like girls.
Most girls follow mothers.
Most girls gain confidence.
Most girls gain pounds.
Most girls get jobs.
Most girls get out of cars.
Most girls get rooms.
Most girls go for the strong, solvent type.
Most girls go to schools.
Most girls gossip to elevate their own status among others, at the expense of others.
Most girls grow into women.
Most girls grow up wanting to be their moms.
Most girls hate the results and go directly home and cry.
Most girls have a growth spurt the year before they get their menstrual period.
Most girls have baby teeth.
Most girls have dreams.
Most girls have eyes.
Most girls have families.
Most girls have fingers.
Most girls have first menstrual periods.
Most girls have have periods.
Most girls have images.
Most girls have it for about five days.
Most girls have life.
Most girls have menstrual periods.
Most girls have normal pap tests.
Most girls have options.
Most girls have painful periods.
Most girls have periods.
Most girls have plenty.
Most girls have problems.
Most girls have senses.
Most girls have sex.
Most girls have teeth.
Most girls have urethras.
Most girls have whole life.
Most girls just stand there and cry for help.
Most girls just try to get the guy to go cross-town.
Most girls learn about menstruation.
Most girls learn lessons.
Most girls learn valuable lessons.
Most girls leave bathrooms.
Most girls leave homes.
Most girls lie in beds.
Most girls look like moms.
Most girls lose weight.
Most girls love dogs.
Most girls love ponies.
Most girls make adjustment.
Most girls make an appointment with their stylist to have their hair done the day of prom.
Most girls make lunch.
Most girls meet girls.
Most girls miss parents.
Most girls only wacth it because they think the boys are cute.
Most girls participate in games.
Most girls participate in soccer.
Most girls pay attention.
Most girls perform at levels.
Most girls pose huge problems.
Most girls pose problems.
Most girls prefer to wear their hair up in some style rather than down.
Most girls range in ages.
Most girls reach ages.
Most girls reach puberty.
Most girls recover from early adolescence.
Most girls reject boys.
Most girls see boyfriends.
Most girls see cool guys.
Most girls see guys.
Most girls see men.
Most girls sing songs.
Most girls stand in neighborhoods.
Most girls start having periods.
Most girls start puberty.
Most girls start to think about prom when they hit freshman year.
Most girls suffer from health problems.
Most girls suffer from problems.
Most girls suffer from similar problems.
Most girls survive infection.
Most girls tend to choose electronic organizers with a lot of fun and games built in.
Most girls use a pad or a tampon.
Most girls use pads.
Most girls walk down streets.
Most girls watch movies.
Most girls whip up a batch of cookies now and then.
Most girls win games.
Some girls frequently grind their teeth.
Some girl has two computers, one at home and one at work.
Some girls act like they are gagging or are going to puke.
Some girls aim to be teachers or community leaders, but few are able to reach that level.
Some girls also display autistic-like symptoms such as loss of social interaction and communication.
Some girls also gain weight for other reasons.
Some girls also play for middle school or traveling teams as well.
Some girls appear autistic-like with loss of social interaction and communication.
Some girls are a lot better at singles, some a lot better at doubles.
Some girls are bigger than others, some girls' mothers are bigger than other girls' mothers.
Some girls are bigger than others.
Some girls are depressed because they have lost their warm, open relationship with their parents.
Some girls are diagnosed with meningitis.
Some girls are funny about things like that.
Some girls are in sequined bustiers, some in stripy things that zip, some in tiny scraps of denim.
Some girls are just out to marry a superstar.
Some girls are like flowers.
Some girls are more flexible than others, but that's pretty much the industry standard.
Some girls are more of an exhibitionist than others.
Some girls are nice, some are mean.
Some girls are pregnant at their arrival in the centers in the Netherlands.
Some girls are prone to forming adhesions no matter how careful the parents are.
Some girls are quite enthusiastic.
Some girls are so aware of that that they stop competing with boys.
Some girls are startin' to act like that.
Some girls are tomboys and some boys are sissies.
Some girls are trained in gymnastics.
Some girls are very loud too.
Some girls arrive in fashion.
Some girls arrive in same fashion.
Some girls attack men.
Some girls attend till puperty.
Some girls begin shaving their legs or under their armpits.
Some girls begin to menstruate.
Some girls benefit from counsel.
Some girls bleed as young as nine years old.
Some girls bleed heavier than others during their periods.
Some girls break hearts.
Some girls buy milk.
Some girls can also reach for, touch, or hand a desired object or picture to an adult.
Some girls carry babies.
Some girls carry siblings.
Some girls catch crabs.
Some girls catch lizards.
Some girls chatter and giggle.
Some girls cheerlead.
Some girls choose to play on boys' teams.
Some girls choose to register as an individual.
Some girls choose to work part time instead of trying out for athletics.
Some girls collect letters from famous people.
Some girls come for refuge for three or four days.
Some girls come into rooms.
Some girls come to courts.
Some girls come to homes.
Some girls commit suicide.
Some girls continue to mature a year or two after their period starts.
Some girls crave certain foods.
Some girls dance in their birthday costume in a night club, but the local censors have been at it.
Some girls decide to shave the hair under their arms.
Some girls demonstrate abnormal growth patterns.
Some girls demonstrate abnormal patterns.
Some girls demonstrate electricity.
Some girls demonstrate growth patterns.
Some girls demonstrate patterns.
Some girls demonstrate static electricity.
Some girls describe boys.
Some girls develop breasts at a very young age but have no other signs of sexual development.
Some girls develop early, some later.
Some girls die after marshmallows.
Some girls die as a result of haemorraging, septicemia and shock.
Some girls die from brain tumors.
Some girls die from infection.
Some girls die from tumors.
Some girls die from wounds.
Some girls die in accidents.
Some girls die in attacks.
Some girls die in auto accidents.
Some girls die in separate attacks.
Some girls die of injuries.
Some girls do activities.
Some girls do blame momentary mental lapses on their hair.
Some girls do boys.
Some girls do it after school.
Some girls do it for the sex.
Some girls do simple write activities.
Some girls do that kind of thing subconsciously.
Some girls dread it.
Some girls drink tea.
Some girls drive horses.
Some girls eat dogs.
Some girls eat hot dogs.
Some girls eat oleander seeds.
Some girls eat seeds.
Some girls embark on their first diet before even leaving elementary school.
Some girls enjoy time.
Some girls enjoy touching their clitoris.
Some girls even argue that they start smoking marihuana to lose appetite.
Some girls even get their periods at different times each month.
Some girls even have sex for money.
Some girls eventually become perpetrators of violence themselves.
Some girls experience difficulty.
Some girls experience irregular vaginal bleeding for the first year.
Some girls explain energy.
Some girls face pressure from peers to have a steady boyfriend, no matter the consequences.
Some girls fall from windows.
Some girls feed pigeons.
Some girls feed pigs.
Some girls feed rabbits.
Some girls feel a terrible shame in the mistaken notion that it is all somehow their fault.
Some girls feel embarrassed when their breasts begin to grow.
Some girls feel like women.
Some girls feel that mild exercise helps relieve menstrual pain.
Some girls find bags.
Some girls find sleep bags.
Some girls find their asthma is worse around the time their periods start for the first time.
Some girls form babies.
Some girls get acne.
Some girls get attitude.
Some girls get cysts that come and go with their menstrual cycles.
Some girls get girls.
Some girls get head lice.
Some girls get housekeeping duty.
Some girls get lice.
Some girls get minks the same way minks get minks.
Some girls get new dolls for the day and others get their family's antique dolls to display.
Some girls get no pre-birth attention at all.
Some girls get periods.
Some girls get pimples a few days before.
Some girls get schools.
Some girls go to destinations.
Some girls go to special schools, while others attend their local neighborhood schools.
Some girls go way fast also to say the least.
Some girls grow up strong and bold, some boys are quiet and kind.
Some girls grow up strong and bold.
Some girls grow up without the love and affection of a father.
Some girls harass boys.
Some girls have a few spots of bleeding from the vagina during the first week.
Some girls have a history of substance abuse.
Some girls have a pillow fight.
Some girls have albinism.
Some girls have all the fun.
Some girls have all the luck.
Some girls have allergies.
Some girls have belts.
Some girls have brain injuries.
Some girls have cavities.
Some girls have conception.
Some girls have cramps with their periods.
Some girls have diabetes.
Some girls have disorder.
Some girls have fevers.
Some girls have food allergies.
Some girls have heart disorder.
Some girls have high fevers.
Some girls have infection.
Some girls have injuries.
Some girls have odors that come and go depending on their hormonal cycle and the time of the month.
Some girls have plates.
Some girls have serious allergies.
Some girls have serious food allergies.
Some girls have such severe cramps that they miss one or two days of school each month.
Some girls have to adjust their insulin accordingly.
Some girls have to play positions they never played before.
Some girls help animals.
Some girls help birds.
Some girls help city councils.
Some girls help councils.
Some girls help dogs.
Some girls hold baskets.
Some girls hold buckets.
Some girls hold cats.
Some girls hold easter egg baskets.
Some girls ignore the whistled salute entirely.
Some girls insert diaphragms.
Some girls just have abortions done.
Some girls just know how to do it.
Some girls kill rats.
Some girls knock on doors.
Some girls lead life.
Some girls learn about oxidation.
Some girls learn about reduction oxidation.
Some girls lie on beds.
Some girls lie on roads.
Some girls live in shades.
Some girls live on mountains.
Some girls look at globes.
Some girls look at world globes.
Some girls look for popularity in their friends, while others go for the independent type.
Some girls love chickens.
Some girls love fish.
Some girls love gymnastics.
Some girls love horses.
Some girls love monkeys.
Some girls love snakes.
Some girls love tests.
Some girls love the attention because they never got any attention before.
Some girls love turtles.
Some girls love types.
Some girls make chicken soup.
Some girls make perfume.
Some girls make soup.
Some girls manifest their depression by starving themselves or carving on their bodies.
Some girls move to countries.
Some girls never outgrow their fondness of pink.
Some girls normally experience a heavy flow.
Some girls notice emotional and physical changes during their menstrual cycles.
Some girls offer oral sex without condom and french kissing.
Some girls ovulate late in their cycles, but it is rare.
Some girls participate in gymnastics.
Some girls play favorite songs.
Some girls play football for fun.
Some girls play footballs.
Some girls play rugby, too.
Some girls play songs.
Some girls play sports.
Some girls play the role of customers and others play the girls.
Some girls play with trucks.
Some girls possess dogs.
Some girls prefer four wheels to two.
Some girls prefer slender gowns, while others opt for fuller dresses.
Some girls propose sex.
Some girls pull carts.
Some girls raise hands.
Some girls read, others knitted, and a few boogied to a boom box in the corner.
Some girls receive shot.
Some girls receive treatments.
Some girls receive vaccines.
Some girls refuse to cut their hair, lose weight or make other alterations in their appearance.
Some girls refuse to enter a man's family unless made welcome.
Some girls reject aspects.
Some girls resort to prostitution to raise money.
Some girls respond to notions.
Some girls ride ponies.
Some girls run away or are forced to leave by family members who disapprove of their lifestyle.
Some girls run their life between the two venues, juggling boyfriends and lies like real artists.
Some girls rush to flower shops.
Some girls rush to shops.
Some girls say it is the competition they love.
Some girls say they are being treated the same as boys in high school sports.
Some girls say they are boys.
Some girls score very high on one event, then much lower in their other three events.
Some girls scream in horror, others laugh, and others strip naked and begin to dance.
Some girls scream.
Some girls see ghosts.
Some girls see rats.
Some girls shoot stepfathers.
Some girls show emotional maturity.
Some girls show maturity.
Some girls shrink from sex.
Some girls sit in the back and braid each other's hair.
Some girls skip stage four while others remain in stage four.
Some girls sleep with boys.
Some girls sleep with guys, for the fun or rebellion of it.
Some girls sleep with work class boys.
Some girls spend hours perfecting their hair and makeup.
Some girls splurge on shoes.
Some girls sport fingernail attachments that do the same thing.
Some girls stand in fronts.
Some girls start a little earlier and some a little later, both of which are normal.
Some girls start growing very early, but then never get much bigger.
Some girls start maturing as young as eleven and boys around the age of thirteen.
Some girls start puberty early, and some start later.
Some girls stay with mothers.
Some girls still have a chance.
Some girls stop by to say hello.
Some girls stop walking, while others have never walked.
Some girls suffer attacks.
Some girls suffer from diseases.
Some girls suffer from mysterious diseases.
Some girls suffer heart attacks.
Some girls suffer injuries.
Some girls suffer severe injuries.
Some girls suggest gods.
Some girls suggest to have an own start for the youth girls in the championships.
Some girls talk about in a school library.
Some girls think it is a joke because their self-esteem is so low.
Some girls think it is an easy life and all pleasure.
Some girls think swimsuits are indecent.
Some girls think that they lose a lot of blood each month.
Some girls throw snowballs.
Some girls turn on easily.
Some girls undergo brain tumor surgery.
Some girls undergo ceremony.
Some girls undergo surgery.
Some girls use addresses.
Some girls use art.
Some girls use calcium.
Some girls use their fingers, some girls use small dildos, most use large dildos.
Some girls visit dentists.
Some girls walk eight to ten kilometers to and from school daily.
Some girls wander by mistake into the mess that scalpels make.
Some girls wear French lace.
Some girls wear oil.
Some girls wear tank tops, and some wear belly shirts.
Some girls wear T-shirts over their suits, rather then buy a new one.
Some girls weigh ounces.
Some girls work at one place for a few days and then move on to another one.
Some girls work in shops.
A girlfriend is a lover
A girlfriend is a woman
Girlfriend applies pliers to serpent.
Girlfriend gets pregnant.
Girlfriend Is Better.
Girlfriend is probably similar.
Girlfriend is set for life.
Girlfriend is such an artificial position.
Girlfriend is suspected of assisting in crime but never convicted.
Girlfriend wants to sell it to purchase a road bike.
Girlfriends are bad and boyfriends destroy a girl's reputation forever.
Girlfriends are better than code.
Girlfriends are fair game.
Girlfriends are friends.
Girlfriends are lovers.
Girlfriends are women.
Girlfriends can be a real pain sometimes.
Girlfriends can be pillars of support, but also be the most dangerous.
Girlfriends come and go, too.
Girlfriends discover how to seduce each other without fear of embarrassment or rejection.
Girlfriends do their own routine maintenance. . . .
Girlfriends function very well during main current breakdowns. . . .
Most girlfriends object the most.
Girls education is a proven best investment for human, social, and economic development.
Girls education is the assured route to women s economic empowerment.
A giro is an institution
Giro accounts in dk, se, no, fi, nl, de, uk, fr.
Giro accounts in se, no, dk, de, nl.
Giro compases y accesorios.
Giro designs quality products for riders of all levels.
Giros are checks.
Giros are financial institutions.
Girth adjusts on both sides to equalize pressure.
Girth adjusts three ways to fit large horses to ponies.
Girth is a circumference
Girth is circumferences.
Girths click for more The leather girth is strengthened with nylon along the entire length.
All girths are straight, three-folded and stitched.
Gish mentions sugars above.
Gist enables broadcast and cable networks and affiliates to further enhance TV listings.
Gist is content
GISTs originate in the stomach or small intestine in cells that form the organs' connective tissue.
A git is a person
GIt is one step closer towards being exploited.
Gits are software.
Gits castrate blamed debaucher.
GITs thus participate in the process of managing the social world through the natural one.
A gitana is a Bohemian
Gitana has other ideas.
Giuliani portraits are one step ahead on the road to the future.
Give is elasticity
Give is elasticity.
Gives advise on how to break into the job market and how to present in an interview.
Gives advise on the virus protection of computers, and assistance with virus-infected disks.
Gives alluring physical appeal, arouses sexual passions, attracts the opposite sex.
Gives buy, sell, and hold recommendations on each stock, every day.
Gives call number and building location.
Gives call number locations and years offered.
Gives coat a healthy sheen.
Gives cover names.
Gives details the market share of the main participants.
Gives easily read behavioral cues.
Gives end to painful squeezing as that of conventional can openers.
Gives end user control over which directories and data files the program can access.
Gives end users flexibility.
Gives everythimg a nice, warm edge.
Gives faculty a baseline for instructional use of computers and the network.
Gives firm back support and lower back pain relief.
Gives hope for tomorrow and blends the day.
Gives hope to other fast twitch cyclists that time trailing can become a strength.
Gives input a line at a time.
Gives kids a positive mental image to hold on to when experiencing an earthquake.
Gives lips a fuller, more defined look.
Gives mount access to each client listed.
Gives outlet and an unselfish purpose to the other means of growth.
Gives pilot a tactile cue of the distance of the most critical limits.
Gives plants their shape and ability to stand up.
Gives play command on mouse click.
Gives professors an opportunity to discuss the importance of words.
Gives purchase history for each item on the Vendor receipt.
Gives report at each meeting.
Gives report pr cis of consumer research undertaken by the company.
Gives return address within user program.
Gives rise to chlorosis and necrotic leaf margins.
Gives rise to clumps of smallish eucalypts.
Gives rise to conflict on social or political issues.
Gives rise to genetic diversity.
Gives rise to muscle, bone and blood among other tissue.
Gives rise to such passion unfound.
Gives rise to the diversity of cell types in multi-cellular organisms.
Gives rise to the loss of atrial contraction and an irregular ventricular rate.
Gives rise to the superior labial artery.
Gives rise to the transverse facial artery.
Gives run down on entertainer or team.
Gives salmon their pink colour.
Gives score and correct answers.
Gives shareware a bad name.
Gives show times, promotions and prizes, employment information.
Gives sizzle to sauces, pizzazz to stir fry and gusto to guacamole.
Gives soil a red color.
Gives soil a yellow color.
Gives stop command on mouse click.
Gives subs great confidence to play in first.
Giveaway items are a well-established instrumen of corporate promotion medium.
Giveaway items are subject to vary.
Giveaway product is non-transferable.
Givens also encourages people to dress informally during hot weather.
Givens is assumptions.
A giver is a person
Givers also get the credit for granting the perfect wish for the recipient.
Givers are books.
Givers are good.
Givers are typically heroic and humble.
Givers can buy shares of livestock as well.
Givers feel loved when they are giving and have trouble taking.
Givers give because giving is one of the greatest pleasures there is on the planet.
Givers give life to the takers and the takers take life from the givers.
Givers have only a limited amount to give.
Givers look self-sufficient.
Givers receive more than they give.
Givers think about dollars.
Giving is disposals.
Giving is good.
Giving is sharing.
A gizmo is a device
Gizmos are emails containing packets of media that can be saved to a user's desktop.
Gizmos come in all shapes and sizes.
A gizzard is a pocket
Gizzard isa body part.
Gizzards are a sac-like structure in animals that help to break down food.
Gizzards contain gravel.
Gizzards grind food.
Gizzards have (part) corpi.
Gizzards have a tougher lining , and muscles .
Gizzards have a tougher lining, and muscles.
Most gizzards contain gravel.
Most gizzards grind food.
Some gizzards contain grit.
Some gizzards crush food.
Some gizzards have capacity.
Some gizzards have muscular walls.
Some gizzards have sharp teeth.
Some gizzards have teeth.
Some gizzards have walls.
Glabellar reflex habituates normally.
Glacial action is the most important causal agent in the development of organic soils.
Glacial avulsion appears to be polygenic.
A glacial boulder is a stone
Glacial boulders are of great importance for science, applied arts, culture, education, etc.
Glacial change allows for response, tectonic change forces reaction.
Glacial change builds toward a future.
Glacial change happens by inches over hundreds, even thousands, of years.
Glacial change is relational when it occurs within an organization.
Glacial climates prevent tree growth.
Glacial concentrations surround all major peaks.
Glacial conditions are most favorable when the tilt angle is lowest.
Glacial cover slows down the overall chemical denudation rates in southwest Iceland.
Glacial debris sinks to the bottom and the drinking water is drawn off.
Glacial deposits are a mixture of rock material from many different sources.
Glacial deposits are by far the most abundant surficial materials in Maine.
Glacial deposits consist chiefly of mixtures of particles that range in size from clay to boulders.
Glacial deposits cover much of the area.
Glacial deposits found in kames are usually stratified sands and gravel materials.
Glacial deposits mantle many of the high cirques and valley bottoms.
Glacial deposits overlie the early Mesozoic rocks.
Glacial deposits suggest conditions similar to the present.
All glacial deposits are by and large known as glacial drift .
Glacial drift covers bedrock, which is only locally exposed.
Glacial drift is discontinuous near the shorelines of Lake Michigan and Lake Huron.
Glacial drift is eroded rock from from one area deposited in other places.
Glacial drift is generally several hundred feet thick.
Glacial drift is material transported by glaciers and deposited directly on the land.
Glacial drift is the loose and unsorted rock debris distributed by glaciers and glacial meltwaters.
Glacial drift is underlain by Precambrian bedrock in the east.
Glacial environments have highly varied sedimentary expression.
Many glacial environments produce sediment.
Glacial erosion is a powerful force that leaves a terrain with very high relief.
Glacial events have an important effect on the dynamics of global change.
Glacial floods are also a danger and avalanches happen regularly and do claim lives on the mountain.
Glacial flour is created as glacier ice grinds the underlying bedrock into very fine particles.
Glacial flow can produce streamlined landforms, such as drumlins , from unconsolidated sediments.
Glacial geologists study the physical properties and movement of glaciers and ice sheets.
Glacial honesty is.
Glacial ice absorbs all colors of the visible light spectrum except blue, which it transmits.
Glacial ice has great competency.
Glacial ice is a rock.
Glacial ice is far from clean.
Glacial ice is full of sediment.
Glacial ice is the largest reservoir of fresh water on Earth.
Glacial ice lines a steep valley.
Some glacial ice causes effects.
Some glacial ice causes similar effects.
Glacial lake is filled with sediment or is drained.
Glacial lakes reflect cloud-topped mountains.
Glacial lochs are home to the elusive Char, usually found in deep water.
Glacial meltwater is funneled away from the glacier in a partially buried river valley.
Glacial meltwaters carry sand and gravel from the glacier.
Glacial meltwaters race through the narrow limestone gorge leaving smoothed bowls and a deep canyon.
Glacial moraine is as much a landform designation as a geologic designation.
Glacial movements are often immense and spectacular.
Some glacial movement leads to creations.
Glacial outburst floods at Mount Rainier are unrelated to volcanic activity.
A glacial period is geologic time
Glacial periods reign Anatolia.
Glacial polish betray the rivers icy origon.
Glacial retreat continues today.
Glacial retreat is also prevalent in the higher elevations of the tropics.
Glacial retreat is evident.
Glacial retreat takes place when net accumulation is less than net ablation.
Glacial rock is strewn across many of the plateaus.
Glacial runoff can be difficult, though.
Glacial runoff fuels the geography and feeds the landscape in south central Switzerland.
Glacial sediment forms a near-continuous cover in foreground.
More glacial sediments fill the basin where Seattle sits.
Most glacial sediment is unfossiliferous.
Much glacial sediment is deposited by meltwater beneath or beyond the ice margin.
Glacial speed is seen as a special problem.
Glacial streams flow over surface of lake deposits and lay down sand and gravel deposits.
Glacial streams produce other deposits.
Glacial streams run down the rocky, lava terrain.
Glacial striations are easiest to see when the sun is low.
Glacial striations are the direct result of A. deposition.
Glacial terrain is just one aspect that defines the pathway.
Glacial terrain reveals huge granite boulders.
Most glacial terrain is characterized by large mounds of till known as stratified drift.
Glacial transport is of importance in subpolar regions.
Glacial troughs filled with sea water are called fjords.
Glacial valleys are distinctive for their U-shape.
Glacial valleys have a characteristic U-shape with very little alluvial fill.
Glacial water comes from a variety of sources.
Glaciated landscapes are the result of both glacial erosion and glacial deposition.
Glaciated surfaces show evidence of abrasion and plucking to form roches moutonnes.
Glaciated terrain has extensive glacial deposits, affects nature of substrates.
Glaciated valleys are valleys enlarged by the action of glaciers.
A glaciation is a geologic process
Glaciation begins in Antarctica.
Glaciation carves deep valleys.
Glaciation causes changes in sea level when seawater is taken up into the ice-sheets.
Glaciation is more extensive on the south and west.
Glaciation is observed in the higher elevations.
Glaciation now threatens the planet with a homogenized worldview.
Glaciation refers to the transformation of cloud particles from water droplets to ice crystals.
Glaciations are environmental conditions.
Glaciations are geological processes.
Most glacier caves are started by water running through or under the glacier.
Some glacier caves are formed by geothermal heat from volcanic vents or hotsprings beneath the ice.
Some glacier runoff occurs during summer.
A glacier is a formation
Glacier also is home to wolves, mountain lions, and mountain goats.
Glacier also sets fruit quickly on trusses close to the ground.
Glacier anticipates making an updated editions available to Licensee each year.
Glacier capped mountains that rival the Rockies form the spine of the island.
Glacier capped mountains that rival the Rockies form the spine of Vancouver Island.
Glacier contains just about everything about Antarctica known today.
Glacier continues today to offer and provide other new services at cost for the members.
Glacier devotes itself to all things polar.
Glacier has a lot of lights and smoke and music for somebody who has no fan support whatsoever.
Glacier has a number of short kid trails.
Glacier has nearly a thousand miles of trails for hiking.
Glacier has so much to offer.
Glacier has three primary visitor centers.
Glacier is a beautiful place, hope to return someday soon.
Glacier is a paradise from a bygone epoch.
Glacier is a refuge for many animals native to the United States.
Glacier is a tremendous site for learning about glaciers.
Glacier is a truly awesome site with tons to see and do.
Glacier is about a day's drive distant in northern Montana.
Glacier is also housebroken and good around young kids and other dogs.
Glacier is an autonomous, self-help organization controlled by the members.
Glacier is known as the place time forgot about and is a picturesque natural - unique place to be.
Glacier is known for having a high density of grizzly bears.
Glacier is large, diverse, and very scenic.
Glacier is loved by millions and has a very strong following of friends around the world.
Glacier is one million acres of majestic wonder.
Glacier is one of the world's primary sources for plain industrial bearings and bearing materials.
Glacier is open all year round.
Glacier is situated on the Mount Baker Highway of the North Cascades Mountains.
Glacier is still busy talking to the fans.
Glacier is the only national park on the main line of a transcontinental railroad.
Glacier is the perfect park for challenges and thrills.
Glacier is too cold.
Glacier isa formation.
Glacier Learn about the importance of glaciers.
Glacier returns to a headlock where they discuss the next move.
Glacier sighs toward the land of the conspicuous bison.
Glacier wins another meaningless battle.
Glaciers absorb all the other colors except blue which is reflected back.
Glaciers accumulate snow in the Zone of Accumulation.
Glaciers advance and retreat very slowly while floods ravage the land very quickly.
Glaciers advance and retreat.
Glaciers affect the topography of the land in some areas.
Glaciers also add to the landscape by depositing materials.
Glaciers also can exist in areas that most people consider warm.
Glaciers also carve very distinctively-shaped valleys.
Glaciers also move by sliding along on meltwater that forms under the ice.
Glaciers also move through basal sliding .
Glaciers also serve as a barometer of our everchanging climate.
Glaciers are able to flow, though they are solid.
Glaciers are also abundant on certain islands in polar regions and in some high mountains.
Glaciers are also dangerous.
Glaciers are also exciting areas of discovery.
Glaciers are also very important to the stability of the environment.
Glaciers are an important indicator of climate change.
Glaciers are an important part of the Canadian landscape.
Glaciers are another attraction for outdoor enthusiasts.
Glaciers are beautiful and potentially dangerous at the same time.
Glaciers are blue in color .
Glaciers are blue in color.
Glaciers are blue, clean snow is white, vegetation is red and bare rock is brown.
Glaciers are bodies of ice that form from snowfall, and flow downhill under the pull of gravity.
Glaciers are broken into zones based on surface snowpack and melt conditions.
Glaciers are categorized by their morphology, thermal characteristics, and behavior.
Glaciers are considered among the most sensitive indicators of climate change.
Glaciers are deep layers of ice that can move slowly across the land like a great frozen river.
Glaciers are extremely large, moving rivers of ice.
Glaciers are far away and dangerous places to be.
Glaciers are found on every continent except Australia.
Glaciers are gravity-driven.
Glaciers are heavy stuff.
Glaciers are huge pieces of ice that stay frozen all the time.
Glaciers are huge sheets of snow, ice, and rubble that the ice picks up as it travels.
Glaciers are important means of erosion over long periods of time.
Glaciers are in and of themselves sculptures of sorts.
Glaciers are in fact very sensitive to environmental change.
Glaciers are in full retreat.
Glaciers are in retreat on every continent.
Glaciers are large areas of ice that cover the land.
Glaciers are large masses of ice that are currently moving or previously been moving.
Glaciers are layers.
Glaciers are more sensitive to changes in temperature than to any other climatic element.
Glaciers are nearby on the mountain tops in the North Cascades.
Glaciers are often major tourist attractions.
Glaciers are one reason why.
Glaciers are one slow power working on the rock of mountains.
Glaciers are particularly impressive and massive in Antarctica .
Glaciers are permanent ice features in mountainous areas.
Glaciers are poor sediment sorters because they move anything in their paths.
Glaciers are predominant only on the High Arctic islands.
Glaciers are present along with many ponds and abundant swift cascading streams.
Glaciers are present in a variety of locations around the world today.
Glaciers are rivers of ice, which accumulate snow at high elevations and melt at low elevations.
Glaciers are scoopers.
Glaciers are sensitive to changes in temperature and snowfall.
Glaciers are sentinels of climate change.
Glaciers are slow-flowing rivers of ice.
Glaciers are solid ice, so unlike water, they can carry pieces of rock of any size.
Glaciers are still present on Mt. Kenya.
Glaciers are systems of flowing ice that form where less snow accumulates each year than melts.
Glaciers are systems of flowing ice that form where more snow accumulates each year than melts.
Glaciers are the largest sources of fresh water on Earth .
Glaciers are the largest sources of fresh water on Earth.
Glaciers are therefore sensitive indicators of climate changes.
Glaciers are thick ice that results from compaction and crystallization of snow.
Glaciers are thick, frozen custards mixed with a favorite topping and served upside down.
Glaciers are truly rivers of ice.
Glaciers are unique in that they carve a whole valley into a U shape.
Glaciers are very efficient at transporting materials, so glacial till is typically well sorted.
Glaciers are very important .
Glaciers are very important.
Glaciers are very noisy.
Glaciers are visible on the shoulders of the mountains across the bay.
Glaciers are vitally important to the region's ecology and hydrology.
Glaciers are what make a lake a Finger Lake.
Glaciers are, in a nutshell, huge pieces of ice.
Glaciers are, there- fore, indicators of climatic variations.
Glaciers arise from the accumulation of snow crystals.
Glaciers become positive physical images in both literature and religion.
Glaciers begin forming because of snowfall accumulation.
Glaciers begin life as snowflakes.
Glaciers begin to form when snow remains in the same area year-round and transforms into ice.
Glaciers blanket the whole mountain range beckoning the trekker.
Glaciers break off at the water and form icebergs.
Glaciers calve without warning, posing extreme danger from falling ice and cresting waves.
Glaciers can also dig gorges into the land as they advance and retreat.
Glaciers can also forms hills called eskers and drumlins .
Glaciers can also help to generate hydroelectric power.
Glaciers can also leave relict populations at high altitudes that remain ice free.
Glaciers can also occupy more enclosed areas.
Glaciers can be found in a variety of locations, they virtual exist on every continent .
Glaciers can carry extremely large boulders.
Glaciers can cause erosion and carry material from one location to another.
Glaciers can flow because they are made of ice.
Glaciers can have an enormous effect on sea level around the world.
Glaciers can perform to erosive functions - they pluck and abrade.
Glaciers carry debris on their surfaces in conveyor-belt fashion.
Glaciers carve paths between mountains and descend to the valley floor.
Glaciers carve valleys and push up stony ridges called morraines.
Glaciers cling to mountains faces and jewel-like lakes sparkle in the bright alpine sun.
Glaciers come and go.
Glaciers contain two zones of ice flow.
Glaciers cover about six million square miles which is about three percent of the earth's surface.
Glaciers cover most of the volcano.
Glaciers cover much of it.
Glaciers cover much of the mountain's summit and sides.
Glaciers cover one-eighth of the land.
Glaciers crash into the sea and the magnificent polar bear roams the pack ice.
Glaciers create a varied and exciting landscape, offering amazing photographic opportunities.
Glaciers creep down many valleys.
Glaciers crown the higher reaches.
Glaciers crunch and spit blocks of ice into aqua blue lakes.
Glaciers crush rock into extremely fine particles called glacial flour.
Glaciers descending to the water s edge give birth to sapphire blue icebergs.
Glaciers descending to the water's edge give birth to sapphire blue icebergs.
Glaciers develop from severely compressed snow in deep hollows in mountains called corries .
Glaciers do odd things sometimes.
Glaciers do the same thing.
Glaciers dominate the distant horizon.
Glaciers eat their own offspring.
Glaciers exert massive forces on the earth and underlying rocks.
Glaciers exist in all parts of the world.
Glaciers exist where, over a period of years, snow remains after summer's end.
Glaciers Explain the process of glacier ice formation.
Glaciers feed rivers which are used for irrigation.
Glaciers feed rivers, which are used for irrigation.
Glaciers feed the deep cold lakes that continually feed the flow.
Glaciers flow very slowly because of their weight.
Glaciers form because snowfall in the high mountains exceeds snowmelt.
Glaciers form because snowfall in the high mountains exceeds snow-melt.
Glaciers form in areas where the temperature dips below zero.
Glaciers form in mountains and move down mountain valleys until they melt.
Glaciers form in places where more snow falls than disappears.
Glaciers form on land as a result of a net accumulation of snow over thousands of years.
Glaciers form on land as a result of an accumulation of snow over thousands of years.
Glaciers form only near the poles.
Glaciers form over time and then change the appearance of the land by erosion.
Glaciers form when more snow accumulates each year than melts.
Glaciers form when there is a net accumulation of snow and ice from one year to the next.
Glaciers form where the accumulation of snow and ice exceeds ablation .
Glaciers form wherever snowfall exceeds melting over enough years to make a pile big enough to flow.
Glaciers generally flow over the land surface along a path of least resistance.
Glaciers glide past, carving out foothills and river basins.
Glaciers glisten on their upper slopes.
Glaciers grind up rocks and scrape away the soil.
Glaciers grow and shrink due both to natural variability and external forcings.
Glaciers grow and shrink in response to changing climate.
Glaciers grow and shrink with small fluctuations in climate.
Glaciers grow or melt in relation to climate, acting as indicators of climate change.
Glaciers grow when winter snowfall exceeds summer snow melt and decline when the opposite occurs.
Glaciers have (part) moraine.
Glaciers have a snow budget, much like a monetary bank account.
Glaciers have dark, long bands that can be seen on the sides and top called moraines.
Glaciers have tremendous effects on the hydrology of streams.
Glaciers here flow to the sea and clear streams rush past on both sides of our home.
Glaciers however can move uphill for long periods of time, covering large distances.
Glaciers inch across the continent, cracking and breaking the ice.
Glaciers keep on the move.
Glaciers keep water in ice out of circulation thousands of years.
Glaciers Learn about glaciers.
Glaciers leave abundant clues.
Glaciers like to flow downhill.
Glaciers look best when the sky is overcast.
Glaciers make the mountains sparkle with blue ice.
Glaciers melt in Antarctica.
Glaciers melt more on hot, sunny days.
Glaciers mop noonday sun from their solitary brows.
Glaciers move by two main processes, internal deformation and basal sliding.
Glaciers move downhill due to the stress of their own weight. .
Glaciers move faster.
Glaciers move much more slowly than rivers.
Glaciers move quickest in their mid-sections on the surface.
Glaciers move slowly as does the movie of the glacier.
Glaciers move very slowly, but can carry large amounts of rock debris.
Glaciers move, or flow, downhill due to gravity and the internal deformation of ice.
Glaciers occupy most of the valleys at higher elevations.
Glaciers occur at high elevations, where winter snowfalls exceed the snow lost from summer melting.
Glaciers pick up rock debris as the ice flows along.
Glaciers pick up rock material by means of abrasion.
Glaciers primarily move forward by the process of A. free fall.
Glaciers range in length from less than the size of a football field to hundreds of miles long.
Glaciers recede and advance.
Glaciers require very specific geographical and climatic conditions.
Glaciers respond slowly to changing climatic conditions, providing a long paleoclimate record.
Glaciers respond to both pronounced and subtle changes in climate.
Glaciers rest in snowy repose, while chilled streams careen down from high ridgelines.
Glaciers retreat, land along eastern Rockies open to human inhabitants.
Glaciers scratch lines along the mountain.
Glaciers shape the landscape in a process called glaciation .
Glaciers shape the park.
Glaciers shove their way through solid rock to the coast to spawn.
Glaciers shroud most of the surrounding mountains making our ascent a beautiful one . . .
Glaciers slowly flow downhill or toward the oceans, carving out the landscape as they go.
Glaciers spread a murrain over the land.
Glaciers start to form on continents from the buildup of snow.
Glaciers still encompass the mountains and descend down to the shores of the river's valley.
Glaciers still exist in Canada in the Rocky Mountains and in the high Arctic.
Glaciers still occupy some of the cirques around the towers.
Glaciers surrounding the edge of Greenland begin to melt, adding billions of gallons to the oceans.
Glaciers tend to be much, much wider than rivers.
Glaciers tend to grow when the Earth has many cool summers that fail to melt back the winter snows.
Glaciers terminating in the sea periodically break off, or calve, forming icebergs.
Glaciers transport an enormous amount of sediment.
Glaciers typically follow a seasonal pattern of advance and retreat.
Glaciers typically lose only a few inches of ice per year.
Glaciers usually deposit their load in the ablation zone where ice is melting.
Many glacier is a great place to hike.
Many glaciers are visible from the parkway.
Many glaciers deepen their valleys more than their smaller tributaries .
Many glaciers flow from it.
Most glaciers are accessible only via the helicopter.
Most glaciers flow along topographic gradients because of their weight and gravity .
Most glaciers move just millimeters each year.
Some glaciers advance, while some others recede.
Some glaciers appear to have been more than ten miles long and to have cut deeply into the mountain.
Some glaciers are as small as football fields, while others can be over a hundred kilometers long.
Some glaciers are too large to measure accurately, and others are simply too unpredictable.
Some glaciers are very large.
Some glaciers formed on land move downslope to where they meet the sea.
Some glaciers tend to extend in many different directions.
Glacigenic debris flows on the North Sea Trough Mouth Fan during ice stream maxima.
Glaciofluvial deposits are also directly in front of the glacier.
Glaciofluvial deposits are generally quite stratified and less assorted in particle size.
Glaciological studies are now underway to understand the physics behind the detailed observed flows.
Glaciotectonic deformation is widespread in Denmark.
Glad containers withstand the freezer, microwave, even the dishwasher.
Glad containers withstand the freezer, microwave, the dishwasher.
Glad people praise.
Glad rags beg to be embraced, held close, twirled in a circle, taken outside under the stars.
Glad rags survive little nicks in the lace or tiny tears in a hem.
A glad is a bulbous plant
GLAD also sponsors leadership and speaker's trainings.
GLAD also works with other area groups to improve our community as a whole.
Glads also prefer full sunlight.
Glads are a member of the iris family and have great diversity in flower color and shape.
Glads are a very versatile flower.
Glads are easy to grow and available in almost every color of the rainbow.
Glads are one of the most versatile flowers around.
Glads do well in a variety of soils, but they prefer a sandy loam.
Glads do well in a wide variety of soil types.
Glads grow from underground food storage structures called corms.
Glads guard the body, brighten the coffin.
Glads lend themselves to planting in rows or beds, in borders, and among shrubbery or flowers.
Glads prefer a sunny spot with well-drained soil.
Glads prefer full sunlight.
Glads suffer when forced to compete with weeds.
Gladden soils are very cherty in the lower part of the solum and have siliceous mineralogy.
A glade is a tract
Glades also occur in the wild areas.
Glades are an example of such envi-ronments.
Glades are classified as to their parent material.
Glades are common, especially in the White River drainage.
Glades are more common in the southwest.
Glades are rocky, dry areas with a very thin layer of topsoil over thick bedrock.
Glades are wooded areas that have been thinned and cleared of underbrush.
Glades change drastically with the seasons.
Glades occur as small openings within the woods.
Glades occur on almost any type of bedrock, including limestone, sandstone, igneous and dolomite.
A gladiator is a fighter
Gladiator mixes historical fact and dramatic fiction, with a healthy dose of cinematic magic.
Gladiator points to the affirmative.
Gladiator triumphs as a dramatic powerhouse and Hollywood event movie, and it deserves accolades.
Gladiator wins best dramatic movie.
Gladiators are combatants.
Gladiators are warriors.
Gladiators are warriors.
Gladiators compete by swinging their war socks at one another, each trying to land the first blow.
Gladiators count as one of the good parts of history, the part that can wake up a sleepy classroom.
Gladiators depicts the fighters dressed in a variety of exotic suits of armour.
Gladiators enter the arena one at a time and choose a door at random.
Gladiators fight to the death.
Gladiators is purely coincidental.
Gladiators ptg no.
Gladiatorial combat features just about every possible way to kill a man short of nuclear weapons.
Gladifer clothing varies greatly from culture to culture.
A gladiola is a bulbous plant
Gladiolas are flowers.
Gladiolas are in bloom.
Gladiolas are irises.
Gladiolas are the current intercrop of choice.
Gladiolas come in a variety of colors.
Gladiolas have very intense patterns link silk sheets.
A gladiolus is a bone
Gladiolus are always a nice feature as well as sunflowers and marigolds.
Gladiolus are always excellent.
Gladiolus are easy and reliable flowers for cutting.
Gladiolus caule simplcissimo, foliis linearibus, floribus altemis.
Gladiolus come with many new colors, larger flowers.
Gladiolus is available in nearly every color.
Gladiolus make corms.
Gladiolus mixed with daffodils, tulips make nice bouquets .
Gladiolus produces leaves with parallel veins and floral parts in multiples of three.
Gladiolus provides cheer to loved one.
Gladioluses are bones.
Gladioluses are plants.
Gladioluses are spectacular cut flowers.
Gladioluses do best in soil that's rich in organic material and drains well.
All gladiolus have sword-shaped foliage that remains green until frost.
Gladson training focuses on both the theory and the practical application of category management.
Glamorous courses appeal to the bigwigs in the community.
Glamorous friends fly to Paris on a whim.
Glamorous nonsense is still nonsense.
Glamorous people dominate the series, especially from the Angevin age.
Glamorous recluse eats turkey alone, giggling and rebelliously burping openly.
Glamorous sailboats fill the canal.
Glamour photography depends on a combination of things.
Glamour photography is popular in advertising and men's magazines .
Glamour portraits make the perfect gift for a significant other.
A glamour is beauty
Glamour offers strategies for better sex, health, nutrition, finance, employment, and love.
Glamour takes shape looking at the location around unisex clothing.
Glamours are magazines.
Glamours mask the Fear.
Glans pains on urinating.
Glans penis The rounded part forming the end of the penis.
Glance explain upon no umbrella finally demand auto restorations.
Glance has the advantage of reporting a great deal of per process information.
Glance have through any agreement unless respect neve campbell links.
Glance have through any agreement unless respect penn and teller.
Glance illustrates capacity.
Glance is a look
Glance is FREE of charge.
Glance is looks.
Glance isa activity.
Every glance yields visual spectacle.
Most glance illustrates capacity.
Some glance shows positions.
A gland is an organ
Gland is enlarged with a widened sebaceous duct and an increased number of basal cells.
Gland isa organ.
Gland regresses in adult.
Glands absorb iodine.
Glands also occur on the limbs.
Glands are affected by cancer.
Glands are best ground before mixing and aging and then ground again before bottling.
Glands are classified structurally as multicellular or unicellular.
Glands are found among the muscles and they open into the lumen of the esophagus.
Glands are groups of cells that make substances enabling body functions.
Glands are in two parallel rows, one on each side of the ventral midline.
Glands are internal organs.
Glands are organised in a number of different ways, and produce secretions of varying types.
Glands are organs that supply substances, including hormones, to the body for use.
Glands are organs.
Glands are present on the leaf stems and midribs between pinnae.
Glands are responsible for many overweight problems.
Glands are sparse.
Glands are straight and thin.
Glands are swollen and there is pain on swallowing.
Glands are up.
Glands bring saliva into the mouth to moisten the food.
Glands can be single epithelial cells, such as the goblet cells that line the intestine.
Glands collect waste.
Glands contain materials.
Glands contain pheromone.
Glands control growth.
Glands control metabolism.
Glands emit secretion.
Glands emit smell secretion.
Glands emit sticky secretion.
Glands empty their contents into the esophagus to help digestion.
Glands exude liquids.
Glands exude smelly substances.
Glands exude substances.
Glands exude toxic substances.
Glands form a basic structural functional unit in many organs of the body.
Glands have (part) corpi.
Glands have (part) lobes.
Glands have bases.
Glands have compartments.
Glands have ducts.
Glands have excretory functions.
Glands have functions.
Glands have lobules - but liver lobules defined in three different ways.
Glands have nerves.
Glands have reproductive functions.
Glands have short bodies, simple branched and coiled tubular glands.
Glands have the power to produce several different kinds of hormones at any time.
Glands have various functions.
Glands help animals.
Glands make terrible decisions.
Glands open into stomachs.
Glands perform functions.
Glands perform tasks.
Glands play important roles.
Glands play roles.
Glands produce chemical substances.
Glands produce chemicals.
Glands produce creamy liquids.
Glands produce digestive enzymes.
Glands produce digestive secretion.
Glands produce enzymes.
Glands produce extra fluid.
Glands produce fluid.
Glands produce greasy substances.
Glands produce important enzymes.
Glands produce internal secretion.
Glands produce irritate substances.
Glands produce liquids.
Glands produce lubricate substances.
Glands produce milky fluid.
Glands produce mucuses.
Glands produce musky odor.
Glands produce noxious secretion.
Glands produce odor.
Glands produce oily substances.
Glands produce poisonous fluid.
Glands produce poisonous secretion.
Glands produce salty secretion.
Glands produce sebums.
Glands produce secretion.
Glands produce seminal fluid.
Glands produce smell liquids.
Glands produce smell odor.
Glands produce sticky mucuses.
Glands produce sticky secretion.
Glands produce sticky substances.
Glands produce strong musky odor.
Glands produce strong odor.
Glands produce strong smell liquids.
Glands produce substances.
Glands produce thin mucuses.
Glands produce toxic chemicals.
Glands produce unpleasant odor.
Glands produce various secretory products.
Glands produce viscous fluid.
Glands produce volatile secretion.
Glands produce waxy substances.
Glands provide secretion.
Glands regulate activities.
Glands regulate development.
Glands regulate growth.
Glands regulate levels.
Glands release another hormone epinephrine which reduces blood flow and milk production.
Glands release cortisol.
Glands release hormones in response to other hormones ii.
Glands release hormones.
Glands run along sides.
Glands secrete adhesive materials.
Glands secrete chemical products.
Glands secrete chemical substances.
Glands secrete chemicals.
Glands secrete compounds.
Glands secrete different chemicals.
Glands secrete digestive enzymes.
Glands secrete enzymes.
Glands secrete fatty substances.
Glands secrete finish products.
Glands secrete fluid substances.
Glands secrete growth hormones.
Glands secrete hormones.
Glands secrete many different chemicals.
Glands secrete materials.
Glands secrete matter.
Glands secrete melatonin.
Glands secrete milky substances.
Glands secrete mucous into the urethral lumen all along the length of the penile urethra.
Glands secrete oily substances.
Glands secrete parathyroid hormones.
Glands secrete poisonous substances.
Glands secrete products.
Glands secrete secretion.
Glands secrete smell substances.
Glands secrete sticky substances.
Glands secrete substances.
Glands secrete such substances.
Glands secrete thyroid hormones.
Glands secrete waxy substances.
Glands secrete yellowish secretion.
Glands secreting into the dorsal walls of the female cloaca are absent.
Glands secreting into the dorsal walls of the female cloaca are present.
Glands secreting into the male cloacal orifice are absent.
Glands secreting into the male cloacal orifice are present.
Glands serve different functions.
Glands serve functions.
Glands stimulate antler growth.
Glands stimulate growth.
Glands stimulate ovulation secretion.
Glands stimulate secretion.
All glands communicate with each other through chemical messengers called hormones.
All glands receive vessels.
All glands result from ingrowth of an epithelial layer into underlying connective tissue.
Many glands exist in the body that secrete endocrine hormones.
Most glands absorb iodine.
Most glands are affected by cancer.
Most glands collect waste.
Most glands contain materials.
Most glands contain pheromone.
Most glands emit sticky secretion.
Most glands exude smelly substances.
Most glands exude toxic substances.
Most glands have bases.
Most glands have compartments.
Most glands have ducts.
Most glands have excretory functions.
Most glands have functions.
Most glands have nerves.
Most glands have reproductive functions.
Most glands have various functions.
Most glands help animals.
Most glands perform functions.
Most glands perform tasks.
Most glands play important roles.
Most glands play roles.
Most glands produce chemical substances.
Most glands produce chemicals.
Most glands produce creamy liquids.
Most glands produce digestive enzymes.
Most glands produce digestive secretion.
Most glands produce enzymes.
Most glands produce extra fluid.
Most glands produce fluid.
Most glands produce greasy substances.
Most glands produce important enzymes.
Most glands produce internal secretion.
Most glands produce irritate substances.
Most glands produce liquids.
Most glands produce lubricate substances.
Most glands produce milky fluid.
Most glands produce mucuses.
Most glands produce musky odor.
Most glands produce noxious secretion.
Most glands produce odor.
Most glands produce oily substances.
Most glands produce poisonous fluid.
Most glands produce poisonous secretion.
Most glands produce salty secretion.
Most glands produce sebums.
Most glands produce secretion.
Most glands produce seminal fluid.
Most glands produce smell liquids.
Most glands produce smell odor.
Most glands produce sticky mucuses.
Most glands produce sticky secretion.
Most glands produce sticky substances.
Most glands produce strong musky odor.
Most glands produce strong odor.
Most glands produce strong smell liquids.
Most glands produce substances.
Most glands produce thin mucuses.
Most glands produce toxic chemicals.
Most glands produce unpleasant odor.
Most glands produce viscous fluid.
Most glands produce volatile secretion.
Most glands produce waxy substances.
Most glands provide secretion.
Most glands regulate activities.
Most glands regulate development.
Most glands regulate growth.
Most glands regulate levels.
Most glands release hormones.
Most glands release their products in way.
Most glands run along sides.
Most glands secrete adhesive materials.
Most glands secrete different chemicals.
Most glands secrete many different chemicals.
Most glands secrete oily substances.
Most glands secrete parathyroid hormones.
Most glands secrete poisonous substances.
Most glands secrete sticky substances.
Most glands secrete such substances.
Most glands secrete waxy substances.
Most glands secrete yellowish secretion.
Most glands serve different functions.
Most glands serve functions.
Most glands stimulate antler growth.
Most glands stimulate growth.
Most glands stimulate ovulation secretion.
Most glands stimulate secretion.
Some glands absorb water.
Some glands add secretion.
Some glands are behind eyes.
Some glands are behind glands.
Some glands are behind thyroid glands.
Some glands are caused by lack.
Some glands are connected by ducts.
Some glands are located in vertebrates.
Some glands are near brains.
Some glands are near kidneys.
Some glands cause blindness.
Some glands cause odor problems.
Some glands cause problems.
Some glands cause temporary blindness.
Some glands consist of follicles.
Some glands consist of lobes.
Some glands consist of posterior lobes.
Some glands contain chemicals.
Some glands contain nectar.
Some glands contain oil.
Some glands contain poison.
Some glands contain powerful toxins.
Some glands contain testosterone.
Some glands eliminate excess salt.
Some glands eliminate salt.
Some glands emit pheromone.
Some glands excrete excess salt.
Some glands excrete mucuses.
Some glands excrete perspiration.
Some glands excrete salt.
Some glands have effects.
Some glands have lateral lobes.
Some glands have lobes.
Some glands have overall structures.
Some glands have structures.
Some glands have tubes.
Some glands help digestion.
Some glands look like testes.
Some glands maintain body fluid homeostasis.
Some glands maintain homeostasis.
Some glands make hormones .
Some glands make hormones.
Some glands move semen.
Some glands produce adhesive glue.
Some glands produce adrenaline.
Some glands produce alarm pheromone.
Some glands produce chemical pheromone.
Some glands produce concentrate urine.
Some glands produce cortisol.
Some glands produce deadly venom.
Some glands produce fluids that affect tissues or organs.
Some glands produce glue.
Some glands produce hormone adrenaline.
Some glands produce hormone melatonin.
Some glands produce lipid mixture.
Some glands produce materials.
Some glands produce melatonin.
Some glands produce milk.
Some glands produce mixture.
Some glands produce much cortisol.
Some glands produce musks.
Some glands produce oil.
Some glands produce perspiration.
Some glands produce pheromone.
Some glands produce poison.
Some glands produce saliva.
Some glands produce smell musks.
Some glands produce toxic venom.
Some glands produce urine.
Some glands produce venom.
Some glands produce water.
Some glands promote growth.
Some glands release melatonin.
Some glands remove calcium.
Some glands remove excess salt.
Some glands remove materials.
Some glands remove salt.
Some glands remove water.
Some glands resemble almonds.
Some glands retain water.
Some glands secrete digestive juice.
Some glands secrete excess salt.
Some glands secrete lubricate fluid.
Some glands secrete lubricate mucuses.
Some glands secrete milk.
Some glands secrete musky fluid.
Some glands secrete nutritive fluid.
Some glands secrete salivary amylases.
Some glands stimulate protein synthesis.
Some glands stimulate synthesis.
Some glands supply fluid.
Some glands synthesize acid.
Some glands undergo development.
Some glands use for identification.
Glandular balance is required for abundant health.
Glandular components return to a natural state then involute further with menopause.
ANY glandular problem is basically a form of endocrinopathy.
Glandular secretion is produced by glands.
Most glandular secretion is produced by glands.
Glandular skin produces secretion.
Glandular skin produces waxy secretion.
Most glandular skin produces secretion.
Most glandular skin produces waxy secretion.
All glandular sources are from certified bovine sources.
Glandular stomachs produce enzymes.
Most glandular stomachs produce enzymes.
Glandular tissue can function to cause hyperthyroidism or adrenal-like problems.
Glandular tissue is rich in nucleic acids and it was also the source of adenine.
Some glandular tissue produces substances.
Some glandular tissue produces such substances.
Glare screens are also available to combat reflection problems.
Glare affects the ability of drivers to perceive objects or obstructions clearly.
Glare becomes a serious problem and color perception becomes muted.
Glare becomes a serious problem.
Glare brightens image highlights to create a blinding sheen, great for portraits and landscapes.
Glare can also be a problem if the light is provided directly from one source.
Glare can also be a problem.
Glare can also be a significant problem for people with cataracts.
Glare can also cause post-operative complaints along with instability of one's vision.
Glare can be a real problem for people with glaucoma.
Glare can cause discomfort, eyestrain and headaches.
Glare can cause eye discomfort and accidents.
Glare can cause eye fatigue and dangerous driving conditions.
Glare can cause eye fatigue due to stress and strain.
Glare can cause hazy vision particularly on bright sunny days.
Glare can create headaches plus eye and body fatigue.
Glare can dazzle and considerably reduce the effectiveness of the emitted light.
Glare can dazzle and reduce the effectiveness of the emitted light.
Glare can really mess up the camera's light meter.
Glare causes sleep problems in humans .
Glare causes sleep problems in humans.
Glare ceases when the laser beam disappears.
Glare creates visual discomfort and lowers the ability to see contrast.
Glare decreases visibility.
Glare describes any high intensity light within the visible light spectrum.
Glare greatly detracts from nighttime visibility.
Glare impairs their seeing ability much more than a low level of illumination.
Glare increases on surfaces such as water or snow.
Glare is a common problem with video display terminals.
Glare is a major cause of eye-strain for computer users.
Glare is a major cause of winter headaches.
Glare is a primary cause of eyestrain among computer users.
Glare is a problem under sunlight, yes.
Glare is a problem when light bouncing off the monitor strikes the eyes.
Glare is a problem.
Glare is a real problem.
Glare is a sensation caused by luminances in the visual field that are too bright.
Glare is a similar problem.
Glare is a subjective experience that often decreases with time.
Glare is a very important issue.
Glare is a visual discomfort caused by an excessive bright light source.
Glare is also very noticeable.
Glare is always a problem when shooting ponds.
Glare is another common factor in eye muscle fatigue.
Glare is another factor of adverse impact on the documents.
Glare is another problem involving the computer monitor.
Glare is bright light, which can interfere with visual perception.
Glare is brightness in excess of the level to which the eye is adapted.
Glare is brightness
Glare is caused by light that is emitted close to the horizontal direction.
Glare is created by the cornea or more often by the lens if it becomes cloudy.
Glare is everywhere.
Glare is from plexiglass window protecting interior.
Glare is hard on even young eyes.
Glare is inevitable, and a polarizing filter is the only way to eliminate it.
Glare is never good.
Glare is often the result of direct, overhead lights, especially fluorescent lighting.
Glare is one of the main contributors to eyestrain and headaches.
Glare is partial or complete loss of visibility while being exposed.
Glare is produced when the light is reflected off of an object.
Glare is reduced and image contrast is enhanced.
Glare is reduced by a decorative shield over the light bulb.
Glare is scatter from bright light that decreases vision.
Glare is stares.
Glare is the kind of thing that causes cataracts and retinal aging.
Glare is the main lighting concern when working with VDTs.
Glare is the main reason for wearing polarized sunglasses.
Glare is the most dangerous of light pollution problems.
Glare is the uncomfortable brightness of a light source when viewed against a darker background.
Glare is very distracting.
Glare isa activity.
Glare isa brightness.
Glare never helps visibility, and thus can compromise safety.
Glare never helps visibility, but it is far too common in our towns and cities.
Glare never helps visibility, never.
Glare never helps visibility, yet it is much too common.
Glare never helps visibility.
Glare occurs when both ends of the trunk attempt to seize the trunk at the same time.
Glare occurs when light enters the eye and bounces off an opacity such as a cataract.
Glare reduces our ability to see at night.
Glare always degrades visibility.
Glare always harms visibility, and most glare comes from poor fixtures or poor installation.
Some glare causes blindness.
Some glare causes snow blindness.
Many glass artists begin their dialogue with a glass recreating a realistic image.
Glass Beach is a good choice for first time Delta sailors.
Some glass bottles have advantage.
Some glass bottles have major advantage.
Glass bulbs contain filament.
Some glass catfishes eat fish.
Most glass cleaners are simply water, ammonia, and blue or green dye.
Glass colours range from light to medium to rich deep amethyst.
Any glass container can serve as a terrarium, provided that it is transparent.
Glass eels enter fresh water.
Glass eels enter water.
Most glass eels enter fresh water.
Most glass eels enter water.
A glass eye is a prosthetic device
Glass eyes are full of mints.
Glass eyes are prosthesises.
Glass eyes can and do break.
Glass eyes give life-like appearance.
Glass eyes hang above every doorway.
Some glass fiber has conductivity.
Some glass fiber has high conductivity.
Some glass fiber has high thermal conductivity.
Some glass fiber has thermal conductivity.
Glass frogs feed on arthropods.
Glass frogs have larval stages.
Glass frogs have stages.
Glass frogs live in streams.
Glass frogs possess vision.
Most glass frogs are a lime green color .
Most glass frogs are a lime green color.
Most glass frogs feed on arthropods.
Most glass frogs have larval stages.
Most glass frogs have stages.
Some glass frogs have incredible appetite.
Glass houses are very attractive, permanent, and expensive.
Some glass jars contain water.
A glass lizard is a lizard
Glass lizards eat invertebrates and small lizards.
Glass lizards eat rodents.
Most glass lizards eat rodents.
Glass mat technology allows operations.
Glasses of water appear without asking.
Glasses of water come to the table automatically.
Some glass panes create effects.
Some glass panes create greenhouse effects.
All glass pieces are in great condition.
Every glass piece is sculpted by hand.
All glass plates are edge sanded and polished for safety and durability.
Glass tubes contain liquids.
Most glass tubes contain liquids.
Some glass tubes connect tubes.
Some glass tubes use litmuses.
All glass walls meet BOCA code requirements with documented evidence to show compliance.
Some glass walls prevent air.
Some glass walls prevent hot air.
Glass windows remain in places.
Most glass windows remain in places.
All glass work is by quote only.
Glass blocks radiation.
Glass comes from sand.
Glass contains impurities.
Glass does conduct heat.
Glass fills with clear liquids.
Glass fills with liquids.
Glass has appearances.
Glass has conductivity.
Glass has frost appearances.
Glass has liquids.
Glass has low conductivity.
Glass has low thermal conductivity.
Glass has properties.
Glass has refractive indexs.
Glass has sheen.
Glass has tendencies.
Glass has thermal conductivity.
Glass has unusual properties.
Glass is a solid
Glass is amorphous solids.
Glass is capable of melts.
Glass is ceramic.
Glass is cleans.
Glass is clears.
Glass is coloureds.
Glass is containers.
Glass is disguises.
Glass is empties.
Glass is glass.
Glass is glassware.
Glass is green.
Glass is inanimate objects.
Glass is located in bars.
Glass is located in cabinets.
Glass is located in cases.
Glass is located in cupboards.
Glass is located in dining rooms.
Glass is located in dishwashers.
Glass is located in drawers.
Glass is located in hands.
Glass is located in homes.
Glass is located in kitchens.
Glass is located in meetings.
Glass is located in noses.
Glass is located in pockets.
Glass is located in sinks.
Glass is located in streets.
Glass is located in tables.
Glass is located in windows.
Glass is made of glass.
Glass is made of hydrate silica.
Glass is made of sand.
Glass is made of silica.
Glass is minerals.
Glass is part of glass.
Glass is part of windows.
Glass is sharps.
Glass is smooths.
Glass is solid objects.
Glass is solids.
Glass is used for drink water.
Glass is used for drinking.
Glass is used for holds.
Glass is used for reading.
Glass is vehicles.
Glass isa matter.
Glass provides high resistance.
Glass provides resistance.
Glass transmits light.
Glass transmits visible light.
Glasses ameliorate the refractive errors.
Glasses are a distraction during games and sports.
Glasses are a handicap.
Glasses are a highly important class of industrial material.
Glasses are a symbol of intellignce and a clear mind .
Glasses are adequate eye protection.
Glasses are also a fashion accessory.
Glasses are also handmade.
Glasses are an elegant solution to the problem of vision correction.
Glasses are an important summertime item.
Glasses are available at the college bookstore.
Glasses are available for loan or purchase.
Glasses are available from the molecular graphics room, on request.
Glasses are available from the ushers during the distribution of the elements.
Glasses are dishwasher safe but hand washing is recommended.
Glasses are essential for many people.
Glasses are evil.
Glasses are for the brave.
Glasses are formulated, melted and characterized to correlate composition and properties.
Glasses are great protection and enhancement for reading and computer work.
Glasses are in very nice condition with clear optics.
Glasses are light weight and can be worn over prescription glasses.
Glasses are like the lens on a camera, and the retina is like the film.
Glasses are on sale here.
Glasses are only an aid.
Glasses are processed by pouring in a molten state, working into shape while hot, and then cooling.
Glasses are Spiegellau.
Glasses are the most common solution and least expensive method for correcting vision.
Glasses are the most common solution to correct refractive visual problems.
Glasses are to be worn behind yellow lines.
Glasses are very durable and elegant.
Glasses are white with teal printing.
Glasses argue Money toward all plant across many pronunciation.
Glasses become a shy sort of sumptuary object.
Glasses can be helpful in children as young as six months of age.
Glasses can be part of the solution, but often the environment needs more treatment than the eyes.
Glasses can be problematic also due to visual distortions and difficulty in frame comfort.
Glasses can break in the dishwasher.
Glasses can correct most astigmatism.
Glasses can feel strange to begin with.
Glasses can greatly improve incidental learning or learning that takes place by observation.
Glasses can improve weakened vision.
Glasses can provide the same effect but better.
Glasses combine alongside all bill either excite wolverines collectibles.
Glasses come packaged in a plush box for storage.
Glasses come with a strong case with lens pockets.
Glasses come with protective case.
Glasses containing thorium oxide have a high refractive index and low disper- sion.
Glasses containing thorium oxide have a high refractive index and low dispersion.
Glasses deceive out many customer however begin boarder book store.
Glasses designed to resemble old-fashioned canning jars ensure cocktails are correctly mixed.
Glasses do have their drawbacks however.
Glasses fall into a number of natural groups, for example.
Glasses fall off.
Glasses favor till an cloud once heap ben hogan club.
Glasses fix some problems.
Glasses fly off the shelf and occasionally, the tv station changes when no one has the remote.
Glasses fog up with changes in temperature.
Glasses fog up, slip, and even fall off.
Glasses fog up.
Glasses form the same kind of bonds as they cool and solidify as they have when they are liquid.
Glasses get in the way.
Glasses go to the Carol Stream Lions .
Glasses have effect on the entire window, and lenses only on the selected region.
Glasses make fuzzy things come into focus.
Glasses move when tummy is pressed.
Glasses offer and attractive alternative for their ease of manufacture and adjustable properties.
Glasses only come in matching sets, as do socks.
Glasses permit close-up work, such as reading.
Glasses pop open with a good spring.
Glasses provide good correction for most types of vision problems.
Glasses reduce the focusing effort and can straighten the eyes.
Glasses see against most cruelty either mean flower seeds.
Glasses see against most cruelty either mean pea.
Glasses see against most cruelty either mean pond supplys.
Glasses see against most cruelty either mean walking stick.
Glasses see against most cruelty either mean water treatment.
Glasses serve as an aperitif to celebrate new jobs, promotions, birthdays.
Glasses shake Money across all plant like many pronunciation.
Glasses significantly minify images.
Glasses tear despite most cruelty either see garden pond supplies.
Glasses tear despite most cruelty either see holly.
Glasses tear despite most cruelty either see sparaxis.
Glasses tear despite most cruelty either see walking stick.
Glasses Try to buy glasses that are versatile.
Glasses work adequately for many people.
Glasses work the same way.
Glasses frequently break or chip because they are washed improperly.
All glass has a tendency to absorb heat when exposed to sunlight.
All glass is beveled.
All glass is completely clear, with no crazing or scratches.
All glass is factory tinted and code dated.
All glass is fine.
All glass is good.
All glass is handlayed, with special attention given to areas of stress and wear.
All glass is is bent into shape prior to assembly.
All glass is machine glazed.
All glass is new except rear winshield.
All glass is safety tempered and the room offers the company's highest energy efficiency ratings.
All glass is shipped in custom crates with pallet bottom.
All glass is tinted and near-flush mounted, and the rear side windows push out to open.
All glass is to be removed for primer sealer.
All glass is trimmed in black, and the side windows are highlighted with a stainless steel trim.
All glass is trimmed in copper, and the roof is accented with alternating copper panels.
All glass provides excellent blockage of UV light.
All glass requires UV shielding.
All glasses are hand-painted and unique.
All glasses are to be used with the eyes closed unless otherwise specified.
All glasses contract the field of vision to a greater or lesser degree.
All glasses offer UV protection.
All glasses show universal properties at low temperatures.
Every glass is half-full.
Many glasses have the internal electronics riveted to the glasses.
More glass divides the lobby from the main recital hall.
Most glass blocks radiation.
Most glass comes from sand.
Most glass contains impurities.
Most glass does conduct heat.
Most glass etching today is by the sandblasting method.
Most glass fills with clear liquids.
Most glass fills with liquids.
Most glass has appearances.
Most glass has conductivity.
Most glass has frost appearances.
Most glass has liquids.
Most glass has low conductivity.
Most glass has low thermal conductivity.
Most glass has properties.
Most glass has tendencies.
Most glass has thermal conductivity.
Most glass has unusual properties.
Most glass is an insulator when solid.
Most glass is by British makers.
Most glass is chemically stable and at risk primarily from careless handling or accidents.
Most glass is made of hydrate silica.
Most glass is made of silica.
Most glass provides high resistance.
Most glass provides resistance.
Most glass uses a two-digit code to describe the tint and shade of the glass.
Most glasses allow some direct sunlight to enter from the top and sides of the frame.
Most glasses are fresh, though some show signs of incipient low-temperature alteration.
Most glasses are insulators.
Most glasses contain a metal oxide fused with silica .
Most glasses contain a metal oxide fused with silica.
Most glasses have size labels attached, but the sizing is inconsistent.
Some glass becomes conductors.
Some glass causes damage.
Some glass causes injuries.
Some glass causes severe damage.
Some glass comes out of dishwashers.
Some glass conducts light.
Some glass contains cold water.
Some glass contains crystal.
Some glass contains ice water.
Some glass contains proteins.
Some glass contains solutions.
Some glass contains warm water.
Some glass contains water.
Some glass fills with water.
Some glass flasks contain water.
Some glass frogs benefit from light.
Some glass has atomic structures.
Some glass has skin.
Some glass has structures.
Some glass has values.
Some glass is broken to get into a car.
Some glass is flattened to make windows.
Some glass is now available.
Some glass is on the top of the brick.
Some glass lowers blood pressure.
Some glass lowers pressure.
Some glass provides better protection.
Some glass provides protection.
Some glass stimulates growth.
Some glass stimulates hair growth.
Some glass uses energy.
Some glasses are heavy.
Some glasses are very expensive.
Some glasses help people see things which are near and far away.
Some glasses seem to be affected more than others.
A glassblower is an artisan
Glassblowers can produce new works either from plans on paper or from an idea in someone's head.
Glassfronted cupboards overflow with dolls of every shape and size, from every ethnic grouping.
A glasshouse is a building
Glasshouses have a magical quality.
Glassine papers are supercalendered and translucent or opaque.
Glasslike mask has a diffraction pattern with faint annular features.
Glasslike obsidian is formed when lava cools too quickly to crystallize.
GlassLine liquid contains polyacrylic acid.
Glasslute liquid contains polyacrylic acid.
A glassmaker is a maker
Glassmakers prepare a large cake of glass by pouring molten glass onto a flat platform.
Glassmakers use several techniques to shape molten glass.
Glasstop tables can break on impact.
Glassware cabinets are on the left, planting room and lab coats on the right.
Glassware illustrations are modular with the same style, perspective, and scale.
All glassware products are dishwasher safe and guaranteed to last.
Glassware recycling is currently under re-evaluation.
Glassware has (part) sections.
Glassware is located in cupboards.
Glassware is located in laboratories.
Glassware is tableware
Glassware is tableware.
Glassware isa tableware.
All glassware is fully washable.
All glassware is signed.
More glassware is displayed on glass shelves in the tall windows.
Some glassworking experience is recommended.
Glassy cells can show focal mucin and CEA positivity.
Glassy materials are hard, brittle, and noncrystalline.
Glassy membranes are the remnants of the basal lamina.
Glassy polymers are very tough materials.
Most glassy rocks are of rhyolitic composition and are called obsidian .
Some glassy shells are made of silicon.
Glassy solids are hard and brittle, formed by atoms irregularly joined by covalent bonds.
Glassy texture is similar to that of ordinary glass.
Some glassy walls contain silica.
Many Glastic composites offer exceptional flame resistance.
Glaswegian raindrops are like splattery fried eggs.
Glaucoma medications can have side effects.
Glaucoma medications can have side-effects.
Glaucoma medications lower the pressure only for a certain period of time.
All glaucoma medications are potent drugs.
Glaucoma treatment can include medicines or, sometimes, surgery.
Glaucoma treatment can involve three stages.
Glaucoma affects side vision before center vision.
Glaucoma affects side vision before central vision is affected.
Glaucoma can eventually lead to irreversible blindness.
Glaucoma is an eye disease
Glaucoma is diseases.
Glaucoma is eye diseases.
Glaucoma occurs in Tasmania at the same frequency as elsewhere in Australia.
Glaucoma occurs when nourishing fluid that normally flows in and out of the eye drains too slowly.
Glaucoma occurs when pressure builds up in the eye.
Glaucoma occurs when pressure increases within the eyeball, seriously threatening vision.
Glaucoma occurs when the drainage canals become blocked.
Glaucoma occurs when the drainage outlets become blocked, causing fluid pressure within to build.
Glaucoma occurs when the fluid that's normally inside the eye drains too slowly.
Most glaucoma is treated with eye drops to lower the eye pressure.
Glauconite grains have slight yellow-green pleochroism.
A glauconite is a mineral
Glauconite contains potassium, so it can be dated using the potassium-argon technique.
Glauconitic intervals show variable Th, U, and K content but in general have very low Th values.
Glaucous gulls appear on nesting territories before snow melts.
Glaucous gulls nest in colonies on sea cliffs as well as in isolated pairs on tundra ponds.
Glawlo dialect is in southeastern Liberia.
A glaze is finish
Glaze isa decoration.
Glaze isa ornament.
Glaze shadows on stone dull yellow to reduce purpleness.
Glaze shown is blue.
Glaze shown is teal.
Glazes are another way to add grace to turkey.
Glazes are available in dry and wet forms, for brushing and dipping.
Glazes are coating.
Glazes are consistent and repeatable.
Glazes are easy to make.
Glazes are essentially glasses, but glasses with a very special quality.
Glazes are often earthy and the shapes amorphic.
Glazes are paint treatments used to fill small surface scratches and swirl marks.
Glazes are polish.
Glazes are similar to their contemporaries with blue, green, and yellow being popular colors.
Glazes are subtle and striking.
Glazes are topping.
Glazes are very ancient as is glass.
Glazes can affect the finished taste and texture of the crust as well as the appearance.
Glazes capriciously trickle in different directions.
Glazes come from materials dug in Japan and then mixed with others from around the world.
Glazes have (part) sections.
Glazes made without lead have a narrower firing range.
Glazes used are lead-free.
Glazes used for ceramic ware can be a source of lead.
Glazes work great for all decorative finishes on walls, ceilings, woodwork and furniture.
All glazes are lead and barium free .
All glazes are lead-free.
All glazes used are lead-free.
Some glaze pinpricks in the lid and one on the body.
Glazed carrots are a timeless favorite and a simple change from fancier fare.
Glazed carrots cook very well in a microwave.
Glazed ceramic offers the glint of brass but is easier to keep clean than the real thing.
Glazed ham is sweet and rich.
Glazed paper covers on boards.
Glazed parts can be either white, blue-white or pink luster.
Glazed pots are available in a range of colours and sizes and can look stunning on their own.
Glazed pots are initially more expensive, but last longer and are very handsome.
A glazer is an artisan
Glazer admits the site was creamed while pursuing an initial public offering.
Glazer is part of a new wave of British advertising directors moving into feature films.
Glazer lives in Portland.
Many glbt teenagers are sure of their sexual orientation by thei time they enter high school.
Gleam isa brightness.
A gleaner is a collector
Gleaners are collectors.
Gleaners can be any age and are often groups from churches, schools and clubs.
Gleaners receive the produce into their warehouse.
Gleaners rescue unwanted produce left in the fields after harvest.
More gleaners sort food and repackage it at the food bank.
Glebe Park is lit at night, adding a new dimension to cross country skiing in the region.
Glee isa feeling.
Gleeful anticipation seems rather optimistic, yet morbid dread seems self-defeating.
Gleeful dogs attached to leashes seem to enjoy the show.
A glen is a valley
Glen isa valley.
Glens are as common as huckleberries.
Glens are either short or intelligent.
Glens are step and narrow, while straths are broad and rolling.
Glens are valleys.
Glens have character.
Glens like to eat and get fat easily.
Some Glens do have skin allergies.
Glenallen staff provide expertise and support to staff to staff in regular schools.
Glencoe parents attend monthly training sessions which they then share with the classrooms.
Glendale citizen are proud and pleased with their schools.
Glenhall soils are on outwash plains and also on till plains which have a layer of outwash.
Glenham soils are fine-loamy.
Glenham soils are on nearly level to moderately steep uplands.
Glenlea wheat remains very susceptible to damage after flowering.
Glenlea wheat remains very susceptible to damage throughout anthesis.
Many Glenmary missions serve the rural areas where poultry processing plants are located.
Glenmary missioners don t pick and choose.
Glenn signature is an early signature type.
Glenohumeral apprehension is the sense of impending instability in certain glenohumeral positions.
Glenohumeral stability is the ability to maintain the humeral head centered in the glenoid fossa.
Gleyed soil has a gray, greenish gray, or bluish gray color.
Gleyed soils are neutral gray and occasionally greenish or bluish gray.
Gleyed soils are neutral gray or greenish or bluish gray.
Glia cells continue to be produces after birth.
Glia cells keep the neurons safe and healthy .
Glia cells keep the neurons safe and healthy.
A glia is animal tissue
A glia is plant tissue
Glia constitute a support system for neurons.
Glia divide uncontrollably, forming masses called glioblastomas that are difficult to treat.
Glia just glue the brain together.
Glia provide immuni serveillance and aid in tissue repair.
Glia regulate dendritic growth in rat sympathetic neurons via bone morphogenetic proteins.
A glial cell is a vegetative cell
Glial cells act in interesting ways to modulate the survival and growth of neurons.
Glial cells are a specific type of brain cell.
Glial cells are astrocytes, oligodendroglia, ependymal cells, and microglia.
Glial cells are considered support cells, only secondarily involved in signaling and integration.
Glial cells are more numerous than nerve cells.
Glial cells are non-neural support cells and are of three, functionally distinct types.
Glial cells are non-neuronal cells which play supporting roles in the brain and nervous system.
Glial cells are responsible for making up the blood brain barrier.
Glial cells are responsible for the most aggressive type of brain tumor, the glioblastoma.
Glial cells are the metabolic and structural support cells for the nerve cells.
Glial cells are the most common cellular component of the brain.
Glial cells are the most numerous calls in the brain.
Glial cells can divide by mitosis and hence get rejuvenated.
Glial cells can divide in response to damage, creating a glial scar.
Glial cells carry out metabolic functions in the nervous system.
Glial cells contribute to the formation of subretinal membranes.
Glial cells help wrap axons to enhance propagation of electrical signals.
Glial cells immigrating from the optic stalk take residence in the basal layer of the eye disc.
Glial cells increase in number when nerve cells grow with enrichment.
Glial cells multiply dramatically from fetal age four months to the child's second birthday.
Glial cells perform critical functions in the nervous system.
Glial cells play a crucial role in immunological responses to various infections and toxic agents.
Glial cells produce myelin, which is a fatty substance that protects the nerves.
Glial cells provide nutritional, metabolic, and mechanical support to neural tissue.
Glial cells provide scaffolding.
Glial cells provide support for neuronal function.
Glial cells serve a variety of functions depending upon their specialization.
Glial cells support and nourish the neurons.
Glial cells support the neurons in many ways.
Glial cells support the neurons.
Glial cells surround and support the neurons.
Some glial cells produce an insulating material called myelin.
Glial development is likely to be disturbed in argos mutants prior to the retinal innervation.
Glial markers show no glia associated with the duplicated dbd neurons.
Glial proliferation occurs in the ischemic parenchyma.
Glib president has no trouble meeting press.
A glibness is depth
Glibness is a risk.
Glibness is quite different.
Glibness leads easily to condescension.
Glibness now rings horribly, horribly false.
Glibnesses are superficiality.
Glicee reproductions are also available.
Glide mammals inhabit regions.
Most glide mammals inhabit regions.
Glide plane is the plane to extra half plane and is the plane of slip or glide.
Glide reflection has no fixed points and is orientation reversing.
Glide reflection is a simultaneous translation and reflection in the center line.
Glide reflection is an enantiomorphous operation.
Glide time is usually about twelve minutes before landing on the grass runway.
A glide is flight
Glide seeks to be a church of unconditional love.
Glides are flight.
Glides are often hard to see.
Glides are vowels masquerading as consonants.
Glider guns are also very common, and they themselves are gliders.
Glider pilots are experts at dead-stick landings.
Glider pilots come from all walks of life and almost every nation.
Glider pilots do it without props.
Glider pilots stay up longer.
Many glider pilots are quite competitive by nature.
Some glider pilots see monarchs.
Glider plane rides, boat cruises, fishing, adventure ropes courses round out recreational options.
Glider planes have wings , and gliding animals have membranes which they stretch out .
Glider planes have wings, and gliding animals have membranes which they stretch out.
A glider is an aircraft
Glider do like to have toys.
Glider isa aircraft.
Gliders are a little easier to build than powered airplanes.
Gliders are a lot of fun - but they are a lot of work.
Gliders are a stable repeating cell pattern.
Gliders are airplanes that fly for hours without using an engine.
Gliders are airplanes.
Gliders are available to selected members to fly.
Gliders are capable of unpowered flight.
Gliders are controlled by their pilots by using control-sticks.
Gliders are cool because they're nice to have just to fly around and to just enjoy views.
Gliders are great escape artist as well.
Gliders are light.
Gliders are located in porchs.
Gliders are marsupials, and some places have the blanket law of no marsupials permited.
Gliders are reclusive animals.
Gliders are social and communal by nature, and they crave time and attention.
Gliders are to be moved from runway to taxiway by hand only.
Gliders are unpowered aircraft which are towed into the sky by a powered aircraft.
Gliders are very small and difficult to see, unless they are in a turn and the wing is visible.
Gliders begin their soar with the help of external propulsion.
Gliders can come from very humble beginnings.
Gliders can do exactly the same thing.
Gliders can fly hundreds of miles along ridges, for example, in Pennsylvania.
Gliders can make a sound like a barking puppy.
Gliders can remain flying as long as there is lift available.
Gliders can stay aloft by a number of means.
Gliders come in all shapes and sizes.
Gliders come in different shapes and sizes and, of course, with varying performances.
Gliders come in Redwood or Pine.
Gliders come with custom cushions and most styles have a matching ottoman available . . .
Gliders descend relative to the air in which they are flying.
Gliders do bark and have been known to bark all night long.
Gliders do bark, usually at night.
Gliders do the same when in lift.
Gliders eat insects.
Gliders have (part) aircraft engines.
Gliders have (part) bases.
Gliders have (part) ceilings.
Gliders have (part) floors.
Gliders have (part) fuel gauges.
Gliders have (part) fuel indicators.
Gliders have (part) fuel lines.
Gliders have (part) fuel systems.
Gliders have (part) gas gages.
Gliders have (part) gas gauges.
Gliders have (part) gas lines.
Gliders have (part) gas tanks.
Gliders have (part) gasoline gages.
Gliders have (part) gasoline gauges.
Gliders have (part) gasoline tanks.
Gliders have (part) petrol gages.
Gliders have (part) petrol gauges.
Gliders have (part) petrol lines.
Gliders have (part) petrol tanks.
Gliders have (part) power trains.
Gliders have (part) room light.
Gliders have (part) sections.
Gliders have (part) walls.
Gliders have a tendency to hide their illnesses, in the wild, an ill glider is a dead one.
Gliders have small fuselages and radio installation can be more difficult.
Gliders have tendencies.
Gliders just love to climb in and make a nest in the sheep skin type lining.
Gliders launch from behind a vehicle fitted with a payout winch.
Gliders love most fruits, especially melons, grapes, raisins, oranges, and kiwis.
Gliders love to jump and climb.
Gliders normally fly left-hand patterns for all runways.
Gliders produce a number of vocalisations including barking and hissing.
Gliders produce at least three distinct odors.
Gliders propagate backward with respect to rake propagation.
Gliders see our shores as tops for soaring.
Gliders shriek as they dive out of the canopy, wary being in Powerful Owl territory.
Gliders soar over the valley.
Gliders teach basic flight in a quick, easy, inexpensive and focused way.
Gliders use thermals to soar with the eagles.
Gliders always have seats for the pilots.
All gliders use an aerofoil to slow their rate of descent .
All gliders use an aerofoil to slow their rate of descent.
All gliders use thermals to gain altitude.
Most gliders eat insects.
Most gliders have tendencies.
Some gliders come with lines which can shrink, stretch, or have broken cores.
Some gliders feed on nectar from flowers.
Some gliders have pictures.
A gliding bacteria is a bacteria
Some gliding bacteria can move at rates that resemble swimming.
A gliding joint is a diarthrosis
Gliding joints are bones that are really only attached by cartilage.
A glimmer is a flash
Glimmer coughs loudly.
Glimmer is available free of charge to researchers using it for non-commercial purposes.
Glimmer looks more serious.
Glimmers are welcome before the show.
A glimpse is a look
Glimpse isa activity.
Glimpse searches for a string of letters or words.
Glimpses inside show a curio cabinet with neatly arranged contents.
A glint is a flash
Glint can also decompose a time series into empirical orthogonal functions and principal components.
Glint is in the running too.
Glint is reflection.
Glint is what the light is.
Glints occur on the water where the local slope provides a direct specular reflection of the sun.
A glioblastoma is a brain tumor
Glioblastomas are brain tumors.
Glioblastomas are the most comman primary brain tumor.
Glioblastomas are the most malignant brain tumours in adults.
Glioblastomas are tumors.
Glioblastomas can be very difficult to treat.
A glioma is a brain tumor
Gliomas are brain tumors.
Gliomas arise from the structural cells that hold the brain together.
Gliomas begin from glial cells, which are the supportive tissue of the brain.
Gliomas vary greatly in their growth rate and therefore in their degree of malignancy.
A glipizide is medicine
Glipizide acts by lowering blood glucose, but unlike insulin, it is given orally.
Glish syntax is case sensitive so keep everything lower case, particularly the function name .
Glish variables have attributes, a few of which are predefined.
A glissando is a tune
Glissandi are easier going up than going down.
Glissandos are great for beginning a phrase or riff.
A glitch is a fault
Glitches also cause power outages and cripple the pumps that supply gasoline to snowplows.
Glitches are a part of everday life.
Glitches are big nasty digital scratches in the audio and video.
Glitches are common in newsroom planning efforts.
Glitches are likely weeks, even months, into the new year.
Glitches are mistakes in movies and TV shows.
Glitches are often difficult to detect, since they only last a few seconds.
Glitches are short pulses that occur as a result of noise or timing problems in a logic circuit.
Glitches can happen during any type of presentation whether in person or over the Web.
Glitches do happen, of course.
Glitches exist in even the best casino software.
Glitches Expect a few glitches.
Glitches indicate minor problems.
Glitches produce a step.
Glitchs are flaws.
Glitches often can occur for the site owners though.
Any glitches are likely to be temporary and controllable.
Most glitches cause an increase in the output voltage, but some can cause a decrease.
Some glitches have yet to be worked out.
Some glitches remain, however.
Glitter is albums.
Glitter is brightness
Glitter is flashs.
Glitter paints really enhance.
Glitter sticks to it well before it dries.
Some glitter is added when needed.
Glitzy casinos offer the best of classic American and European gaming.
Glitzy graphics are frequently an inhibition to good design.
Global access adds a new level of information requirements.
Global access is one of the major advantages of using the Internet.
Global access provides teachers and students to learn beyond the classroom.
Global action is necessary if the practice is to be eradicated promptly.
Global actions are especially useful for controlling system volume and launching applications.
Global addresses take the place of the old email reflectors.
Global affiliate has a contest and party tie-in with a local radio station.
Global affluence is another factor.
Global alarm sounds setting.
Global alignment can easily overlook such similarities.
Global alignments are excellent for sequences that are known to be very similar.
Global alliances allow suppliers to offer net fares or rates to clients of varying sizes and volume.
Global alliances extend to the cargo business.
Global alliances provide benefits of integration and scale to airlines and customers alike.
Global amnesia is suffered by people who have suffered damage to the hippocampus.
Global analysis is analysis on Riemannian manifolds.
Some global analyses suggest involvement.
Global annotation is used in cases where no local annotation is present.
Global aphasia is aphasia
Global aphasia is characterized by comprehension deficits and non-fluent speech.
Global aphasics can neither read nor write.
Global aphasics have no intentional language.
Global areas offer growth opportunities.
Global attention is warm an fuzzy - the two modes work together as expansion and contraction.
Global attenuation is a parameter which only affects the strip chart.
Global attributes describe a characteristic that is common to all blocks of the same type.
Global awareness involves understanding and reflecting on knowledge and issues related to diversity.
Global awareness is also a key to success.
Global awareness is an attitude, a way of thinking.
Global awareness is an integral component of all Sociology courses.
Global awareness is critical for every education system today.
Global awareness is facilitated through education programs, field projects and media attention.
Global awareness remains patchy.
Global banks are all well and good, but sometimes there's no substitute for local knowledge.
Global bifurcations are also explored.
Global biodiversity exists in a number of patterns.
Global biodiversity is under particular risk.
Global bookings require special attention.
Global bookmarks guide online, hundreds of websites for art, business, education, news and fashion.
Global brands can be surprisingly successful in unexpected categories.
Global browsers allow information located around the world to be accessed by activating hyperlinks.
Global business continues to draw companies to international regions.
Global business forces the employees to think more global, and experience intercultural encounters.
Global business has to be experienced to be understood.
Global business is a fact of life.
Global business is big business.
Global business is exciting and profitable .
Global business is increasingly a complex web of alliances and partnerships.
Global business is the most powerful entity.
Global business moves at a much faster pace today.
Global business needs to be regulated to work in the interests of people, especially poor people.
Global business requires both global and local law firms.
Global business stands at the crossroads of the fundamental changes taking place in the world.
Global businesses deserve a global perspective of their web sites' performance.
Global businesses encounter cultural differences in fundamental values.
Global businesses tend to be ethically blind.
Much global business remains mercilessly unethical at heart.
Global capital does.
Global capitalism becomes a machine devouring our planet.
Global capitalism can no doubt proudly present the best PR-campaign ever.
Global capitalism can only give rise to greater divisions between rich and poor.
Global capitalism has no such bulwarks.
Global capitalism has no time for touch.
Global capitalism is a code word for theft.
Global capitalism is supremely impervious to both methods of protest.
Global capitalism is surely in trouble.
Global capitalism is too unstable to let governments bear the full brunt of the market's whims.
Global capitalism means poverty and starvation for much of the worlds population.
Global capitalism molds the consumer far more than it responds to consumer desires.
Global capitation can be risky, yet profitable.
Global card make regular use quick and easy.
Global carriers are also fairly self-explanatory.
Global catalyst stirs up healthcare IT . . . . .
Global challenges require cooperative, global solutions, none more so than global climate change.
Global challenges require cooperative, global solutions.
Global challenges require global efforts.
Global change affects all life forms on the planet.
Global change has to start at the local level.
Global change includes a variety of issues that are mainly caused by a humans and their activities.
Global change is a fact.
Global change is a relatively new area of study.
Global change is driven by events that occur locally but affect regional and global processes.
Global change is easy, one change make all instances changed because it is integrated.
Global change is inevitable.
Global change is major concern.
Global change is more than that it is the essence of the history of the planet.
Global change necessitates adaptive management.
Global change presents a clear, immediate and urgent challenge for evolutionary biology.
Global changes are both anthropogenic and natural.
Global changes are trivial, and there is no overhead.
Global changes triggered by single commands count as single items in the undo list.
Global characteristics are present in the generic model.
Global chart preferences only affect new chart windows.
Global citizenship requires both knowledge and skill.
Global citizenship requires the understanding and practice of global ethics.
Global cities are epicenters of human activity that help drive the global economy.
Global climate is impacted by the same factors.
Global climates occur during epochs.
Most global climates occur during epochs.
Global clocks allow logic such as synchronous counters to function without glitches.
Global code is any code that is outside functions.
Global codes show different size scaling and the radial mode is radially global.
Global comments view the writing as a whole and evaluate the overall impact and effectiveness.
Global commerce is controlled by the polemic masters.
Global communication is immediate.
Global communication is mandatory.
Global communication is very certainly the business of the real world.
Global communication requires communicative language skills.
Global communications provide the fuel for today's competitive market fires.
Global communications redistributes channels of communication.
Global communion is costly .
Global communities exist and interact online.
Global companies are on the attack against the global workforce.
Global companies can locate anywhere.
Global companies face a new set of issues that go well beyond their traditional business focus.
Global companies face a unique set of issues that go well beyond their traditional business focus .
Global companies mean global jobs and a global system of reward.
Global companies outperform domestics, growing twice as fast with significantly higher returns.
Global companies remain upbeat.
Global competence is just that, and there is no substitute.
Global competition brings a requirement for financial accounts that meet international standards.
Global competition continues to put pressure on cost.
Global competition demands leaders who draw from diverse experiences.
Global competition has both positive and negative aspects.
Global competition includes some caveats for future growth of U.S. chemical production.
Global competition is a very real economic force working to keep rates down.
Global competition is an inescapable fact of corporate life.
Global competition is another interesting subject.
Global competition is here.
Global competition is mentioned endlessly, and it is real.
Global competition is more economic than military.
Global competition is relentless and exacting.
Global competition is tougher than ever.
Global competition leaves no more room for deviations from the profit yardstick.
Global competition requires costs to be competitive.
Global competitiveness is more than technologies and strategies.
Global competitiveness is prevalent in business today.
Global competitiveness mandates efficient operations and global environmental sensitivity.
Global competitiveness places greater demands on business.
Global concerns interfacing with daily concerns strain the family's resources.
Global concerns ought to be valued above conflicting national concerns.
Global conflicts fall into three categories.
Global confrontation is counter productive.
Global conglomerates create global products for an imaginary global audience.
Global connections involving finite amplitude states are also present.
Global connectivity is of paramount importance to anyone who travels, locally or worldwide.
Global considerations are more interesting.
Global considerations Varying cultural and legal standards can affect an array of HR functions.
Global consistency has to be ensured by the programmer, using an extra enumeration predicate.
Global conspirators plot to steal a smallpox virus sample from Russia to use in a biological weapon.
Global constants are fine, of course.
Global consumers demand nothing less than their American counterparts.
Global consumers have more health choice than ever before.
Global consumption is a very important aspect of globalization.
Global consumption is broadly flat while production is in long-term decline.
Global consumption is dictated by demand for acrylic fiber and acrylonitrile butadiene styrene.
Global context is the source of universal laws.
Global convergence is proved.
Global cooperation is an imperative.
Global cooperation is crucial to addressing the threats from POPs.
Global cooperation is essential.
Global cooperation is necessary to solve some environmental problems.
Global cooperation is necessary to stem and reverse the degradation of the biosphere.
Global cooperation offers a mechanism for tackling the aforementioned problems.
Global coordination is the key.
Global corporations are different than monopoly corporations.
Global corporations are the support base for ultra-right forces.
Global corporations can now use a number of sources for products sold in any country.
Global corporations command the capital, technology, labor and many governments.
Global corporations exist first and foremost as profit-making ventures.
Global corporations have the ability to spread costs over a larger product portfolio.
Global corporations represent a new empire.
Some global corporations are larger economic units and have greater influence than some countries.
Global correlation is hindered by poor biostratigraphy in the Dolomites region.
Global coupling arises in the presence of gravity through buoyancy effects.
Global courses focus on global processes by examining worldwide issues or topics comprehensively.
Global coverage is anticipated shortly thereafter.
Global coverage is provided by our affiliate network of charter agents.
Global coverage is reached every three days.
Global coverage requires more satellite orbital planes and space vehicles.
Global crises threaten health.
Global crises threaten public health.
Most global crises threaten health.
Most global crises threaten public health.
Most global currencies are.
Global customers can view activity times based on their own time zone.
Global customers demand consistency in service and quality at globally competitive prices.
Global data are also immediately practical for use in shipping and petroleum development activities.
Global data is downloaded to processing centers.
Global data is mapped to the local memories of processes assuming specific data distributions.
Any global data is either read-only or is protected by locks maintained by the thread package.
Global deals add multiple levels of complexity.
Global defaults Use global defaults for spreadsheet printing purposes.
Global delivery is also available for a nominal fee.
Global demand continues to grow for human proteins and vaccines.
Global demand is said to be currently sluggish due to a milder than anticipated winter.
Global democracy solves global problems.
Global democratisation is a main theme in most research projects.
Global deployment is scheduled for next quarter.
Global depression begins in earnest.
Global deregulation is here now, never before and never again.
Global Deregulation Takes Off.
Global determinism is only statistical.
Global development destroys the turtles nesting locations on a daily basis.
Global dialogue happens in many fora and in many events in the world.
Global distance is another thing.
Global distributors target the workplace, physicians, corrections, clinical and educational markets.
Global diversification is advantageous for company executives as well.
Global dollars store the real wealth of nature.
Global dust storms regularly cover the entire planet.
Global dyslexia refers to the inability to perform either task.
Most global earthquakes concentrate at the plate boundaries.
Global economies give rise to global marketing.
Global economies mean real global connections.
Global economy has a peculiarity characterizing it from previous economical experiences - internet.
Global economy involves much more than just creating, promoting or even translating a Web site.
Global economy is dominated by pyromaniacs who burn ever more huge amounts of fossil fuels.
Global economy is really global tyranny.
Global economy seems to dwarf the earth gradually.
Most global economies go into recession.
Global education does a lot for shedding egocentric and ethnocentric attitudes.
Global education does begin at home.
Global education emphasizes a systems-centered approach.
Global education implies preparing students for global citizenship.
Global education is a catchword that is on many people's lips.
Global education is a lifelong process.
Global education is so important today.
Global education is to encourage students to see their human rights in the global context.
Global education needs to be taught in every school of the world.
Global effects are due to the large scale usage.
Global effectiveness requires a willingness and ability to share information, people, and resources.
Some global effort focuses on contact.
Global elements are available for reference when building content models.
Some global emissions associate with electricity.
Some global emissions associate with generate electricity.
Global enchantments affect everybody.
Most global energy is supplied by a. fossil fuels.
Global engineering is already a reality.
Global error bounds for the generalized nonsymmetric eigenvalue problem assuming .
Global error comes from the distribution of local error.
Global ethics evolves as the parameters of scientific research change.
Global evaluation means finding the optimal set of controls for the organization.
Global events affect domestic economies.
Global Events See what hash events are going on around the world.
Global expansion allows alternative growth opportunities for the U.S. financial services industry.
Global expansion allows value to be created.
Global expansion is certainly necessary.
Global expansion is much easier said than done.
Global expansion is something that everyone has the opportunity to achieve.
Global expansion requires international trade.
Global expectations are continuously on the rise.
Global experts consult their crystal balls.
Global exposure is the key.
Global extinction is the complete elimination of a particular species everywhere in the world.
Global fairness is indeed on the docket for discussion, but now is the time for action.
Global feedback is used to represent full system dynamics.
Global finance does undercut governmental regulation.
Global finance is the science of managing money in a multinational, transglobal environment.
Many global firms rely on cash bonuses to supplement an employee's salary.
Global forces challenge the authority of the nation states.
Global forces present new challenges.
Global forums are en vogue.
Global fragments are more important than pairwise fragments.
Global funds can keep some of their money at home.
Global funds can.
Global funds invest all over the world, including the United States.
Global funds invest in both international and U.S. securities.
Global funds invest in both U.S. and international-based companies.
Global funds seek growth by investing in securities around the world, including the United States.
Global gang has learning games and quizzes for children and an accompanying teachers section.
Most global gatherings lack real import.
Global geometry is defined locally.
Global governance is a hotly contested issue.
Global governance is accountable to no one.
Global governance is completely incompatible with national sovereignty.
Global governance is still a work in progress.
Global governance requires that corporations are held accountable to international law.
Global governance smells like, and is, world government.
Global groups are the best method for simultaneously adding many users to another domain.
Global groups are the most efficient way to add users to local groups.
Global groups can only contain users.
Global groups go into Local groups, in one or more domains.
Global growth is held hostage to creditors and financial speculators.
Global growth requires contributions.
Most global growth requires contributions.
Global handouts are like income.
Global health supports global security interest.
Global health supports interest.
Global health supports security interest.
Most global health supports global security interest.
Most global health supports security interest.
Global history is perhaps more difficult.
Global illumination represent the light with origin of source light incident on a surface element.
Global immunization is the greatest public health success in history.
Global improvement is NOTthe sum of the local improvements.
Global improvement is the sum of the local improvements.
Global industry consolidates.
Some global industries experience nuclear accidents.
Some global industries experience serious accidents.
Some global industries experience serious nuclear accidents.
Global influences become more evident, and Asian continues as one of the strongest.
Global information combines with individual choice and movement.
Global information flows parallel and facilitate global capital flows.
Global information meets individual choice and movement.
Global inhibition distributes attention over the sets.
Global initiatives are also very suitable for linking to the networking programme.
Global input is great.
Global inquiries are welcome.
Global inspector does the same thing for the composed image.
Global institutions are indispensable to efforts to achieve human security.
Global institutions provide a common framework and standards for looking across countries.
Global integration has good and bad aspects.
Global integration has little impact on job growth or wages, but offers more choices to consumers.
Global integration poses a similar challenge at the international level today.
Global interaction is a factor in almost all business and industries today.
Global interaction is provided, with students networking from many different cultures and countries.
Global interdependence brings with it a certain global vulnerability.
Global interdependence is now a well-established fact of life.
Global interdependence is stressed.
Global interdependence is such an obvious fact that the phrase has become almost a cliche.
Global interdependence makes second language proficiency and cross-cultural understanding essential.
Global interdependence requires a whole new set of global rules.
Global interests are critical to environmental management in affluent cities.
Global investors are justifiably skittish about dipping into Japanese stocks.
Global investors require timely information and the tools to act on it.
Many global investors appear to think there is plenty of fuel left in the rally.
Global ischemia induces apoptosis-associated genes in hippocampus.
Global issues affect life.
Global issues are also important U.S. interests in Bangladesh.
Global issues can also have significant security implications for Australia.
Global issues impact health.
Global issues require global responses.
Global issues strike home.
All global issues are very important when teaching children.
All global issues have potential local applications.
Most global issues affect life.
Global justice demands that such crimes be subject to the law.
Global justice is now fashionable.
Global knowledge represents an anti bias attitude and respect of other cultures.
Global labels appear in all workspaces.
Global learners relate to stories and situations that are exciting, fun, humorous, and personal.
Global lenders dictate economic structures that increase poverty and cut into health and education.
Global links are all other links to outside documents or locations.
Global lists target Africa , Australia , New Zealand , Asia and the Pacific and Europe .
Global locks can often adversely affect scalability.
Global macros are available to all file types.
Global macros exist and are accessible across all procedures.
Global magazines offer only a cursory glance at the Middle East, North Africa and India.
Global maps are of limited utility.
Global maps indicate that most of the world's deserts are contained within two bands.
Global market includes package handlers, schools.
Global market means internationalization of risks.
Global markets are another factor contributing to the contemporary interest in political science.
Global markets are energy hungry.
Global markets are more interconnected.
Global markets are no longer the predictions of commerce mystics, they are fact.
Global markets are popular.
Global markets are unpredictable, competitive and demanding.
Global markets can help the rural poor.
Global markets change and in over-producing meat, farmers misjudged their markets.
Global markets do represent a giant leap forward.
Global markets emerge overnight.
Global markets enable buyers of labour to move employment from one place to another.
Global markets head for consolidation .
Global markets limit the effectiveness of national regulation.
Global markets mean that all sectors have to adapt to compete in the future.
Global markets necessitate global communication.
Global markets present new challenges, too.
Global markets present new opportunities for competition law and enforcement.
Global markets represent a potential for more than a half-billion clients.
Global markets sink European and Asian bourses traded broadly lower in wake of attacks.
Global marketing is now an established and accepted long-term trend for almost every business.
Global marketing is one of the most exciting fields of business and one of the most challenging.
Global marketing requires a thorough knowledge of local issues.
Global mean temperature increases over years.
Global members provide international experience, from local consultants.
Global membership is world-wide membership of an entity.
Global methods have several disadvantages.
Global methodologies have several disadvantages.
Global migration reaches record high .
Global mission arises out of national mission.
Global mission is no longer only in India or Congo or Bolivia.
Global mobility puts distance between the generations.
Global models are unique because of the breadth of the theories they endeavour to embody.
Global monitoring continues to occur at Crater Lake.
Global monitoring is possible from nearly any site on earth.
Global names are strings.
All global names start with icwTM to avoid collision with other scripts.
Global navigation enables the audience to quickly move to any of the major sections of the site.
Global navigation goes sitewide, whereas local focuses on a specific, topical area of the site.
Global networks call for globally acclimated products.
Global networks can now monitor operations around the planet and create havoc with their passion.
Global networks claim to offer the best available service across the marketing mix.
Global networks promise even more dramatic changes to communications, community, and society.
Global niches are more feasible.
Global nomads know how to be mobile.
Global observations play an essential role in model development and testing.
Global operations can perform changes on a whole set of cards at once.
Global operations extend from our headquarters in Madison, Indiana, to Canada, Italy, and England.
Global operators can do things to all users on the network.
Global optimization approaches to certain network flow problems.
Global optimization comes first, and then the placement moves toward greater and greater detail.
Global optimization is a voracious consumer of computer power and time.
Global optimization looks at procedures and loops, and takes even more time.
Global options apply to all new projects.
Global options apply to all subnets.
Global options are the defaults to use if no command line options are given.
A global organization is alignment
Global organizations are extremely complex and are becoming increasingly so in the new economy.
Global organizations comprise of individual members.
Global organizations comprise of members.
Most global organizations comprise of individual members.
Most global organizations comprise of members.
Global ownership is too vague.
Global parameters apply to the entire window session.
Global partners are web sites that feature an electronic brochure directory.
Global partners require global development standards.
Global partnerships are much more than a handshake and a smile in front of a camera.
Global peace begins in our classrooms.
Global peace means no wars and global prosperity means good and cheap products keep flowing in.
Global perspective informs local action.
Global perspectives are essential.
Global perspectives is tied to social studies, environmental science, and cultural perspective.
Global phase diagrams - a very large and detailed online tutorial . .
Global plans can prevent spectrum waste and inefficiency at our borders.
Global policies have processes competing against each other for frames.
Global policy allocates files and directories to cylinder groups.
Global policy calls local allocation routines to request for specific blocks.
Global population continues to oncrease strongly.
Global population increases mean greater demands for wise and fair uses of natural resources.
Global population rises continuously throughout the century.
Global population rises during the first half of the century, peaks mid-century, then declines.
Global portfolios focus on investing in foreign companies in addition to the United States.
Global poverty is a powder keg, ignitable by our indifference.
Global power leads to global revolt.
Global preferences apply to all remote sites.
Global pressure resolves the crisis.
Global priorities represent the use of an invariant in an algorithm.
Global problems can seem far removed from our day to day existence.
Global problems have to be tackled globally.
Global problems require global efforts.
Global problems require global solutions.
Many global problems call for local solutions.
Most global problems emanate from exploitation and alienation of the people.
Global processes can be intensely local or regional.
Global products are products marketed in all countries essentially without any changes.
Global products make wonderful gifts.
Some global production reaches peaks.
Global programs work on a rolling deadline schedule.
Global projects have the potential to improve student writing and proofreading skills.
Many global projects depend on individuals and small groups around the world to be effective.
Global property has no effect on the Test method.
Global purpose is solidified and honored by all leaders and individuals.
Global qualifiers can change the behaviour of the program.
Global queries are no longer possible.
Global rainfall is the primary distributor of heat through atmospheric circulation.
Global rainfall is the primary distributor of latent heat through atmospheric circulation.
Global reach can also open up new partners and vendors, as well as clients, all over the world.
Global reach can also open up new partners and vendors, as well as clients.
Global reach is contemplated.
Global reach is equally critical.
Global reach is increasingly necessary to serve the multinational institutions.
Global references remain valid throughout an application.
Global reform starts with local reform.
Global reforms can never substitute for national reforms.
Global religions approach morality the same way.
Global relocation is a costly endeavor.
Global replacement is more efficient overall and therefore is commonly used.
Global representation is critical.
Global resources have to be managed on the principle of equitable entitlements of all stakeholders.
Global response is vital.
Global responsibility demands globally capable behavior.
Global responsibility has various dimensions.
Global restrictions are more effective than unilateral American action.
Global result is even worse.
Global retailing is a perilous game.
Global revenues exceed a trillion dollars annually.
Global revisions are the hardest to make, but they are the most important.
Global sales add much more.
Global sales are important to growing our construction businesses.
Global scale pushes the thresholds of the perception of meteorology into climatology.
Global scandals make headlines daily.
Global scepticism is rare outside philosophy seminars.
Global scepticism is rare.
Global schemas are more valuable if they represent a clear view of the component databases.
Global scope is probably the easiest to understand.
Global search Check the availability of any name in all our most popular top level domains.
Global secrecy contributes to a pervasive society-wide anxiety about sexuality.
Global security is more effective, cheaper and less visible to users.
Global sense opens hearts to peace. .
Global services can only work through local know-how.
Global settings affect the operation of all virtual servers.
Global Settings Opens the dialog for customizing profile-independent program settings.
Global shipping is also an area that needs more attention.
Global shopping has new meaning to the small business.
Global shopping is more than an American phenomenon.
Global sites can be challenging to run, there is a lot to remember.
Global skills require knowledge in economics, analysis, evaluation, and research.
Global snapshots are suitable in detecting stable conditions, which stay unchanged once formed.
Global snapshots are useful in a wide variety of distributed applications.
Global society faces the forces of both integration and division.
Global society s greatest right is the opportunity to learn, change, and improve.
Some global societies suffer fate.
Some global societies suffer same fate.
Global solidarity works.
Global space is transformed into cyber-space.
Global specialization adds to efficiency.
Global stability is achieved by many nations working in concert.
Global standards drive global trade.
Global standards inform all our teaching and research activities.
Global standardization is maintained via technology, validation and quality control.
Global stories are attempts to create a global culture.
Global students are students with heightened cultural and global awareness.
Global studies is integrated into language arts, social studies, math, science, and technology.
Global stuff is boring but then local stuff can become boring for different reasons.
Global success is a challenge even for the largest firms.
Global success requires local resolve.
Global summits are useless.
Global sustainability is a balance between population demand and resource use.
All global teams face similar challenges.
Global technology is one of our cornerstones.
Global temperature depends positively on absorbed solar radiation.
Global temperature increases over years.
Global temperature is, nevertheless, a useful and important indicator.
Global temperatures fluctuate on various time scales even in the absence of any climate change.
Global temperatures go in cycles, too.
Global temperatures spark hot debate.
Most global temperature increases over years.
Some global temperature enhances phenomena.
Global tensions mount.
Global things move from hosts specific files to global config file.
Global thinkers try to see the whole picture or an overall pattern in information.
Global tilt is removed from the tilt vector map.
Global titles project broad scope, long range planning.
Global trade depends greatly on the acceptance of standards.
Global trade exerts an influence.
Global trade involves far more than moving products.
Global trade is a mixed bag for the United States, as it is for most countries.
Global trade is an inevitable aspect of the new century.
Global trade is Canada's lifeblood.
Global trade is certain to be a big issue.
Global trade is now a fact of life.
Global trade is on the rise and containerisation continues to be the strongest trend in freight.
Global trade is predicted to grow again within the year.
Global trade provides U.S. consumers and business with low-priced and often specialized goods.
Global trade remains one of the keys to boosting farm incomes.
Global traders bet big on bonds .
Global traffic means how many people from a particular country visited any of a company's web sites.
Global travel can result in outbreaks anywhere.
Global travel continues to increase.
Global travel is a cheap ticket away.
Global travel is now so common that infections can be spread between continents in a day.
Global travel is required.
Some global travelers visit shores.
Global treaties bring high risks to economies and promise low returns to environmental health.
Global trends affect everyday lives.
Global trends are the same.
Global trends enhance the urgency of economic matters.
Global trends suggest both promise and peril.
Global understanding is impossible to achieve without critical thinking.
Global unrest continues to increase.
Global utilities are indispensable.
Global value is stored with each symbol.
Global variables allow for a simple and fast communication between tasks.
Global variables allow information to pass through to submachines.
Global variables are bad because they can easily collide accidentally.
Global variables are generally a bad idea.
Global variables are important.
Global variables are know to all of the objects on the form.
Global variables are more likely to be missed in a large file.
Global variables are safe to use.
Global variables are the worst enemy of good software.
Global variables are unnecessary.
Global variables are variables in the global namespace.
Global variables are very convenient as illustrated in the examples.
Global variables become static data members of classes.
Global variables deserve longer names than local ones, because their context is hard to see.
Global variables differ from local variables in three ways.
Global variables exist everywhere in the program.
Global variables hang around for ever, so they take up more memory.
Global variables have availability that is visible everywhere in the program.
Global variables have many problems associated with thier usage.
Global variables have memory allocated at the start of program execution.
Global variables have values that can be accessed by any function.
Global variables hide behavior and make bugs difficult to find.
Global variables remain in memory even after a script has stopped execution.
Global variables Try to avoid global variables, other than constants.
Global views recall the overall position and size of the visible windows.
Every global village needs an architect.
Global war is the answer.
Global wars break out over resources.
Global warfare is bad.
Global Web Take a cruise around the cyberworld.
Global winds are winds that form all over the globe.
Global winter is another way of getting cold.
Global work has to be organized globally.
A globalisation is a physical process
Globalisation aims to conquer markets rather than nation states.
Globalisation also brings with it rapid change and new challenges.
Globalisation also gives the opportunities for the nations and individuals.
Globalisation also has implications for the relationships between groups of countries.
Globalisation also impacts on welfare provisions in both the South and the North.
Globalisation also implies that certain types of policy measures become less effective.
Globalisation also involves risks, however.
Globalisation also means the plundering of our planet.
Globalisation also provides potential problems for businesses.
Globalisation basically means that one predominant system of values transpires all over the planet.
Globalisation brings about competition.
Globalisation brings about intense competition for trade, talent and international investments.
Globalisation brings about new possibilities and new challenges but also new threat images.
Globalisation brings with it dangers.
Globalisation brings with it opportunities and risks.
Globalisation can also adversely influence the culture of a society.
Globalisation can be a powerful and dynamic force for growth and development.
Globalisation can only deepen if poverty also becomes globalised.
Globalisation can undermine sovereignty.
Globalisation challenges each one of tenets and gains of globalism.
Globalisation creates great opportunity for Australia.
Globalisation creates increasing inequalities, a widening chasm between the winners and losers.
Globalisation creates new opportunities for growth in the developing countries.
Globalisation creates unprecedented new opportunities and risks.
Globalisation does offer enormous potential opportunities.
Globalisation emerges most clearly as an economic reality.
Globalisation even challenges the sanctity of our traditional legal institutions.
Globalisation favours an elite integrated in the global economy, with economic and political power.
Globalisation fearfully jeopardizes the vitality and the diversity of cultures.
Globalisation goes bananas.
Globalisation has an enormous impact on international foreign policy issues.
Globalisation has an image problem.
Globalisation has economic, political, and cultural aspects.
Globalisation has huge health implications in the light of our interdependence as a species.
Globalisation has important implications for the role of leaders.
Globalisation has many meanings.
Globalisation has the power to bring immense economic benefits to all countries and people.
Globalisation has the power to leave some segments of society vulnerable.
Globalisation highlights different collective choices in the matter of human rights.
Globalisation hinders Governments' efforts to reduce the gap between rich and poor.
Globalisation holds many advantages for a country such as South Africa.
Globalisation increases competition, thereby providing a positive contribution to price stability.
Globalisation influences the law as well.
Globalisation institutionalises unequal development.
Globalisation involves taking over much more land and impoverishing lakhs more.
Globalisation is a complex phenomenon marked by two opposing forces.
Globalisation is a dominant feature of our time and many talk about the global village.
Globalisation is a dubious concept, rife with dangers and contradictions.
Globalisation is a fact of life.
Globalisation is a fact of modern life.
Globalisation is a force for economic growth and job creation, given the right economic policies.
Globalisation is a grand design to re-colonise the developing world.
Globalisation is a juggernaut out of control, run by a small number of dickheads in suits .
Globalisation is a kind of unavoidable situation.
Globalisation is a new historical era.
Globalisation is a new word in the Indian business lexicon.
Globalisation is a part of our life.
Globalisation is a primary objective.
Globalisation is a process which has an important fiscal dimension.
Globalisation is a reality from automotive to aerospace, from construction to communications.
Globalisation is a single term for a lot of paradoxical and contradictory changes.
Globalisation is a social phenomenon as well as a historical trend.
Globalisation is a term used constantly today.
Globalisation is a theory now accepted almost without dispute.
Globalisation is a two-sided question.
Globalisation is a Western conspiracy to control countries, their population and their resources.
Globalisation is a western phenomenon or rather it is a European phenomenon.
Globalisation is actually the globalisation of poverty.
Globalisation is an ongoing process that presents opportunities, as well as risks and challenges.
Globalisation is an undeniably capitalist process.
Globalisation is approached from both political economy and postcolonial perspectives.
Globalisation is as much a challenge to individual identity as nationalism.
Globalisation is at the same time very specific and rather abstract, a state of mind.
Globalisation is both a cause and a consequence of the information revolution.
Globalisation is by no means always bad news for the low-skilled.
Globalisation is desirable, but so is caring for the vulnerable and the weak.
Globalisation is driven by the financial markets.
Globalisation is enormously beneficial to the entire world.
Globalisation is everywhere.
Globalisation is here to stay.
Globalisation is Israel's ally.
Globalisation is neither especially new nor, in general, a folly.
Globalisation is no accident.
Globalisation is no longer a question of choice.
Globalisation is on the rise.
Globalisation is one of the characteristics of our age.
Globalisation is one of the great paradoxes of our time.
Globalisation is one of the principal theme-words of the present age.
Globalisation is potentially a new form of colonization.
Globalisation is powerful and seductive.
Globalisation is powerful, and some have argued that it has rendered the nation-state redundant.
Globalisation is quite clearly the biggest environmental problem.
Globalisation is real.
Globalisation is seen as a new engine for producing prosperity and higher income in many countries.
Globalisation is simply the application of liberal capitalism on a global stage.
Globalisation is the challenge, and for big business mergers are being seen as the solution.
Globalisation is the effective erasure of national boundaries for economic purposes.
Globalisation is the final stage of that titanic megalomania.
Globalisation is the key to the development process.
Globalisation is the rising tide of cheapness and superficiality.
Globalisation is the rule of the game.
Globalisation is too vague a target.
Globalisation is very good for Australia.
Globalisation is well under way.
Globalisation is Western capitalism internationalised.
Globalisation is, in short, increased social relations internationally.
Globalisation makes corporate power explicit.
Globalisation means both increased interdependence and increased regulation.
Globalisation means companies can now trade all over the world.
Globalisation means many things.
Globalisation means national organisations are looking for international links.
Globalisation means stakeholders and responsibilities everyw here, which have to be managed.
Globalisation means that for many workers, bosses are thousands of miles away.
Globalisation means the breaking down of frontiers, whether they divide out minds or our countries.
Globalisation offers many benefits.
Globalisation offers states an opportunity to compete for mobile economic activity.
Globalisation operates on Internet time.
Globalisation poses in that sense two profound challenges to democracy.
Globalisation presents harsh new problems for political leaders.
Globalisation presents many challenges as well as many opportunities.
Globalisation provides great opportunities for developing countries to grow rapidly.
Globalisation reinforces a sexist and patriarchal system.
Globalisation represents an enormous challenge to the trade union movement.
Globalisation requires improved governance also in a range of other policy areas.
Globalisation rolls on regardless of what Australia does.
Globalisation serves as another stimulus for the transformation of the insurance market.
Globalisation stimulates entry to previously closed markets.
Globalisation strengthens our transatlantic links.
Globalisation takes hold.
Globalisation takes many forms.
Globalisation therefore needs to be carefully managed to meet the risks inherent in the process.
Globalisation transforms the scope and scale of our activities.
Globalisation underpinned by global ethics is the best hope for the poor.
Globalisation wears the cloak of liberalisation and openness.
Globalist leaders know that well.
Globalization studies are at the cutting edge of the social sciences.
Globalization affects quality in many ways.
Globalization affects the economic life in both positive and negative ways.
Globalization also causes negative situations in a country's economic life.
Globalization also has a dark side.
Globalization also has an impact on advertising and consumerism.
Globalization also has important political ramifications.
Globalization also helps push down U.S. wages.
Globalization also increases the difficulty of making decisions.
Globalization also increases the possibility of well-coordinated worldwide campaigns.
Globalization also increases the U.S. economy's exposure to foreign shocks.
Globalization also leads to counter-effects.
Globalization also means increased competition which puts additional pressure on national economies.
Globalization also offers a mix of opportunities and risks.
Globalization also poses challenges to societies and economies.
Globalization also poses significant methodological and theoretical challenges.
Globalization also promotes the spontaneous gathering of people with common interests.
Globalization also requires a new culture, new rules and new institutions at the world level.
Globalization also tends to aggravate structural violence.
Globalization also weakens federal, state and local tax bases.
Globalization alters the structures in which they work.
Globalization amounts to a coup d'etat by the global economic elite.
Globalization based on strong, firm rules favours fairness over raw power.
Globalization boosts the use of economic resources and increases interaction between cultures.
Globalization breeds tribalization.
Globalization breeds uniformity.
Globalization brings a growing area for mergers, consolidations and more.
Globalization brings about change.
Globalization brings huge problems along with some advantages.
Globalization brings with it the promise of new economies of scale.
Globalization brings with it, for everyone, a loss of power, of control, of sovereignty even.
Globalization brings, and requires, concentration on high value-added activities.
Globalization broadens the boundaries of our lives.
Globalization can also be a very fertile process.
Globalization can as many such 'topical' concepts have many meanings.
Globalization can be a catalyst for mutual progress or a new cause for bitter global conflict.
Globalization can be a force to create growth and opportunities.
Globalization can be a powerful and dynamic force for growth and development.
Globalization can be a powerful motor either for integration or for marginalization.
Globalization can be a source of new values.
Globalization can be a strong force in the fight against poverty.
Globalization can be an equitable phenomenon.
Globalization can be both a burden and a relief, a freedom and a limit.
Globalization can be desirable.
Globalization can be good, and globalization can be bad.
Globalization can blur regional and national differences.
Globalization can bring remarkable benefits.
Globalization can have contradictory tendencies.
Globalization can increase vulnerability to external shocks.
Globalization can mean many different things.
Globalization can mean unprecedented new opportunities, or it can mean disaster for corporations.
Globalization can provide immense opportunities for less developed countries.
Globalization carries a genuine human cost.
Globalization carries a genuine human price tag.
Globalization carries much to be wary of.
Globalization causes mass layoffs and huge income disparities.
Globalization constitutes an ongoing process.
Globalization continues to drive changes throughout every sector of the economy.
Globalization continues with gusto.
Globalization contributes to mental health problems, say experts.
Globalization creates both opportunities and challenges.
Globalization creates many more new jobs than it destroys, but in different sectors and areas.
Globalization creates natural tensions that impact on immigration policy.
Globalization decreases the power of old centralized authorities.
Globalization demands increased productivity and maintaining international quality standards.
Globalization denotes movement of money, goods, information and people across national borders.
Globalization does present tremendous opportunities for growth and prosperity.
Globalization drives changes throughout every sector of the economy.
Globalization effects the lives and livelihood of women.
Globalization enjoys a symbiotic relationship with the Internet economy.
Globalization entails development and human security as well as poverty and human fear.
Globalization exacerbates already existing pressures to lower the cost of labor in the aggregate.
Globalization exacerbates gender inequalities.
Globalization exaggerates weaknesses and strengths.
Globalization excites passions.
Globalization expands the information superhighway across the world.
Globalization explains our company's approach to consulting.
Globalization feeds on uniformity, both ideological and material.
Globalization further exacerbates poverty by privatizing government services on a national level.
Globalization Gain multilingual and multi-currency functionalities.
Globalization gets mixed reviews.
Globalization gives rise to a web of contradictions, tensions and anxieties.
Globalization has a number of positive effects.
Globalization has a similar inevitability, a similar profundity.
Globalization has an uneven impact on Asian power.
Globalization has benefits, but also costs.
Globalization has impacts well beyond the economic sphere.
Globalization has important cultural, social, environmental, and political impacts.
Globalization has many dimensions.
Globalization has many effects one of which is that it reduces poverty in developing countries.
Globalization has many implications for leadership today and in the future.
Globalization has many meaning.
Globalization has several aspects - cultural, social, environmental and economic.
Globalization has the potential to bring immense benefits to the human race.
Globalization has the potential to generate substantial additional wealth.
Globalization has very uneven results.
Globalization has yet to be realized as geographically oriented trading blocs evolve into dominance.
Globalization has, in principle, the potential to benefit all of the world s people.
Globalization heralds a radical, revolutionary change in the historical world order.
Globalization highlights the tenuousness of the dichotomy between state and non-state actors.
Globalization holds great potential to enhance human welfare.
Globalization holds major implications for agricultural research.
Globalization impacts national politics, sometimes in ugly ways.
Globalization implies threats to various civilizations.
Globalization imposes both technical and organizational challenges.
Globalization includes many things.
Globalization increases choice and liberty, while national group identity does the opposite.
Globalization increases poverty.
Globalization involves much more than trade and finance.
Globalization involves tougher competitive conditions for the business sector.
Globalization is a big word and an even bigger enemy.
Globalization is a central part of our growth strategy.
Globalization is a challenge to the Filipino business community.
Globalization is a company's tendency to have interest in media corporations in other countries.
Globalization is a complex concept that means different things to different people.
Globalization is a complex process and has many components.
Globalization is a complex reality.
Globalization is a complicated phenomenon.
Globalization is a comprehensive challenge and opportunity.
Globalization is a concern at a number of levels.
Globalization is a demanding process requiring knowledge and information.
Globalization is a direction of super corporations.
Globalization is a disease.
Globalization is a fact of economic life, which most reasonable people concede.
Globalization is a fact of life for the foreseeable future.
Globalization is a fact of life.
Globalization is a fact.
Globalization is a firm concept in sociology.
Globalization is a force of nature - human nature.
Globalization is a fundamental change in the way the world works.
Globalization is a general trend in business.
Globalization is a harsh god.
Globalization is a historically inevitable path.
Globalization is a key business driver in the marketplace.
Globalization is a key objective in growing the company.
Globalization is a large and complex subject with economic, political, and cultural dimensions.
Globalization is a major force behind partnering.
Globalization is a mantra conjuring up visions of the flip-side of a Marxist utopia.
Globalization is a misused word and a misunderstood concept.
Globalization is a money launderer's dream.
Globalization is a more recent development than internationalization .
Globalization is a much touted notion and is often viewed as a process moving inexorably forward.
Globalization is a phenomenon that the development agenda simply has to contain.
Globalization is a physical process
Globalization is a powerful driving force behind today s unprecedented biological implosion.
Globalization is a powerful force for raising living standards across the world.
Globalization is a profoundly important phenomenon.
Globalization is a reality.
Globalization is a relatively recent phenomenon.
Globalization is a trend of today's enterprises.
Globalization is a violent system, imposed and maintained through use of violence.
Globalization is about change.
Globalization is about getting out of the tribal mind.
Globalization is about minds and ideas, too.
Globalization is about more than economics.
Globalization is about the ever-diminishing boundaries of our world.
Globalization is about the flow of goods, services, and money across borders.
Globalization is about what is happening to economies on a world scale.
Globalization is all about the distribution of power.
Globalization is all about wealth and profit.
Globalization is already here, but expect the trend to intensify.
Globalization is also a critical point.
Globalization is also irreversible.
Globalization is also particularly hard for France for cultural reasons.
Globalization is Americanization with two fewer syllables.
Globalization is an extraordinarily complicated trend, with good aspects as well as bad.
Globalization is an inescapable fact.
Globalization is an inevitable and objective historical process.
Globalization is an inevitable consequence of capitalism.
Globalization is an inevitable element of our lives.
Globalization is an inevitable, evolutionary force that is redefining the economic landscape.
Globalization is an irreversible fact of life in the modern world.
Globalization is an irreversible fact.
Globalization is an irreversible process.
Globalization is an objective process most of which lies external to consciousness.
Globalization is an ongoing process that presents opportunities, as well as risks and challenges.
Globalization is an overused and highly abstract phrase.
Globalization is an unavoidable fact of life.
Globalization is an uneven process.
Globalization is another reason.
Globalization is assumed to be a neutral process and conceded to be irresistible.
Globalization is at the forefront of the changes affecting the business environment.
Globalization is both a cause and a result of the modern information revolution.
Globalization is both a reality and a long-term opportunity for Africa.
Globalization is both a reality and long-term opportunity for Africa.
Globalization is both integrating and extending the core of free-market democracies.
Globalization is by no means an evil force but it is a blind one.
Globalization is central to the competitive reality of the aerospace industry.
Globalization is certain to accelerate everywhere, especially in Japan, in the near future.
Globalization is certain to come eventually if it is of genuine benefit to the whole human race.
Globalization is certainly a logical step for the development of Latin America's Internet economy.
Globalization is certainly one factor affecting how democracies work.
Globalization is characterized by integration.
Globalization is crucial to our growth, and it is a central focus at each of our businesses.
Globalization is dangerous because control of goods signifies control of workers.
Globalization is defined differently by various authors.
Globalization is driven by innovation.
Globalization is driven mainly by advances in technology.
Globalization is everywhere.
Globalization is far from a homogenizing force.
Globalization is far from complete.
Globalization is far too abstract.
Globalization is first and foremost an economic and financial process.
Globalization is for the enrichment of financiers.
Globalization is fueled by technology and high-speed telecommunications.
Globalization is fundamental in the new organizational context.
Globalization is good for Canada.
Globalization is great buzz word of our time.
Globalization is here to stay.
Globalization is here, and it's irreversible.
Globalization is here, apparently to stay.
Globalization is here.
Globalization is imperative to a company s ability to compete.
Globalization is imperialism.
Globalization is important.
Globalization is in and a welfare state is out.
Globalization is in Crisis.
Globalization is increasingly important to many employers.
Globalization is increasingly technology-dependent.
Globalization is inevitable.
Globalization is integral to discussions of sustainable development.
Globalization is irreversible but still fragile.
Globalization is just a new name for neocolonialism.
Globalization is marked by several features, many of which structure the apparel industry.
Globalization is marred with uneven access and opportunities.
Globalization is more economical than political.
Globalization is most important when distributing internationally.
Globalization is much less expensive than creating unique solutions for every locale.
Globalization is much more than the provision of services.
Globalization is neither a monolithic nor an inevitable phenomenon.
Globalization is no exception.
Globalization is no guarantee against a third one.
Globalization is no guarantee of continued democratization.
Globalization is no longer a buzzword.
Globalization is no longer a lofty idea.
Globalization is no longer a remote concept.
Globalization is no longer a theoretical terminology, it is reality.
Globalization is no longer a theory.
Globalization is no longer an option.
Globalization is nothing but imperialism with a new face and it undermines civil society.
Globalization is nothing less than the privatization of the planet.
Globalization is nothing new to science.
Globalization is nothing new.
Globalization is now a fundamental moral concern.
Globalization is now basic to our existence.
Globalization is now part of life.
Globalization is now the watchword.
Globalization is on the march.
Globalization is one of the major revolutions impacting management and organizations today.
Globalization is one of the more important characteristics of late capitalism.
Globalization is one of the most charged issues of the day.
Globalization is one source of heightened competitiveness.
Globalization is one such concept.
Globalization is only a buzz word.
Globalization is particularly important to Saudi Arabia.
Globalization is perceived as bringing unprecedented opportunities to billions of people.
Globalization is perhaps the most defining feature of our time.
Globalization is perhaps the oldest of the three trends.
Globalization is political, technological and cultural, as well as economic.
Globalization is pretty much a one-way street.
Globalization is quite tolerant in political terms.
Globalization is real.
Globalization is remarkable today, and Japan shares a major part in the world's economy.
Globalization is resisted mightily for two broad reasons.
Globalization is seen as a heartless economic process that destroys jobs and cultures.
Globalization is so out.
Globalization is something new and independent of capitalism.
Globalization is still a major concern in the world.
Globalization is such a broad term.
Globalization is synonymous with freedom and economic growth.
Globalization is the American standard.
Globalization is the catchword.
Globalization is the cornerstone of the technological revolution.
Globalization is the direction our future is heading.
Globalization is the dominant force of our time.
Globalization is the driving force.
Globalization is the greatest single feature of the twenty-first century.
Globalization is the investor's friend.
Globalization is the narcissism of a superpower in a one superpower world.
Globalization is the overarching theme of our times.
Globalization is the process by which nationality becomes increasingly irrelevant.
Globalization is the product of that process.
Globalization is the result of the neoliberal economic policy, which has triumphed on a world scale.
Globalization is the second major factor affecting local governments and changing the economy.
Globalization is the word on everyone's lips, yet regional agreements have never been so popular.
Globalization is thus a blessing to some and a curse to others.
Globalization is under pressure.
Globalization is very dramatic.
Globalization is, and has to be, driven by men and women in the street.
Globalization is, in fact, a very old process, in some sense as old as human civilization itself.
Globalization is, more simply, the system of our time.
Globalization just makes comparison shopping easier.
Globalization leads to increasing complexity and diversity.
Globalization magnifies both threats and opportunities.
Globalization makes export the only game in town and a race to the bottom the the rule.
Globalization makes markets move together more than they did before.
Globalization makes the e-commerce revolution look like a street skirmish.
Globalization makes the world interconnected in reality and in experience.
Globalization means a lot of things.
Globalization means both prosperity and dislocation at home and abroad.
Globalization means business.
Globalization means greater market reach and potential, but it also means new challenges.
Globalization means integration, inclusion, incorporation.
Globalization means that among human beings, everyone is watching.
Globalization means that marketing research is really competitiveness research.
Globalization means that more companies operate in more and more countries.
Globalization means that the disparate parts of the world are coming closer together.
Globalization means the deregulation of environmental, labour and all kinds of protections.
Globalization means the speed of free-market capitalism to virtually every country in the world.
Globalization means the spread of free-market capitalism to virtually every country in the world.
Globalization means thinking global.
Globalization needs a human face.
Globalization needs to be a positive force beneficial to all peoples of the planet.
Globalization needs to be part of a modern high school education.
Globalization never presumes that it belongs to everyone.
Globalization now favors flexibility and entrepreneurship and risk taking.
Globalization now is much more intense.
Globalization obviously effects the money supply since each country has spill-over effects.
Globalization offers enormous benefits, in the form of higher productivity and living standards.
Globalization offers great possibilities for prosperity, security and human well being.
Globalization offers opportunities for Europe's further integration.
Globalization offers unstable ground for foreign investors.
Globalization only deepens the contradictions of history, in a world increasingly out of balance.
Globalization only privatises and liberalises our dependency.
Globalization opens new opportunities to downsize and then externalize functions.
Globalization opens the way for many possibilities, both just and unjust.
Globalization operates as a homogenizing force.
Globalization operates on Internet time.
Globalization ought to win, but politically it s a hard sell.
Globalization pervades all areas of the economy.
Globalization poses a serious threat to the prosperity of Asian trade.
Globalization poses both opportunities and challenges.
Globalization poses more issues.
Globalization poses new challenges to developing countries.
Globalization poses practical challenges for which solutions are urgently required.
Globalization presents challenges for developed countries as well.
Globalization presumes that materialism refashions world politics.
Globalization promotes social equality.
Globalization provides both opportunities and challenges.
Globalization raises fundamental issues for national security strategy and forces.
Globalization really is the answer to many problems of our world today.
Globalization really means changing the way things are done at home.
Globalization reduces frictions of international capital movements.
Globalization reduces the autonomy of the nation state.
Globalization refers both to process and outcome.
Globalization refers to the growth of large corporations that operate internationally.
Globalization refers to the increasing interconnection between developments in throughout the globe.
Globalization remains a potentially powerful dynamic force for growth and development.
Globalization remains incomplete.
Globalization represents a tremendous challenge.
Globalization requires a date standard.
Globalization requires a policy concept for one world .
Globalization requires constant adaptation.
Globalization requires flexibility and innovativeness among employers and employees alike.
Globalization requires good governance.
Globalization requires the sharing of knowledge, experiences, and views.
Globalization shows clear signs of organizational, technological, and political innovation.
Globalization slices out, irrespective of territory, a grid within the world.
Globalization spurs creativity by widening the market for innovation.
Globalization stares human rights in the face.
Globalization starts right here, in our very own hearts.
Globalization still demands the division of labor.
Globalization therefore needs to be carefully managed to meet the risks inherent in the process.
Globalization therefore revives the shadow of colonialism.
Globalization threatens our sovereignty.
Globalization thus requires the application of both international and comparative law.
Globalization touches everyone in Erie.
Globalization transcends borders, social classes, religion and race.
Globalization transforms the way people think and the way they do business.
Globalization undercuts many of the most contentious points.
Globalization underscores virtually all contemporary geographies.
Globalization undoubtedly poses formidable challenges to that never-ending task.
Globalization works against recognition of the specific needs of development.
Globalization yields contradictory results.
Globalizations operates on Internet time.
Globalized companies achieve superior scale and scope economies, compared to their rivals.
Globalized economy affects American jobs.
Globalscan prices are most reasonable.
Globalstar system is designed to provide high quality satellite based telephony services.
Globe isa artifact.
Globe isa sphere.
Globes are available in glass, shatter resistant polypropylene and unbreakable polycarbonate.
Globes are balls.
Globes are either celestial or terrestrial.
Globes are located in classes.
Globes are located in classrooms.
Globes are maps.
Globes are models of the starry sphere with viewers standing on the outside.
Globes are models or small copies of the earth.
Globes are models.
Globes are particularly bad.
Globes are rounds.
Globes are spheres.
Globes are the perfect gift idea for children and adults.
Globes are three-dimensional and can accurately show the features of the earth.
Globes have (part) sections.
Globes have bronze mountings and solid walnut stands.
Globes have centres.
Globes serve multiple purposes.
Globes show higher elevations in raised relief, and both maps and globes are fully markable.
Every globe is a masterpiece requiring hundreds of hours of labor.
Most globes are hard to handle, and impossible to fit in a book bag.
Most globes are maps of the Earth .
Most globes are maps of the Earth.
Most globes are on a stand that is inclined at the proper angle.
Most globes have centres.
Some globes have owners .
Some globes have poles.
A globetrotter is an adult
Globetrotters are cosmopolitans.
Globetrotters is an entirely non-profit activity managed by volunteer officers.
Globetrotters is to be experienced .
Globetrotters meet once monthly.
Globular clusters appear to contain the oldest stars in the universe.
Globular clusters are also present, so they contain both old and young stars.
Globular clusters are also unique because they contain thousands and sometimes millions of stars.
Globular clusters are among the oldest components of our galaxy.
Globular clusters are among the oldest objects known.
Globular clusters are astronomical objects.
Globular clusters are bright and obvious, although they plainly suffer from lack of resolution.
Globular clusters are collections of hundreds of thousands of old stars.
Globular clusters are densely packed collections of ancient stars.
Globular clusters are extremely luminous objects.
Globular clusters are gold starbursts .
Globular clusters are gravitationally unstable.
Globular clusters are huge balls of stars which usually contain hundreds of thousands of stars.
Globular clusters are huge collections of up to millions of stars, packed into dense balls.
Globular clusters are ideal laboratories for studying the formation and evolution of stars.
Globular clusters are leftover relics of the early days of the formation of the Milky Way.
Globular clusters are located near galaxy.
Globular clusters are massive assemblies of stars.
Globular clusters are much older, more compact, objects existing on the edges of our galaxy.
Globular clusters are much smaller and much less massive than galaxies.
Globular clusters are old star groups that formed early in our galaxy's life, long before the Earth.
Globular clusters are older aggregates of stars, formed early in the history of galaxies.
Globular clusters are pretty cool too.
Globular clusters are spherical gatherings of tens to hundreds of thousands of stars.
Globular clusters are spherical swarms of hundreds of thousands of old stars.
Globular clusters are star clusters.
Globular clusters are stars grouped together in the shape of a ball.
Globular clusters are the old metal poor clusters that are found throughout the halo of the galaxy.
Globular clusters are the oldest easily identifiable remnants from the early evolution of galaxies.
Globular clusters are the oldest, densest, and most populous star clusters in our galaxy.
Globular clusters are thought to contain some of the oldest stars in our galaxy.
Globular clusters are tight groups of hundreds and thousands of very old stars .
Globular clusters are tight groups of hundreds and thousands of very old stars.
Globular clusters are too far away to measure their distances by parallax.
Globular clusters are very old and their stars seem to have been formed at about the same time.
Globular clusters are very old clusters, almost as old as our galaxy.
Globular clusters are very old.
Globular clusters are well known as the oldest conglomerations of stars in the Milky Way .
Globular clusters are, lets face it, big globs of stars.
Globular clusters can contain up to more than a million stars.
Globular clusters can have hundreds of stars, open clusters at most a few.
Globular clusters consist of an extremely tightly packed group of stars in a spherical ball.
Globular clusters contain almost no gas or dust and show few signs of recent star formation.
Globular clusters contain hundreds of thousands, and sometimes millions of stars.
Globular clusters contain hundreds of thousands, or even millions of stars.
Globular clusters contain no dust, no gas, and no massive main sequence stars.
Globular clusters contain only old stars.
Globular clusters contain stars which are very old.
Globular clusters contain thousands of stars and sometimes hundreds of thousands of stars.
Globular clusters contain thousands of stars, maybe up to a million.
Globular clusters encircle spiral galaxies.
Globular clusters get smaller by removing stars.
Globular clusters have no young stars and very little dust.
Globular clusters orbit most galaxies, including our Milky Way.
Globular clusters orbit the center of the galaxy.
Globular clusters orbit the center of the Milky Way in very elliptical orbits.
Globular clusters show little evidence of dark matter.
Globular clusters start to pull in to center of galaxy.
Globular clusters surround the main galaxy in the form of a halo.
All globular clusters look pretty much the same.
Many globular clusters are strong X-ray sources, perhaps from many neutron stars.
Many globular clusters resolve into myriad stars.
Globular galls occur on branches.
Globular horns are a very uncommon instrument.
Globular proteins are compact, vaguely spherical-shaped proteins.
Globular proteins are less regular with an overall roughly spherical shape.
Globular proteins are long strands of amino acids connected like beads on a string.
Globular proteins are proteins.
Globular proteins are round.
Globular proteins are soluble and are thus less obvious.
Globular proteins are water soluble and have spheroid, compact structures.
Globular proteins consist of both polar and non-polar side chains.
Globular proteins have a spherical shape.
Globular proteins have compact rounded molecules and are usually water-soluble.
Globular proteins have extensive tertiary structure.
Globular proteins have many foldings and are, therefore, rounded.
Globular proteins owe their importance to their unique tertiary structure .
Every globular protein folds to a specific conformation.
A globule is a ball
Globule is surrounded by shield cells which are eight in number.
Globule isa shape.
Globules can get into cracks and crevices, under table legs, and into and under equipment.
Globules join and in joining, join again.
A globulin is a simple protein
Globulin helps to combat infection on a normal level.
Globulin helps to protect the body from infectious diseases.
Globulin is a protein fraction.
Globulin is an insoluble in water protein that is transported in the serum.
Globulin is calculated as total protein minus albumin.
Globulin is the other major protein in the serum.
Globulin is the third most abundant protein in the human body.
Globulin measures the protein in antibodies produced by the immune system.
Globulins are in seeds and animal blood.
Globulins are insoluble in water, soluble in dilute salt solutions, and are coagulated by heat.
Globulins are one of seven classes of simple proteins.
Globulins are proteins.
Globulins are simple proteins that provide immunity against disease.
Globulins are the blood proteins that carry antibodies.
Globulins contain some proteins, or antibodies, related to the immune system.
A glochid is a spikelet
Glochids are difficult to remove from the skin.
Glochids are often difficult to see and more difficult to remove, once lodged in the skin.
Glochids are stiff, barely visible, hairs that grow in tufts on the areolae of cactus pads.
Glochids break away very easily and quickly become embedded in skin or clothing.
Glochids easily detach from the plants and embed in the skin.
Glochids stick into animal skin and membranes via cellular barbs along the glochid edges.
Glomeromycotan taxonomy is relatively young.
Glomerular damage continues, with increasing amounts of protein albumin in the urine.
Glomerular disease is the most common cause of pathologic proteinuria.
Glomerular diseases are more common than tubulointerstitial diseases.
Glomerular filtration is a significant mode of renal elimination.
Glomerular hypertension reduces membrane charge selectivity in fawn-hooded rats.
Glomerular inflammation induces resistance to tubular injury in the rat.
Glomerular macrophages produce reactive oxygen species in experimental glomerulonephritis.
Glomerulus isa body part.
Glomeruluses are part of nephrons.
Glomeruluses have (part) corpi.
Most glomeruli are replaced by fibrous tissue.
Most glomeruluses are part of nephrons.
Gloom can never be a real excuse for moral cowardice.
Gloom can produce other things than pathos.
Gloom falls over the city of Baghdad.
Gloom is an emotional state, just as mirth is, or joyousness.
Gloom is apprehension.
Gloom is atmospheres.
Gloom is darkness
Gloom isa darkness.
Gloom now supports pseudo-fog.
Gloom seems to be completely stable now.
Gloom submerges everything in the diabolic darkness of the dance of death.
Gloom thickens as stock slide shows signs of economic recession.
Gloomy accounts come from the south as to the effect of the late rains.
Gloomy days pass.
Gloomy fans watch the final minutes.
Gloomy scale is a common and serious pest of silver maple and red maple.
Gloomy scales are armored scales.
Gloomy weather can also cause a dramatic fall in libido, psychologists say.
Gloomy weather is a great excuse to hole up and enjoy the pleasures of hearth and home.
Glorification appears in the last two chapters.
Glorification comes at the end, a natural place, since it is part of the consummation.
Glorification includes the resurrection of the body to perfect holiness and redemption.
Glorification is adoration.
Glorification is appreciation
Glorification is co-extensive with justification.
Glorification is out of place.
Glorification is the culmination and the completion of the plan.
Glorification is when a person has been perfected in love.
Glorified law clerks at best.
Glorified men are holy and stable.
Glorious angels descend, playing harps and singing gently.
Glorious answers appear out of the blue.
Glorious colours burst from a profusion of gardens and streets lined with flowering trees.
Every glorious creation is seen afresh And brings joy because it exists.
Glorious death awaits the serene and patient warrior.
Glorious food is served night and day.
Glorious homes feature interesting and diverse architecture.
Glorious isolation is an option.
Glorious summer brings warm days for outdoor fun and cool nights for enjoying the hours after dark.
Glorious things are to be revealed.
A glory hole is a locker
Glory holes are openings cut in bathroom stalls for anonymous sex, oral or anal.
A glory lily is a poisonous plant
Glory lilies sprout from odd, finger-shaped white tubers.
Glories can climb anything.
Glory appears as color rings around the shadow of the aircraft.
Glory be . . .
Glory Be . . .
Glory Be is a catchy anthem with a Caribbean vibe.
Glory be to all the other holy beings.
Glory be to everyone.
Glory be to gaudy.
Glory be to the father and to the sonne and to the holy gost.
Glory be to the father, and to the sonne, and to the holy goste.
Glory be to the father, and to the sonne, and to the holye ghost.
Glory be to the First Amendment.
Glory be to the Highest.
Glory be to the One who crowned thee.
Glory be to the One who strengthened thee.
Glory be to the One who through thee accomplishes healings.
Glory be to thee for ever and ever.
Glory be to thee forever.
Glory be to thee, who alone lovest mankind.
Glory be to thee, world without end .
Glory be to thy glory.
Glory be unto thee, thou manifested flesh.
Glory be unto thee, thou primal mystery.
Glory be, and pass the caviar.
Glory be, etc.
Glory be, Ireland is prosperous.
Glory be. . .
Glory belong Storm like either cellar above either wheel.
Glory can only take place with an audience.
Glory comes from victories in battle and from the material magnificence of the monarch's court.
Glory comes through and even especially IN the midst of suffering.
Glory comes to soccer players and businesses alike when they distinguish themselves.
Glory falls to the arrogant, who abrogate all the dignity to themselves.
Glory Goes and Gets Some .
Glory implies war.
Glory is a recognition of true worth the clarity in which all reality is seen as it really is.
Glory is a shopping mall with hundreds of stores filled with the latest merchandise.
Glory is a story that nobody knew.
Glory is a very different film.
Glory is also explosive.
Glory is an even more interesting character.
Glory is an incomprehension, and perhaps the worst.
Glory is an incremental degree of reward.
Glory is at hand.
Glory is beauty.
Glory is brightness, light, splendor.
Glory is companies.
Glory is filled with tension, excitement and, often, frustration.
Glory is forever.
Glory Is Forever.
Glory is found in the most common places among the most common people.
Glory is given because of love.
Glory is honor
Glory is honor.
Glory is humbled.
Glory is in serving, in loving, in helping the afflicted and oppressed.
Glory is inner value.
Glory is largely a theatrical concept.
Glory is like a circle in the water.
Glory is our best hope.
Glory is part of war.
Glory is praise for achieving revenge on awrongful act.
Glory is tall and elegant with a beautiful chiseled head.
Glory is the excellence of anything in display.
Glory is the future consummation of that kingdom .
Glory is the key word here.
Glory is ultimate end of believers' pilgrimage.
Glory is wealth and power and excess.
Glory is when an special aspect or characteristic of a person is manifested.
Glory is when good things happen.
Glory lasts forever.
Glory lies in the dust.
Glory lights the soldier's tomb.
Glory means much more than just brightness or splendor, or honour or magnificence.
Glory rips off the cover.
Glory sets out to find the villain.
Glory shines forth.
Glory stop Storm above either cellar down either wheel.
Glory stops traffic.
Glory takes many forms.
Glory tells the true story of the first regiment of black soldiers to see battle.
Glory then is sought for the sake of honour.
All glory comes from daring to begin.
All glory comes from daring to reign.
All glory is tarnished.
Every glory has a price to pay.
Some glories are more vigorous than others.
Gloss coatings allow very little ink absorption and offer excellent color definition and contrast.
Gloss coatings allow very little ink absorption, providing excellent color definition and contrast.
Gloss paint is the recommended type.
Gloss paints provide maximum protection with their glossy finish.
Gloss paper labels Coated paper and plastic labels and tags.
Gloss is an appearance
Gloss is explanations.
Glosses appear alongside the middle-english text.
Glosses appear alongside the text.
Glosses appear in single quotation marks.
Glosses are inconsistent and frequently ambiguous or misleading.
Glosses work well on hair that's been relaxed.
A glossary is a reference
Glossaries allow a large amount of structured information to be added to any tag in an XML document.
Glossaries are also available to translate thousands of gourmet terms.
Glossaries are at the end.
Glossaries are dictionaries or lists of specialized words.
Glossaries are guides to diction.
Glossaries are in alphabetical order.
Glossaries are more difficult to use if they are placed at the end of a book or booklet.
Glossaries are reference work.
Glossaries are useful for finding alternative words.
Glossaries Check the meaning of aegis in English.
Glossaries consist of key terminology, student-developed definitions, examples, and illustrations.
Glossaries contain definition.
Glossaries contain many cross-references.
Glossaries explain antiquated usage, poetic references, and stage directions.
Glossaries generally provide a much more detailed explanation of the term in question.
Glossaries give very brief definitions with no pronunciation.
Glossaries have (part) artwork.
Glossaries have (part) cartoons.
Glossaries have (part) chapters.
Glossaries have (part) items.
Glossaries have (part) page numbers.
Glossaries have (part) paragraphs.
Glossaries have (part) sections.
Glossaries have (part) word order.
Glossaries manage the links.
Glossaries provide a link to valuable information or definitions based on an alphabetized list.
Glossaries provide excellent support for collaboration.
Glossaries provide ready reference for place names, proper names, and archaic terms.
Glossary isa book.
Most glossaries contain definition.
Glossiphoniid leeches are both ecologically and economically important.
A glossolalia is pathology
Glossolalia is known to all the religions.
Glossolalia is practiced by people in many cultures and religions.
Glossolalia promotes artistic communication and collaboration.
Glossolalias are pathology.
Glossy areas indicate too much resin.
Glossy box looks awesome.
Glossy brochures aimed at foreign investors tout the area's attractions.
Glossy coating receives ink well yielding very sharp images.
Glossy color indicates tenderness.
Glossy cover has dulled a little, pages have some thumb creases, nothing too bad though.
Glossy covers are a bit rubbed.
Glossy dice are too slick to stack reliably.
Glossy ethics is no substitute for the real thing.
Glossy figures are no longer necessary.
Glossy finish is preferred.
Glossy foliage turns glowing scarlet in the fall.
Glossy foliage varies somewhat in size and texture depending on variety.
Glossy goats teeter on rocks or skitter across the road with startled ears and wagging tails.
Glossy leaves are heavily textured and broad, covering a fairly compact, spreading plant.
Glossy leaves form a compact broad plant.
Glossy leaves have purple marks, pinkish spring flowers.
Glossy leaves remain green late in season, then turn red in fall.
Glossy leaves varies somewhat in size and texture depending on variety.
Some glossy leaves have attractive sheen.
Some glossy leaves have bronze sheen.
Glossy lipstick contain more oil to give a shiny finish to the lips.
Glossy magazines employ 'celebrity wranglers' whose only job is to liaise with publicists.
Most glossy magazines discuss around product negatives.
Some glossy monthlies have a five-month lead time.
Glossy paint contains more of the resins that give a paint body and hardness.
Glossy paint has a suspension medium that forms a smooth surface, producing specular reflection.
Glossy paint looks best for parts like boots and belts or visors.
Glossy paints are higher in VOCs than flat paints.
Glossy paints are more saturated than matte, except when reflecting light toward the viewer.
Glossy paints have less pigment than flat paints and are less porous.
Glossy paper can be difficult to read for people with sight problems as it reflects too much light.
Glossy paper has a glare that can be difficult to see by people with impaired vision.
Glossy paper is available as well as standard paper.
Glossy paper is more expensive and harder to read because of glossy glare.
Glossy paper makes it moisture-resistant.
Glossy paper works best for brightest colors.
Glossy papers are all coated papers.
Glossy papers are available.
Glossy photos reproduce with the best quality.
Glossy photos work well.
Glossy photographs are also acceptable.
Glossy photographs are preferred.
Glossy pictures are available on request as of today.
Glossy prints are on high grade photo paper, canvas prints are on fine coated canvas.
Glossy prints are possible with inexpensive desktop printers and special paper.
Glossy prints are preferred.
Glossy privet has large clusters of white flowers, followed by many purple-blue berries.
Glossy privet is a plant.
Glossy privet is used in shrub borders or as a hedge.
Glossy privet makes a fine lawn tree and is excellent as a tall screen or windbreak.
Some glossy privets have flowers.
A glossy snake is a colubrid
Glossy snakes are most common in arid regions.
Glossy stock is no longer the exception, it is the rule.
Glossy stock seems to be the magazine consumer's preference over non-coated covers.
Glossy surfaces can give both specular and diffuse reflection.
Glossy wood is all around the boat, which is just about as luxurious as any boat can be.
Glossy woodgrain cuts a wide swath across the dashboard and dips to sheath a massive center console.
A glossy is a magazine
Glossies are more expensive.
Glossies are pictures.
Glossies are unacceptable.
Glossies get most of their income from advertising.
Glossies hang on bulletin boards and doors throughout our building.
Glottal area waveform analysis of benign vocal fold lesions before and after surgery.
Glottal resistance is the ratio of glottal flow to the pressure driving the flow.
Glottic closure is compromised.
Glottic closure is incomplete.
Glottic tumors present early because voice changes occur early.
Gloucestershire isa thing.
GLOV officials claim that the figures probably represent only a portion of actual attacks.
Glove boxes allow the user to remain completely separated from their work.
Glove boxes are color-coded by size, for convenience.
Some glove compartments are part of ambulances.
Some glove compartments are part of automobiles.
Some glove compartments are part of autos.
Some glove compartments are part of cars.
Some glove compartments are part of taxis.
Most glove manufacturers have chemical compatibility charts available for their gloves.
Some glove manufacturers can custom-design gloves to meet particular needs.
All glove materials are permeable to some extent.
Some glove materials are more resistant to certain chemicals than others.
Some glove materials are more resistant to specific chemicals than others.
Most glove styles are available for sampling.
A glove is baseball equipment
Glove depend at some girl consequently drunk Decorative artist.
Glove depend at some girl consequently drunk eye masks.
Glove discuss beyond either glass yet choose snowmobile and arctic cats.
Glove discuss beyond either glass yet choose snowmobile sale.
Glove discuss beyond either glass yet choose used snowmobile ontario.
Glove isa clothes.
Glove isa clothing.
Glove making is and art that requires time, devotion and skill.
Glove swing around several struggle either observe racquetball string.
Gloves add elegance for a formal gown.
Gloves afford hand protection against nerve and blister agent liquids and gases.
Gloves allow maximum dexterity, sensitive touch and excellent resiliency.
Gloves also bunch up, pinch skin, cause hot hands and can be a tug of war getting on and off.
Gloves also have a variety of finishes and linings.
Gloves also help keep the work clean.
Gloves also help reduce the effects of limb vibration as limbs are fed into the chute.
Gloves also help with traction.
Gloves appear in repetition after repetition.
Gloves are a big expense.
Gloves are a crucial part of the space suit.
Gloves are a form of personal protective equipment.
Gloves are a good idea as well.
Gloves are a good idea too.
Gloves are a great year-round accent and look particularly elegant in elbow length.
Gloves are a perennially undervalued gardening tool.
Gloves are a remarkable improvement in hand protection.
Gloves are a safeguard against cuts, scratches, splinters, and rope burns.
Gloves are a very personal matter and the choices are many.
Gloves are about as sexy as socks.
Gloves are accessories.
Gloves are advisable.
Gloves are also a good practice for handling dead rodents.
Gloves are also advisable.
Gloves are also available in other materials.
Gloves are also available individually in custom sizes and colors.
Gloves are also available.
Gloves are also good for giving a grip, particularly when they have a ribbed surface.
Gloves are also good protection during falls.
Gloves are also important.
Gloves are also very useful.
Gloves are always a compromise.
Gloves are an item of attire for surgeons.
Gloves are another item that can be tailored to suit the weather.
Gloves are available at military base stores.
Gloves are available for wholesale and retail use.
Gloves are available from staff.
Gloves are available in a range of materials, including unique blends.
Gloves are available in most pharmacies.
Gloves are available in small, medium, large, and extra-large sizes.
Gloves are bands.
Gloves are better for precise ski pole control.
Gloves are bigger, fields are perfect, balls are perfect.
Gloves are capable of fits.
Gloves are color coded by size for easy identification.
Gloves are currently very popular and reflect a return to elegance.
Gloves are easier to use than the tab, but the tab is definitely cheaper.
Gloves are easily reversible, thus significantly reducing inventory carrying costs.
Gloves are either long or wrist high.
Gloves are essential when working with hazardous substances.
Gloves are essential.
Gloves are extremely specialized today.
Gloves are generally old and worn.
Gloves are handy if the cables are used.
Gloves are hemmed, washable, reusable.
Gloves are highly recommended.
Gloves are important as well and range from cotton to polypro to gortex.
Gloves are just as easily contaminated as bare hands.
Gloves are located in cabinets.
Gloves are located in suitcases.
Gloves are made of many different fabrics and materials, and gloves are used in many ways.
Gloves are made of rubber, nitrile, polyurethane, or neoprene.
Gloves are more important than anything else.
Gloves are necessary for protecting hands as well as the cave.
Gloves are necessary to prevent chafed hands.
Gloves are necessary when first learning.
Gloves are necessary.
Gloves are never a substitute for safe work practices or proper engineering controls.
Gloves are nice, at first.
Gloves are nice.
Gloves are notorious for wearing out quickly - pay attention to the fingers.
Gloves are notoriously variable in the amount of free latex.
Gloves are nowhere to be found.
Gloves are off.
Gloves are only one element of protection .
Gloves are only one type of protective equipment.
Gloves are optional and are usually worn during cold weather only.
Gloves are optional, but always a good idea.
Gloves are optional.
Gloves are our ONLY product.
Gloves are removed at a luncheon or dinner.
Gloves are required for handling the plants.
Gloves are still part of every polite girl's wardrobe.
Gloves are the best preventive medicine.
Gloves are the ideal accessory for bridesmaid dresses .
Gloves are the perfect, and most often worn evening accessory.
Gloves are to be changed between patients.
Gloves are to be worn when cleaning the rooms.
Gloves are to be worn when handling and playing the handbells.
Gloves are to be worn when handling infectious waste bags.
Gloves are tough but have a supple feel.
Gloves are useful, as are tightly woven, long-sleeved shirts and long pants.
Gloves are useful.
Gloves are white, and shoes of light blue to match the cloak.
Gloves are worn for any patient contact or any time skin contact with test agents is unavoidable.
Gloves are worn in sports, the most common reason being for extra grip for the competitors hands.
Gloves are yellow cotton with green latex palm.
Gloves attach to the top to seal the arms.
Gloves basically come in three styles and two constructions.
Gloves can also help reduce risk of infection from bio-hazardous materials.
Gloves can also help.
Gloves can also reduce soreness to the hands and wrists on long rides.
Gloves can be helpful for comfort.
Gloves can be very nice item as the wind whips across the bay.
Gloves can deteriorate rapidly under heavy use, often lasting a single season or less.
Gloves can have microscopic holes, tears or other imperfections.
Gloves can have microscopic holes, tears, or other imperfections.
Gloves can prevent cuts, infections and burns.
Gloves can prevent cuts, infections, and burns.
Gloves can protect the hands.
Gloves can provide extra protection against splinters and freshly treated wet wood.
Gloves can provide warmth and also a better grip on the handle bars.
Gloves can puncture during use, and some dental materials increase glove porosity.
Gloves can spread germs just as easily as bare hands.
Gloves come in and they're gone.
Gloves come in different styles depending on their use.
Gloves come in many shapes and sizes, from motorcycle gloves to gardening mitts.
Gloves come in short or long finger style and in various thicknesses according to season.
Gloves come in various styles and lengths.
Gloves come off.
Gloves come standard with adjustable velcro wrist strap.
Gloves contain one layer of nomex and one layer of kevlar.
Gloves containing cornstarch or other fine particles can fasten themselves to the proteins.
Gloves convey a dangerous sense of security.
Gloves cover hands.
Gloves create a barrier between the photograph and the oils and acids often found on the hands.
Gloves drift in and out of style for weddings.
Gloves enable the modern motorcyclist to have warm hands with more freedom than in years gone by.
Gloves encourage people to handle coral and other marine organisms.
Gloves even hide an individual's hands.
Gloves fit either hand and feature roll cuff protection at wrist.
Gloves get in the way of picking, so plan to be thoroughly scratched and ripped.
Gloves give some protection, although they can be easily pierced by large fangs.
Gloves go in the wing pockets.
Gloves have (part) sections.
Gloves have a protective beaded cuff and fit either hand.
Gloves have different size.
Gloves have no resident bacteria, only transient bacteria.
Gloves have no ridges or crevices in which the bacteria can hide.
Gloves have white markings to help judges record blows.
Gloves help prevent chemicals from being absorbed through the skin.
Gloves help prevent pesticide from being absorbed by the skin.
Gloves help to insulate against possible shock.
Gloves help to protect the artifacts from that kind of damage.
Gloves help too.
Gloves help, of course.
Gloves keep the hands from blistering.
Gloves Learn about different kinds of gloves and when to use which kind.
Gloves look cool, but mittens are warm.
Gloves made of nitrile can handle oil based lubricants.
Gloves made of nitrile rubber offer good protection against a wide range of pesticides.
Gloves made of polyurethane are nonallergenic and reportedly stronger than latex.
Gloves make a big difference.
Gloves Measure the circumference of the fullest part of the palm, excluding the thumb.
Gloves never go with long sleeve gowns.
Gloves offer different levels of protection.
Gloves only complicate the hand wash problem and make the process more time consuming.
Gloves play an important role in sport.
Gloves prevent any possible disease transmission through open cuts or abrasions.
Gloves prevent cross movement of pesticide between the application site and the hands.
Gloves produce a significant drop in grip strength.
Gloves protect hands from harsh household cleaners.
Gloves protect the hands from hazardous chemicals, sharp items, and blisters.
Gloves protect the hands when contact with wastewater or highly contaminated surfaces is likely.
Gloves provide a barrier between infectious agents and the skin.
Gloves provide a better grip on tools and prevent cuts and scrapes from sharp branches.
Gloves provide a protective barrier between the substances being handled in the lab and the skin.
Gloves provide a temporary layer of protection and are permeable to some substances.
Gloves provide a temporary layer of protection.
Gloves provide easier holding of lines and help prevent chafe.
Gloves provide only a temporary layer of protection and are permeable to some substances.
Gloves provide only a temporary layer of protection.
Gloves reduce both strength and dexterity.
Gloves Remember that gloves are short-term protection.
Gloves smack like gunfire with every catch, no matter how routine.
Gloves stretch to fit any size, left or right.
Gloves therefore have the same property as the hands on which they are placed.
Gloves Using white cotton gloves is an essential aspect of artifact preservation.
Gloves Wear appropriate chemical resistant gloves.
Gloves worn to protect against chemicals also require care in use and maintenance.
Gloves Always check manufacturer's instructions.
All gloves are ambidextrous and made with a rolled cuff for extra strength and comfort.
All gloves are disposable and single-use.
All gloves are double-stitched to ensure maximum strength and long life.
All gloves are heavy rubber and mated to cuff rings with clamps.
All gloves are off here.
All gloves are permeable.
All gloves come equipped with a belt mounted flow regulator and air line quick connect.
All gloves come in various camo patterns.
All gloves provide some protection, though often very little.
All gloves wear out after a period of time.
Every glove is permeable to a chemical.
Every glove made today is a trapper.
Most gloves add bulk and can actually increase the amount of force necessary to do a task.
Most gloves cover hands.
Most gloves only come in sizes small, medium, and large.
Some gloves are broad at the palms while some are narrow.
Some gloves are even sewn inside-out so the seams are on the outside.
Some gloves are made of leathers.
Some gloves are protective against certain chemicals, while others are almost useless.
Some gloves are textured to increase gripping ability without reducing sensitivity.
Some gloves come with slicker brushes on the opposite side.
Some gloves even have padding or extra leather around the thumb.
Some gloves provide better protection.
Some gloves provide protection.
Gloved divers tend to hand walk their way along a reef.
Gloved fingers are probably the best thing for mushing all the wet cloth into final shape.
Gloved hands leave no fingerprints.
More gloved hands reach in to receive the babies.
Gloved women grab defective chips.
Glow engines are very similar in operation to model aircraft engines.
Glow gases produce emissions.
Glow sticks are also popular and come in lots of different glowing colors.
Glow sticks are cool.
Glow is light
Glow works easily for spheres.
Glows are very easy to simulate.
A glower is a stare
Glower is of somewhat obscure etymology .
A glowworm is a lightning bug
Glowworm is the name commonly assigned to the larvae of fireflies or light ningbugs.
Glowworms are fireflies.
Glowworms are part of the few native insects to the area that light up.
Glowworms are realtives of fireflies and use the same chemistry for the light emiting reaction.
Glowworms are the larvae of some species.
A gloxinia is a houseplant
Gloxinias are available most of the year in most regions.
Gloxinias are houseplants.
Gloxinias are susceptible to crown rot which is often caused by wet, soggy soil.
Gloxinias prefer bright light as opposed to direct sunlight.
A glucagon is a hormone
Glucagon elevates blood glucose levels by promoting glycogen breakdown.
Glucagon increases blood glucose concentration partly by breaking down glycogen in the liver.
Glucagon isa hormone.
Glucagon regulates blood sugar levels.
Glucagon stimulates A. lipolysis in adipocytes.
Glucagon stimulates the activity of the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex.
Glucagon stimulates the liver to produce more glucose.
Glucagon stimulates the liver to release glucose.
Glucagon stimulates the use of fat for energy.
Glucagon works intravenously, subcutaneously and intramuscularly.
Glucagons are another hormone that stimulates the liver to produce insulin.
Glucagons are hormones.
Glucagons are proteins.
Glucagons have effects.
Glucagons have opposite effects.
Glucagons stimulate livers.
Most glucagons have effects.
Most glucagons have opposite effects.
Most glucagons stimulate livers.
Some glucagons stimulate excretion.
A glucocorticoid is a corticosteroid
A glucocorticoid is a hormone
Glucocorticoids act on mast cells by slowing the synthesis of histamines.
Glucocorticoids affect almost every organ and tissue in the body.
Glucocorticoids affect calcium and bone metabolism in many ways.
Glucocorticoids affect metabolism and have anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive effects.
Glucocorticoids affect weight, growth, and development.
Glucocorticoids also inhibit collagenase activity, but side effects preclude long-term use.
Glucocorticoids also modulate the growth, reproductive and thyroid axes.
Glucocorticoids also reduce the body's inflammatory response.
Glucocorticoids are a wonderful and complex class of medicines.
Glucocorticoids are also potent catabolic hormones, and regulate both sugar and fat metabolism.
Glucocorticoids are also widely used clinically for the treatment of a variety of immune disorders.
Glucocorticoids are another group of hormones that are produced by the adrenal glands.
Glucocorticoids are available as inhalers, creams, ointments, pills and injections.
Glucocorticoids are corticosteroids.
Glucocorticoids are essential to life.
Glucocorticoids are hormones that aid in carbohydrate processing.
Glucocorticoids are hormones.
Glucocorticoids are known to accelerate cancer growth.
Glucocorticoids are one of the prime inducers of apoptosis among cells of the immune system.
Glucocorticoids are produced by the middle cortex.
Glucocorticoids are safe if used correctly.
Glucocorticoids are steroid hormones in the same class as estrogen, progesterone and testosterone.
Glucocorticoids are the adrenal born hormones which activate the glucocorticoid receptor.
Glucocorticoids are the physiological messengers sent by a broken heart.
Glucocorticoids attenuate taste aversions produced by toxins.
Glucocorticoids belong to the same family of steroid hormones as estrogen and testosterone.
Glucocorticoids block both airway responses and cysteinyl-leukotriene synthesis.
Glucocorticoids can also produce substantial but short-lived remissions.
Glucocorticoids cause calciuresis and decrease the intestinal absorption of calcium.
Glucocorticoids cause numerous side effects.
Glucocorticoids cause profound and varied metabolic effects.
Glucocorticoids cause varied metabolic effects.
Glucocorticoids differentially affect the physiology of the amygdala and hippocampus.
Glucocorticoids enhance histamine-evoked catecholamine secretion from bovine chromaffin cells.
Glucocorticoids enhance oxidative stress-induced cell death of hippocampal neurones in vitro .
Glucocorticoids exert a suppressive effect on bone formation.
Glucocorticoids exert both direct and indirect effects on bone.
Glucocorticoids exert both permissive and suppressive actions to protect the body against stress.
Glucocorticoids have a direct effect through their action on osteoblasts and osteoclasts.
Glucocorticoids have anti-inflammatory activity.
Glucocorticoids have anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive effects and reduce joint erosion.
Glucocorticoids have anti-inflammatory properties and cause profound and varied metabolic effects.
Glucocorticoids have pleiotropic effects on small intestinal crypt cells.
Glucocorticoids increase fatty-acid synthase mrna stability in fetal rat lung.
Glucocorticoids induce cell death in lymphoid cells.
Glucocorticoids inhibit apoptosis in human neutrophils.
Glucocorticoids inhibit apoptosis of human neutrophils.
Glucocorticoids inhibit both the early and late stages of inflammation.
Glucocorticoids inhibit growth of embryonic rat heart developing without hemodynamic load.
Glucocorticoids inhibit keratinocyte growth factor production in primary dermal fibroblasts.
Glucocorticoids inhibit the induction of nitric oxide synthase in macrophages.
Glucocorticoids interact with innervation to control growth of fetal hearts in oculo.
Glucocorticoids maintain glucose availability.
Glucocorticoids oppose translational control by leucine in skeletal muscle.
Glucocorticoids play a complex regulating role in the maintenance of tight junctions.
Glucocorticoids potentiate central actions of angiotensin to increase arterial pressure.
Glucocorticoids prepare the body's energy stores and immune responses for defence.
Glucocorticoids promote protein catabolism during times of stress.
Glucocorticoids promote somatostatin secretion in the anterior pituitary.
Glucocorticoids reduce inflammation in the lungs.
Glucocorticoids regulate glutamine synthetase expression in lung epithelial cells.
Glucocorticoids regulate protein, carbohydrate and fat metabolism.
Glucocorticoids regulate the expression of the human osteoblastic endothelin A receptor gene.
Glucocorticoids stimulate amino acid degradation in liver which yields fumarate and acetoacetate.
Glucocorticoids then mediate the body's adaptive response to stress.
Most glucocorticoids appear to be readily absorbed when administered orally.
Gluconic acid is a metabolite of glucose.
Glucosamine complex helps promote the synovial fluid that lubricates the joints.
Glucosamine hydrochloride is a researched and tested form of glucosamine, derived from crab shells.
Glucosamine hydrochloride is the offense.
Glucosamine sulfate is a basic building block of cartilage.
Glucosamine sulfate is a component of normal human cartilage.
Glucosamine sulfate is a glucosamine molecule attached to a sulfur molecule.
Glucosamine sulfate is a small molecule that our body can absorb and use readily.
Glucosamine sulfate is absorbed quickly and easily.
Glucosamine sulfate is almost devoid of toxicity, and is suitable for long-term use.
Glucosamine sulfate is an amino acid sugar composed of the amino acid glutamine and glucose.
Glucosamine sulfate is an amino sugar synthesized in our bodies from glucose.
Glucosamine sulfate is isolated from shellfish chitin and converted to glucosamine sulfate.
Glucosamine sulfate is needed by our connective tissue.
Glucosamine sulfate is the preferred form of supplemental glucosamine.
Glucosamine sulfate plays a role in wound healing.
Glucosamine sulfate provides significant benefits for both the structure and function of joints.
Glucosamine sulfate reduces symptoms of osteoarthritis.
Glucosamine sulfate relieves joint pain by assisting in the production of cartilage.
Glucosamine sulphate is an amino sugar.
Glucosamine sulphate is the basic building block of connective tissues and fluids.
A glucosamine is an amino group
A glucosamine is glucose
Glucosamine comes from chitin that is the covering of shellfish or insects.
Glucosamine comes in both the sulfate and the HCl form.
Glucosamine helps bind water in the body's cartilage matrixes.
Glucosamine helps bind water in the cartilage matrix, and is key to normal cartilage metabolism.
Glucosamine helps bind water in the cartilage matrix.
Glucosamine helps create new cartilage, while chondroitin slows cartilage destruction.
Glucosamine helps to assist repair of cartilage which has been worn away by arthritis.
Glucosamine helps to form the proteoglycans found in the gelatinous ground substance of cartilage. .
Glucosamine helps to maintain structural integrity of joints and connective tissue.
Glucosamine helps to maintain structural integrity of joints and connective tissues.
Glucosamine rebuilds joint cartilage and improves joint flexibility.
Glucosamine stimulates the production of collagen.
Glucosamine stimulates the production of joint cartilage and provides the raw material to make it.
Glucosamines are beneficial in developing and maintaining healthy joints.
Glucosamines are chemical compounds.
Glucosamines are dietary supplements.
Glucosamines are glucose.
Glucosamines are sugar.
Glucosaminic acid is added to the sample as the internal standard.
Some glucose blood passes through pancreases.
Glucose consumption depends on capacity.
Glucose consumption depends on transport capacity.
Most glucose consumption depends on capacity.
Most glucose consumption depends on transport capacity.
Glucose homeostasis is affected variably with both improved and worse control.
Glucose intolerance is a predictor for diabetes.
Glucose levels decline without insulin with exercise which pulls sugar from the body.
Glucose levels rise immediately after consuming sweet treats.
Glucose levels rise in blood, but cell are unable to access it as fuel.
Glucose levels rise in blood, but cells are unable to access it as fuel.
Glucose levels rise, and a diagnosis of diabetes can be made.
Glucose levels rise.
Glucose levels tend to rise with age, apparently caused by unhealthy diet and sedentary lifestyle.
Some glucose levels lead to diseases.
Glucose metabolism is an example.
Glucose metabolism relates to how cells use or store glucose.
Glucose monitor begins clinical trials.
Most glucose monitors rely on bacterial enzymes, which can break down in hot environments.
Glucose oxidase catalyzes the oxidation of glucose by oxygen according to the following equation.
Glucose oxidase has application in oxidation reactions.
Glucose solution can be unpalatably sweet.
Glucose tablets are a good idea, because there are also few chances to eat.
Glucose tablets are very convenient.
Glucose tolerance decreases gradually with age.
Some glucose tolerance has diabetes.
Glucose transporters appear on the cell surfaces and let the glucose in.
Glucose transporters permit the entry of glucose into the cell.
Glucose acts as a reducing agent and oxygen acts as an oxidizing agent.
Glucose attaches itself to hemoglobin, the protein in red blood cells that carries oxygen.
Glucose becomes starches.
Glucose combines with oxygen.
Glucose continues as an important energy source throughout the experimental period.
Glucose converts into starches.
Glucose diffuses out of the blood vessels to the muscle cells.
Glucose diffuses to the bundle sheath along the vein c.
Glucose dissolves in water.
Glucose enters bloodstreams.
Glucose enters body cells with the help of insulin.
Glucose enters muscle cells by a carrier-mediated mechanism.
Glucose exits epithelial cell into the circulatory system via passive mediated symport iv.
Glucose fuels the cell and allows it to produce other substances such as starches and carbohydrates.
Glucose generates energy.
Glucose has (part) atoms.
Glucose has (part) chemical chain.
Glucose has (part) chemical groups.
Glucose has atoms.
Glucose has carbon atoms.
Glucose has little taxonomic values.
Glucose has taxonomic values.
Glucose has values.
Glucose is a hexose
Glucose is chemical compounds.
Glucose is incorporated into glycogen.
Glucose is incorporated into liver glycogen.
Glucose is monosaccharides.
Glucose is produced by photosynthesis.
Glucose is produced by plants.
Glucose is sugar.
Glucose is synthesized from proteins.
Glucose isa monosaccharide.
Glucose leaves liver and enters blood stream.
Glucose passes freely across the blood-brain barrier.
Glucose passes into bloodstreams.
Glucose provides energy.
Glucose reacts with oxygen to produce water and carbon dioxide.
Glucose releases energy.
Glucose releases into bloodstreams.
Glucose stimulates the pancreas to secrete insulin through negative feedback.
Glucose stimulates transcription of fatty acid synthase and malic enzyme in avian hepatocytes.
Glucose supplies energy.
Glucose travels from the blood to the cells through the interstitial fluid.
All glucose is dietary so liver can generate energy required to store excess.
More glucose is needed, and free glucose in the blood is the next immediate source.
More glucose is released into the blood.
More glucose is required for fuel and fat utilization is impaired.
More glucose makes the pancreas dump more insulin.
Most glucose becomes starches.
Most glucose enters bloodstreams.
Most glucose generates energy.
Most glucose has atoms.
Most glucose has carbon atoms.
Most glucose has little taxonomic values.
Most glucose has taxonomic values.
Most glucose has values.
Most glucose is incorporated into glycogen.
Most glucose is incorporated into liver glycogen.
Most glucose is produced by photosynthesis.
Most glucose is produced by plants.
Most glucose is reabsorbed in the One answer only.
Most glucose is stored as glycogen in the liver and muscles.
Most glucose is synthesized from proteins.
Most glucose passes into bloodstreams.
Most glucose provides energy.
Some glucose appears in urine.
Some glucose builds up in blood.
Some glucose causes problems.
Some glucose contains fluid.
Some glucose derives from photosynthesis.
Some glucose enhances development.
Some glucose enhances performance.
Some glucose enhances spermatocyte development.
Some glucose enters capillaries.
Some glucose enters urine.
Some glucose has chemical energy.
Some glucose has energy.
Some glucose has indexes.
Some glucose improves quality.
Some glucose improves survival.
Some glucose is carried into the liver and stored there in the form of glycogen.
Some glucose is converted to galactose.
Some glucose is converted to glycogen and stored by the liver for later use.
Some glucose is formed by photosynthesis.
Some glucose is lost via the kidney.
Some glucose is used by the cells but some is also converted to and stored in the form of glycogen .
Some glucose is used by the cells but some is also converted to and stored in the form of glycogen.
Some glucose leads to diseases.
Some glucose leads to hunger.
Some glucose mixes with yeast.
Some glucose passes through walls.
Some glucose produces during photosynthesis.
Some glucose produces in photosynthesis.
Some glucose uses for fermentation.
Glucuronic acid is biosynthesized from glutamic acid.
Glue boards are a cheap and popular way to get rid of rodents, insects, and sometimes snakes.
Glue boards are a good way to trap scorpions in the home.
Glue boards are a safer alternative to snap traps when kids and pets are present.
Glue boards are also effective for trapping woodrats.
Glue boards are also very effective.
Glue boards are alternatives to traps.
Glue boards are another alternative.
Glue boards are better suited for mice and safe for children and pets.
Glue boards are inhumane.
Glue boards involve the use of a non-toxic sticky substance on heavy squares of cardboard.
Glue boards lose their effectiveness in dusty areas unless covered.
Glue guns cause lots of crafters' injuries.
Glue seed pearls down the center of each leaf.
Glue sticks work well to position the wrapper.
Glue creates bonds.
Glue faces onto pumpkin shapes.
Glue hardens when there is a loss of water from the formula.
Glue is adhesive.
Glue is capable of dries.
Glue is capable of sets.
Glue is cement
Glue is cement.
Glue is located in bottles.
Glue is located in cabinets.
Glue is located in classrooms.
Glue is located in closed containers.
Glue is located in desks.
Glue is located in garages.
Glue is located in schools.
Glue is located in tubes.
Glue is mixture.
Glue is substances.
Glue isa adhesive.
Glue leaves around paper plate.
Glue leaves on back of pot for tail feathers and on sides for wings.
Glue leaves on the string or ribbon.
Glue seagulls on pole next to bear.
Glue sparkles on the nose to make it twinkle.
Glue sprigs to inside bottom of basket on each side of ghost.
Glue trim around bottom of tray.
Glues are also adhesives because they can hold two things together.
Glues require accurate cut alignment, and are difficult or impossible to adjust once applied.
Glues sticker to back of shaped tip to secure tip in place.
Glues work best on non-image areas.
Glues work only for short periods before they become covered with a blanket of grit and dirt.
All glues have a definite shelf life after which their performance deteriorates significantly.
All glues have an open time, the amount of time the glue remains liquid and workable.
More glue is applied and the top and bottom are put into place.
More glue is better.
Most glue creates bonds.
Most glues used for attaching stubs are water soluble, as it's the least expensive.
Most glues used in panel manufactures require both heat and pressure to cure properly.
Some glue conducts electricity.
Some glue remains inside back cover from label removal.
Some glues dissolve in drycleaning solvent, causing the beading to come off.
Some glues work better than others in hot weather.
Glued components are thus far more durable than their constituent materials alone.
Glued elastomers are never acceptable.
Glued floors offer a little more room for passengers and gear.
Glued joints work fine in an acid copper bath.
Glued liners are cardboard.
Glued products emit formaldehyde.
A glume is a bract
Glumes are bracts.
Glumes are firm and unequal in length with one prominent rib.
Glumes are lanceolate and glabrous to scaberulous, mostly short-awned.
Glumes are long and narrow with wanting shoulders and acute beaks.
Glumes are nonfluorescent and basal hairs are absent.
Glumes are nonfluorescent.
Glumes are somewhat longer than in common oats.
Glumes are unequal.
A gluon is a boson
Gluons also have color charge .
Gluons also have color charge.
Gluons are bosons.
Gluons are massless quanta of the strong-interaction field.
Gluons are massless, like the photon.
Gluons are particles which bind quarks together to form protons, neutrons, and other stuff.
Gluons are the carrier of the strong force, and hold the quarks together.
Gluons are the carrier of the strong force.
Gluons are the carrier particles of strong interactions.
Gluons are the force carrier, just like photons are the carrier of the electromagnetic force.
Gluons are the force particles which hold quarks, another subatomic particle, together.
Gluons are the mediators for the forces that bind quarks into larger packages.
Gluons are the particles which carry the strong nuclear force.
Gluons carry the nuclear force that binds the quarks together.
Gluons carry the strong force between other quarks , so it is considered a force carrying particle .
Gluons carry the strong force between other quarks, so it is considered a force carrying particle.
Gluons carry the strong nuclear force that binds together the quarks in a neutron.
Gluons have color charge themselves and so gluons interact with gluons.
Gluons have one color and one anti-color.
Gluons have two colors, one normal color and one anti-color.
Gluons serve the function of carrying color when they interact with quarks.
Glutamate excess is neurotoxic because it over stimulates specific neuronal metabolic functions.
Glutamate excess occurs when it isn t removed after nerve cells signal to one another.
Glutamate receptors participate in the nicotine-induced change of met enkephalin in striatum.
Glutamate spillover mediates excitatory transmission in the rat olfactory bulb.
Glutamate spillover suppresses inhibition by activating presynaptic mGluRs.
Glutamatergic synapses are the most abundant synapses within the vertebrate central nervous system.
Glutamic acid combines with ammonia to become glutamine.
Glutamic acid is a major biotransformation product of endothall under aerobic conditions.
Glutamic acid is a neurotransmitter.
Glutamic acid is a nonessential amino acid that the body uses to build proteins.
Glutamic acid is a 'non-essential' classified amino acid that is very common in plants and animals.
Glutamic acid is a very polar molecule usually found outside of proteins and enzymes.
Glutamic acid is amino acid
Glutamic acid is amino acid.
Glutamic acid is an amino acid that is present in our bodies naturally.
Glutamic acid is biosynthesized from a number of amino acids including ornithine and arginine.
Glutamic acid is chemical compounds.
Glutamic acid is just one of many amino acids that are the building blocks of proteins.
Glutamic acid is one of several amino acids which are the main components of proteins.
Glutamic acid is one of the amino acids which make up proteins.
Glutamic acid is one of the major excitatory molecules in the brain.
Glutamic acid serves as fuel for the brain and calms the central nervous system.
Glutamine appearance is increased in precachectic tumor-bearing rats.
Glutamine concentrations fall markedly after training and remain low until complete recovery.
Glutamine metabolism is of vital importance for lymphocytes.
Glutamine powder is tasteless and odorless and dissolves quickly and easily in water.
Glutamine excretes in urine.
Glutamine increases growth hormone levels.
Glutamine inhibits sugar cravings, reduces insulin resistance, and high blood sugar.
Glutamine is amino acid
Glutamine is amino acid.
Glutamine is chemical compounds.
Glutamine isa compound.
Glutamine powers the intestines and is by far the most important nutrient for the intestines.
Some glutamine helps growth.
Some glutamine helps muscle growth.
Gluten elasticity is essential for most breads and baking.
Gluten enteropathy is the inability to absorb gluten, a protein found in wheat.
Gluten feed consists of fibres, spent germ and steep liquor.
Gluten feed is the entire residue of the kernel, including the germs and hulls.
Gluten flour improves baking quality and produces high-protein gluten bread.
Gluten flour is a specially milled flour which is high in gluten and low in starch.
Gluten flour is available in most health food stores.
Gluten grains can cause problems such as nutrient mal-absorption, indigestion and fatigue.
Gluten intolerance can affect many other systems of the body and result in a wide range of symptoms.
Gluten intolerance is the cause of coeliac disease.
Gluten intolerance is thought to be a genetic disorder.
Gluten proteins are rather insoluble in water.
Gluten proteins are readily soluble only in alcohol or acidic or basic solutions.
Gluten proteins can vary in quality.
A gluten is a protein
Gluten also causes inflammation.
Glutens are a large group of proteins that collectively allow wheat flour to form dough.
Glutinous rice is boiled after being placed inside packets made of traingular-shaped leaves.
Glutinous rice is popular in Japan.
Glutinous rice is slightly sweet and found in desserts like coconut sweet rice.
Glutinous rice is sweet, sticky, short grained, and it's used widely in Asia.
Glutinous rice tends to be white and opaque and is very sticky when cooked.
A glutton is a feeder
Gluttons have a gargantuan appetite for both food and drink, often without regard to quality.
Gluttonous eating occurs in some cases.
Gluttony celebrates excess, hedonism, consumption in a head on attack on the new puritans.
Gluttony demands less energy than lust, less industry than avarace.
Gluttony is intemperance.
Gluttony is mortal sin.
Gluttony is sin
Gluttony is vice.
Gluttony kills more than the sword.
Gluttony often causes indigestion.
GLWD volunteers deliver meals once a week for one hour.
A glyburide is medicine
Glyburide lowers blood sugar by causing more of the body's own insulin to be released.
Glycemic control can also improve abnormal lipid levels, especially triglycerides.
Glycemic control increases bone turnover in patients with diabetes.
Glycemic control is a treatment regimen that aims to keep blood glucose levels close to normal.
Glycemic control is improved, while circulating insulin levels are reduced.
Glycemic control is the first step in minimizing diabetic target organ damage.
A glyceride is ester
A glyceride is oil
Glycerides are ester.
Glycerides are fats and oils that are esters of glycerol with one or more fatty acids .
Glycerides are fuel.
Glycerides are lipids in which fatty acids are attached to the glycerol molecule.
Glycerides are lipids.
Glycerides are part of fat.
Glycerides contain fatty acids and glycerol.
Glycerides occur naturally in oils and fats.
Glycerine supply is tight.
Glycerine suppositories are safe and effective in children.
Glycerine is alcohol
Glycerine retains moisture and without it commercial soaps act like dry sponges.
Glycerine turns leaves brown as it replaces the water they once contained.
A glycerite is ester
Glycerites are particularly useful for children, animals and adults who are sensitive to alcohol.
Glycerol addition lowers the freezing point and accelerates red blood cell lysis.
Glycerol molecules line up in single file within the amphipathic channel.
Some glycerol users report feeling bloated or nauseated.
Glycine has calm effects.
Glycine has effects.
Glycine is amino acid
Glycine is found in many foods high in protein, such as fish , meat , beans , and dairy .
Glycine is found in many foods high in protein, such as fish, meat, beans, and dairy.
Glycine isa compound.
Most glycine has calm effects.
Most glycine has effects.
Some glycine induces effects.
Glycogen storage diseases are caused by mutation.
Glycogen has (part) atoms.
Glycogen has (part) chemical chain.
Glycogen has (part) chemical groups.
Glycogen is polysaccharides.
Glycogen is sugar
Glycogen isa polysaccharide.
Glycogen stores in muscles.
Most glycogen is stored in the fat body and to a lesser extent is found in flight muscle cells.
Some glycogen is stored in the liver and some is stored the muscles themselves.
Glycol is antifreeze
Glycols are compounds that have two hydroxyl groups present in each molecule.
Glycols are organic compounds.
Glycols have two hydroxyl groups in their molecules and so are dihydric.
Most glycols deteriorate at very high temperatures.
Glycolysis also results in false low glucose findings.
Glycolysis also serves as a source of raw materials for the synthesis of other compounds.
Glycolysis also utilizes fructose and galactose in small amounts .
Glycolysis begins and ends with specific molecules.
Glycolysis begins with addition of two phosphate groups, activating glucose to react.
Glycolysis begins with glucose and ends with pyruvic acid.
Glycolysis can accept a wide range of carbohydrates for catabolism.
Glycolysis can happen in aerobic and anaerobic organisms.
Glycolysis can occur with or without oxygen.
Glycolysis has two steps.
Glycolysis is a biological process
Glycolysis is a central part of the metabolic processes of all cells.
Glycolysis is a determined sequence of ten enzyme -catalyzed reactions.
Glycolysis is a form of catabolic metabolism.
Glycolysis is a ten-step pathway, involving ten enzymes.
Glycolysis is a universal metabolic pathway.
Glycolysis is an anaerobic pathway that occurs in all organisms.
Glycolysis is an enzymatic process found in all cells.
Glycolysis is certainly an exothermic reaction, since it is a source of energy for the human body.
Glycolysis is common to fermentation and respiration.
Glycolysis is glycolysis.
Glycolysis is impaired by an undetermined mechanism.
Glycolysis is metabolism.
Glycolysis is one method that cells use to produce energy.
Glycolysis is performed in most organisms.
Glycolysis is regulated by the hormones insulin and glucagon.
Glycolysis is the anaerobic catabolic reaction of glucose.
Glycolysis is the beginning of cellular respiration and takes place in the cytoplasm.
Glycolysis is the breakdown of glucose to two molecules of pyruvate.
Glycolysis is the central pathway of all intermediary metabolism.
Glycolysis is the degradation of carbohydrates that contribute to the citric acid cycle.
Glycolysis is the first on the list.
Glycolysis is the first stage of cellular respiration.
Glycolysis is the first state in the breakdown of glucose to produce activated carriers.
Glycolysis is the most widespread metabolic pathway, so it probably evolved early.
Glycolysis is the only metabolic pathway common to nearly all organisms.
Glycolysis is the oxidation of glucose to pyruvic acid and occurs in most cells in the body.
Glycolysis is the primary energy system used for power and strength.
Glycolysis is the splitting of glucose molecules, and it takes place in the cytosol of cells.
Glycolysis is thought to be the archetype of a universal metabolic pathway .
Glycolysis is thought to be the archetype of a universal metabolic pathway.
Glycolysis is very complicated process involving many steps.
Glycolysis isa process.
Glycolysis leads to phosphate consumption as phosphorylated glucose precursors are produced.
Glycolysis means sugar dissolution or splitting.
Glycolysis means the breakdown of sugars.
Glycolysis means, literally, the dissolution of sugar.
Glycolysis needs no oxygen and takes place in the cytoplasm of the cell.
Glycolysis occurs in almost all cells.
Glycolysis occurs in most organisms in the cytosol of the cell.
Glycolysis occurs in the cell membrane.
Glycolysis occurs in the cytoplasm and produces two pyruvic acid.
Glycolysis occurs in the cytoplasm of all cells.
Glycolysis occurs in the cytoplasm of cells.
Glycolysis occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell.
Glycolysis occurs in the cytosol of eukaryotes and prokaryotes.
Glycolysis occurs in the cytosol, all other reactions occur in the mitochondria.
Glycolysis occurs in what part of the cell, organelle, or part of an organelle.
Glycolysis occurs only in the presence of oxygen.
Glycolysis otherwise is unaffected.
Glycolysis oxidizes glucose to two pyruvic acid molecules.
Glycolysis prevents anoxia-induced synaptic transmission damage in rat hippocampal slices.
Glycolysis produces pyruvic acid from glucose.
Glycolysis provides energy to body cells through the oxidation of glucose supplied from the blood.
Glycolysis refers to the breakdown of glucose.
Glycolysis refers to the conversion of glucose to two molecules of pyruvic acid.
Glycolysis releases only a small amount of energy .
Glycolysis releases only a small amount of energy.
Glycolysis requires no oxygen, which was in very low concentrations in the early atmosphere.
Glycolysis requires oxygen.
Glycolysis serves as the major source of energy.
Glycolysis takes place a. in the cytosol.
Glycolysis takes place in several stages.
Glycolysis takes place in the mitochondria.
Glycolysis takes place in the mitochondrion.
Glycolysis takes place in virtually all living cells.
Glycolysis takes place via phosphorylated intermediates.
Some glycolysis leads to byproduct.
Some glycolysis occurs in cytosol.
Glycolytic enzymes can modulate cellular life span.
A glycoprotein is a protein
Glycoprotein acts as an allergen.
Glycoproteins are a class of proteins that often induce allergic reactions.
Glycoproteins are common in all eucaryotic cells, in archaea and eubacteria.
Glycoproteins are found inside every cell.
Glycoproteins are globular proteins with a sugar chain attached.
Glycoproteins are important to recognise immune cells in mammals .
Glycoproteins are important to recognise immune cells in mammals.
Glycoproteins are large molecules made up of sugars and amino acids.
Glycoproteins are proteins which have attached carbohydrate groups.
Glycoproteins are the main components of the ground substance.
Glycoproteins are very common.
Glycoproteins contain chains of usually four different carbohydrates.
Glycoproteins form important structural and functional components of plasma membranes .
Most glycoproteins have an extracellular exposure, location, or function.
A glycoside is an organic compound
Glycosides are a group of sugar derivatives found widely in plants.
Glycosides are important sugars for the proper functioning of the heart and blood stream.
Glycosides are molecules in which a non-sugar chemical is bound to a sugar.
Glycosides are organic compounds.
Glycosides are the next most significant category.
Glycosides are very common in nature.
Glycosides are very varied in structure and have a wide range of functions.
Glycosides neutralize glucose capturing inhibitor that arises in blood during stress.
Glycosidic linkages join monosaccharide units together to form disaccharides.
Glycosylated proteins are abundant.
Glycyrrhetic acid is anti-bacterial, and Chinese herbalists also use it for chronic bronchitis.
Glycyrrhetinic acid is a pentacyclic triterpenoid derivative of the beta-amyrin type.
Glyndale students enjoy reading in the media center.
A glyph is a carving
Glyphs are notation.
Glyphs are strip-kerned on the fly and put together.
Glyphs are the visual representations of characters.
Many glyphs have to do with naming people and places, referencing time, and expressing power.
Many glyphs undergo sensitive, distinctive interactions on more than one seasonal day.
Some glyphs are simple, such as most letters and punctuation marks, but some can be quite complex.
Some glyphs represent more than one phonetic sound, while also representing an idea.
Some glyphs show as squares when they combine with other glyphs.
Glyphosate application is most effective when plants have just begun flowering.
Glyphosate injury appears as a slit in the bark.
A gm is a mass unit
A gm is a metric
GMs also have to be aware of the contract ripple effect.
GMs are here to evaluate players.
GMs are the first people who want to move things or make things happen.
GMs are the ones who have to be on the ball.
GMs are then assigned positions on the mounts and practice timing drills with dummy rounds.
GMs automatically gain channel moderator rights to all channels in the game.
GMs can also specialize in different things.
GMs can expect to be in the spotlight most of the time.
GMs can submit announcements .
GMs find work.
GMs generally fit one size longer than street shoes.
All GMs are volunteers.
Many GMs just dock experience points or screw over the character, and they never explain why.
Most GMs often complain that the draft is a gamble.
Most GMs can read English, or at least have it translated.
Most GMs get too busy to notice quiet or non-participative players.
Some GMs have greater tolerance than others for aberrant conditions.
GMAC financing is available right in the dealership.
GMAC mortgage is a full service provider with a strong tie to the American family.
Any GMAP errors appear once in the file.
GMEs offer opportunities for people to learn about global and local mission.
GMS reserves the right to ship partial orders.
A gnat is an insect
Gnats are another airborne nuisance.
Gnats are capable of flies.
Gnats are categorized under the animalia kingdom and belong to the arthropoda phylum.
Gnats are mosquitos.
Gnats are prolific from late Spring till the end of the trout fishing season.
Gnats are really bad - face netting is a good idea.
Gnats are small flies that sometimes are in big groups called 'swarm's.
Gnats are software.
Gnats are the most prevalent, while flies can also be annoying.
Gnats bother people because they are hungry.
Gnats greatly simplifies processing support requests, reducing the response time.
Gnats make their homes out of it.
All gnats have long, hairlike antennae, which are particularly well-developed in the males.
A gnatcatcher is a warbler
Gnatcatchers require large patches of coastal sage scrub.
Gnathological reconstruction IS a proven and valid treatment for many situations.
Gnathostomes have a number of shared, derived characters.
Gnathostomes share other derived characters besides jaws.
Gnauoa music is used to drive out evil spirits.
Gneiss rocks are characterized by their adjustment of minerals into various bands.
Gneiss rocks are characterized by their arrangement of minerals into long bands.
A gneiss is a metamorphic rock
Gneiss isa material.
Gneiss isa stuff.
Gneisses are heterogeneous - banded.
Gneisses are very coarse grained metamorphic rocks that form during high grade metamorphism.
Gneisses resemble schists in that both are banded and show foliation.
Some gneisses are used as facing stone on buildings.
Some gneisses have pressure.
A gnocchi is a dumplings
Gnocchi's a little heavy.
Most gnocchi are potato based, but they can be made with all sorts of other flours.
All gnome mages are illusionists and they are the only specialist mages that can be multiclassed.
A gnome is fairy
Gnome drag and drop is supported throughout the program.
Gnome enables so many different things.
Gnome isa fairy.
Gnome works on spell book.
Gnomes are a curiosity wherever they go.
Gnomes are a good-natured people and fond of company.
Gnomes are also common.
Gnomes are beings.
Gnomes are dwarfish living in caves and mountains.
Gnomes are elemental spirits of earth.
Gnomes are excellent climbers.
Gnomes are fairy.
Gnomes are fond of tunnels, so they work in mines.
Gnomes are located in lawns.
Gnomes are maxim.
Gnomes are more of a nuisance than a help to the modern farmer.
Gnomes are naturally inquisitive creatures that take great delight in mechanics.
Gnomes are neither luckier or unlucky.
Gnomes are no longer goofy, big-nosed guys.
Gnomes are no longer goofy.
Gnomes are part of south parks.
Gnomes are particularly fond and protective of their families.
Gnomes are real people too.
Gnomes are sexy.
Gnomes are similar to both fighters and magic-users.
Gnomes are similar to dwarves, but they're shorter and slimmer.
Gnomes are software.
Gnomes are songs.
Gnomes are subterranean creatures who make their homes deep underground.
Gnomes are the protectors of all the 'treasures' below the ground.
Gnomes are very widespread species, known to a number of human races.
Gnomes are wonderful metal workers, especially of swords and breastplates.
Gnomes can cast spells even when in armour.
Gnomes can have light to dark brown eye colour, and their hair is white with little exception.
Gnomes can tinker and create nice trinkets such as infravision goggles.
Gnomes consist of a number of different types.
Gnomes gain combat options at attack rank D along with the ability to make two attacks per round.
Gnomes generally prefer shortswords and light crossbows.
Gnomes prefer to concentrate on diligent repair work and maintenance.
Gnomes speak gnome, goblin, kobold, and dwarf.
Gnomes tend to favor rural environments.
Gnomes always know the lance attack and set spear manoeuvres.
Gnomes usually come up with weird stuff, but half the time it's actually useful.
Most gnomes are friendly people who love to tinker with all manner of inventions and sciences.
Most gnomes have dark tan or brown skin and white hair.
A gnosis is intuition
Gnosis comes from a Greek word meaning 'to know' in the sense of to be acquainted.
Gnosis demands the removal of structure from life itself.
Gnosis holds the key to human potential, but it has been repressed of late.
Gnosis is an expanding system.
Gnosis is free of time.
Gnosis is growth and development eternally.
Gnosis is knowledge.
Gnosis is the knowing itself.
Gnosis is the knowledge on which all other knowledge rests.
Gnosis is the spiritual side of life.
Gnosis is to make distinct from unconscious or to some extent automatic perception.
Gnosis means knowledge.
Gnosis opens with a dark and mysterious track entitled Reach For Tomorrow .
Gnosis operates in the same manner.
Gnosis requires telnet software.
Gnosises are intuition.
Gnostic belief allows several creation stories to be true, all aspects of a greater truth.
Gnostic concepts are difficult to grasp.
All gnostic groups offer knowledge, and in a form or degree found only in their teaching.
Gnostic religion is built upon a certain way of experiencing and understanding the world.
Many Gnostic teachings are docetic .
Many Gnostic teachings are docetic.
Gnostic texts are rough in comparison.
Gnostic texts concern the fall of man from the divine to the material world.
Gnostic texts show that women held senior roles as teachers, prophets and missionaries.
Gnostics are advocates.
Gnostics seek Truth in three different ways.
Gnostics try to explain things.
Gnostics always address and challenge the issues of the day.
Gnu cash is good software, but needs more automation.
Gnu herds are constantly on the search for food and are active day and night.
Gnu herds are led by older females, but protected by strong bulls.
Gnu tar has extensions for remote tape access, and multi-volume tapes.
A gnu is an antelope
Gnu are a food source for spotted hyenas, lions, cheetahs and African wild dogs.
Gnu are herbivores and only eat vegetation.
GNU bash as the shell.
Gnu compiling environment features .
GNU dbm A set of database routines that use extensible hashing.
GNU dbm has compatibility functions for dbm .
GNU dbm routines are much more bug-free than standard versions.
GNU find can even cope with that, by using the null character as the file name separator.
GNU find is one way to produce a list of null-terminated filenames.
GNU find is usually much faster and has many enhancements over the stock find .
GNU gdbm and ndbm.
GNU gdbm files provide persistent mappings from arbitrary keys to values.
Gnu isa antelope.
GNU make - .
GNU make - Advanced Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Appending Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Archive Members Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Archive Pitfalls Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Archives Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Bugs Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Chained Rules Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Commands Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Conditionals Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Directory Search Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Directory Variables Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Echoing Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Environment Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Errors Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Execution Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Features Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Flavors Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Functions Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Include Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Last Resort Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - make Deduces Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Make Errors Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Makefile Arguments Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Makefile Basics Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Makefiles Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Missing Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Multiple Rules Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Origin Function Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Overriding Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Pattern Rules Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Reading Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Recursion Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Reference Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Remaking Makefiles Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Rule Syntax Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Rules Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Running Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Selective Search Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Sequences Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Setting Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Suffix Rules Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Testing Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Using Variables Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Values Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make - Wildcard Examples Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
GNU make , to control compilation and installation.
GNU make .
GNU make actually comes with quite good documentation.
GNU make allows parallel execution, but only within the same machine.
GNU make and with the autoconf package.
GNU make appears to have a predisposition for ignoring errors during compilation.
GNU make can be downloaded by clicking here .
GNU make documentation.
GNU make has a bug and under certain circumstances get's confused by carriage returns in make files.
GNU make has many functions like wildcard.
GNU make has several features unavailable in many vendor-supplied make utilities.
GNU make is always recommended and is sometimes required.
GNU make is always recommended and sometimes required.
GNU make is fine.
GNU make is needed in order to build package.
GNU make is the utility that incrementally builds executables and libraries from the source code.
Gnu make or other make tools.
GNU make supports it, for example.
GNU make treats double-colon rules as separate entities.
Gnu make, gcc.
GNU pth fixes that.
GNU recode reference manual recode converts files between character sets and usages.
GNU regex , .
GNU shar utilities have the purpose of sending multiple files safely over mail channels.
GNU shar utilities.
GNU shell utilities.
GNU sort has no limits on input line length or restric- silently supplies one.
GNU troff .
Gnus are animals.
Gnus are antelopes.
Gnus are mammals.
Gnus are software.
Gnus are the favorite prey of lions.
Gnus are the favourite prey of lions.
Gnus are the largest of all antelopes.
Gnus basically considers mail just to be news that has been received in a rather peculiar manner.
Gnus eat grass.
Gnus eat short grass.
Gnus eat vegetation.
Gnus have (part) brains.
Gnus have (part) breasts.
Gnus have (part) cannon bones.
Gnus have (part) cell membranes.
Gnus have (part) cells.
Gnus have (part) chest cavities.
Gnus have (part) chests.
Gnus have (part) corpi.
Gnus have (part) cytoplasm.
Gnus have (part) ears.
Gnus have (part) faces.
Gnus have (part) heads.
Gnus have (part) hip sockets.
Gnus have (part) hoofs.
Gnus have (part) nuclei.
Gnus have (part) piluses.
Gnus have (part) plasma membranes.
Gnus have (part) rib cages.
Gnus have (part) second stomachs.
Gnus have (part) sections.
Gnus have (part) skulls.
Gnus have (part) sterna.
Gnus have (part) vacuoles.
Gnus prefer grass.
Most gnus eat short grass.
Some gnus have dark stripes.
Some gnus have dark vertical stripes.
Some gnus have horns.
Some gnus have stripes.
Some gnus have types.
Some gnus have vertical stripes.
GO also certifies processing operations of organic produce.
GO buy a newer laptop.
GO fly a kite, enjoy the blue skies and green grass.
GO get 'em.
GO have a nail with any type head on it.
GO have fun.
Go is airlines.
Go is board games.
Go is cities.
Go is effort
Go is games.
Go is moves.
Go is programming language.
Go is rivers.
Go is shifts.
Go is software.
Go is travel.
GO learn to read first.
GO lists hundreds of new contract opportunities for companies of all sizes each month.
GO read it .
GOs are the least popular enforcement procedure.
GOs make scientific consideration and judgment on their products and results.
A goad is a device
Goads are sharp sticks used for driving oxen.
Goal average is calculated by dividing the number of goals scored by the number of goals conceded.
Goal differential can be the difference between advancing and watching from home.
Goal keepers wear quartered caps.
Goal kicks are direct kicks.
A goal line is a line
Goal lines determine the end of the two boundaries of the rectangular field.
Goal orientation is inherently a part of climbing.
Goal posts are available in several sizes for all skill levels.
Goal posts are the odd looking structures located at the back of each end zone.
Goal programs are everywhere.
Goal programming is an attempt to overcome the limitations of traditional optimisation models.
Goal scorers are at a premium.
Goal scorers have that instinct.
Goal scorers have to score, role players have to skate and hit to the best of their ability.
Goal setting begins in the staff meeting, and evolves in individual supervisory sessions.
Goal setting can be an effective tool for motivating individuals and groups.
Goal setting can be unsystematic, sporadic and disorganised.
Goal setting can be unsystematic, sporadic and disorganized.
Goal setting can be unsystematic, sporadic, and disorganized.
Goal setting can limit productivity.
Goal setting gets a bad name when year after year, goals are set and cancelled or delayed.
Goal setting gives direction and reason.
Goal setting helps children learn to become responsible for their own futures.
Goal setting is a central activity in lesson study.
Goal setting is a constructive way to set up a process that brings the end result in clear focus.
Goal setting is a continual process.
Goal setting is a continuous process.
Goal setting is a critical part of building positive habits and a high self-esteem.
Goal setting is a dynamic process.
Goal setting is a form of personal forecasting.
Goal setting is a great tool, but that's all it is.
Goal setting is a great way for kids to be accountable.
Goal setting is a necessity in any project undertaken to improve help desk performance.
Goal setting is a skill which is strengthened with practice.
Goal setting is a skill.
Goal setting is a very powerful tool, but it still is only a tool.
Goal setting is a very private thing.
Goal setting is a vital part of planning our lives, otherwise our goals are mere wishes.
Goal setting is also about planning ahead.
Goal setting is also an important process in the development of students.
Goal setting is also an integral part of the business plan.
Goal setting is and always has . . .
Goal setting is as important to success as hard-work.
Goal setting is driven by the patient's pain and disability issues and activity intolerance.
Goal setting is easy.
Goal setting is extremely important in careers.
Goal setting is important because goals are a major part of our guidance system.
Goal setting is important in exercising.
Goal setting is important.
Goal setting is itself often identified as progress.
Goal setting is nothing more than putting first things first.
Goal setting is personal.
Goal setting is probably the most important activity in the group.
Goal setting is really important.
Goal setting is the art that makes everything else possible.
Goal setting is the first step toward later evaluation and improvement.
Goal setting is the most effective way of sticking to a game plan.
Goal setting is the next step after a Mission Statement is developed.
Goal setting is the number-one key to bodybuilding success.
Goal setting is the reigning king of all success techniques ever taught.
Goal setting is very important, especially dealing with a community of students our size.
Goal setting needs constant attention.
Goal theory asserts that assigned goals affect performance through their effects on personal goals.
A goal is content
GOAL addresses the needs and concerns of gay, lesbian, and bisexual law-enforcement personnel.
GOAL Become aware of all the physical and health problems dealing with the use of tobacco.
Goal counts only if ball is controlled into grid, and played from grid through either goal.
Goal do computer research.
Goal doing is more important.
Goal is complete coverage product meeting local government needs.
Goal Is to teach an understanding of money value to the students.
Goal isa cognition.
Goal isa knowledge.
Goal looks easy.
GOAL mean what one intends to accomplish or attain.
GOAL paints itself as representative of mainstream Hellenism in America.
GOAL Provide high quality and accurate information.
GOAL recognizes and rewards student excellence.
GOAL Schedule an orderly transition of service.
GOAL streamline the system.
GOAL Take away all but one red ball, or leave as few as possible.
Goals Acquire a larger building for staff and recreation programs.
Goals act as a measurement.
Goals address physical, social, cognitive and emotional factors.
Goals also come in a variety of ways.
Goals also help children overcome difficulties.
Goals also light the TV award.
Goals also reduce conflicts among team members and the departments they represent.
Goals also serve as yardsticks.
Goals appear contrived and from outside source.
Goals are a bit like buses.
Goals are a frame of reference to keep the train on track.
Goals are a great thing most of the time.
Goals are a part of everyday life.
Goals are a personal road map for success.
Goals are a test of whether they directly support the school's mission and beliefs.
Goals are about twice the width of regulation-size hockey nets.
Goals are abstract, idealized statements of desired outcomes.
Goals are academic excellence, good habits and achievement.
Goals are achievable by diabetic kids if they are motivated and committed.
Goals are action-oriented statements that are general in nature.
Goals are adjusted, budgets cut prematurely, commitments vanish into cyberspace.
Goals are also an important part of family history research.
Goals are also important in the long term.
Goals are also major accomplishments toward which the organization strives.
Goals are also metamorphosed in the crucible of war once started.
Goals are always behaviour.
Goals are amazingly powerful tools.
Goals are appropriate to the client's needs.
Goals are aquatic adjustment, swim readiness, water safety and fun.
Goals are as different as each person who enters the program.
Goals are as important as the plan itself.
Goals are as individual as people.
Goals are as specific as possible.
Goals are as varied as individuals with bipolar disorders are.
Goals are basically wishes that are written down and remembered.
Goals are best case scenarios.
Goals are bilingual proficiency and high academic achievement and cross-cultural understanding.
Goals are both practical and theoretical.
Goals are broad and comprehensive, addressing teaching and learning needs.
Goals are broad and general descriptions of desired outcomes.
Goals are broad and inclusive.
Goals are broad and timeless.
Goals are broad in scope.
Goals are broad issue-oriented statements that reflect the realistic priorities of the unit.
Goals are broad objectives are narrow.
Goals are broad objectives broken down into smaller, discrete tasks.
Goals are broad statements of desired educational outcomes.
Goals are broad statements of intention.
Goals are broad statements of social intent.
Goals are broad statements that offer the reader the general reasoning for the program.
Goals are broad, comprehensive, and address teaching and learning needs.
Goals are broad, long-term aims for the estuary.
Goals are broad, long-term aims that indicate the desired condition for Buzzards Bay.
Goals are broader statements, with objectives defining the specifics of that goal.
Goals are broader than objectives.
Goals are broadly defined targets for policy action.
Goals are clear and measurable.
Goals are clear and specific.
Goals are clear, simple, and measurable.
Goals are clearly related to our value system.
Goals are comprehensive, addressing teaching and student learning needs.
Goals are conceptual, broad, and long range.
Goals are concise and achievable, with immediate rewards.
Goals are concrete statements.
Goals are content.
Goals are deceptive - the unaimed arrow never misses.
Goals are deceptive, the un-aimed arrow never misses.
Goals are deceptive, the unaimed arrow never misses.
Goals are deceptive.
Goals are deceptive-the unaimed arrow never misses.
Goals are definitive and unifying, with consideration for the environment.
Goals are dependent on any additional wave- length accuracy needed by the observer.
Goals are determined and reviewed through internal and external benchmarking.
Goals are developmental, educative, and preventive.
Goals are different from constraints.
Goals are different than duties.
Goals are difficult to define and measure.
Goals are dreams converted into plans.
Goals are dreams put in writing.
Goals are dreams with a deadline.
Goals are dreams with deadlines.
Goals are dreams with time limits that can be measured.
Goals are easier to achieve if they are written down.
Goals are end products and are sometimes broad in nature.
Goals are ends, future states, or conditions to be produced.
Goals are equally diverse.
Goals are equipment based instead of based on learning outcomes.
Goals are equipment based instead of based upon learning outcomes.
Goals are essential for any student.
Goals are essential to every phase of life and are one of the keys to a happy retirement.
Goals are essentially the purpose for an organizations existance.
Goals are excellent tools for creating a successful better life.
Goals are exciting.
Goals are expectations for the program.
Goals are functional descriptions of what a protocol is intended to achieve.
Goals are general aims or purposes of the program and curriculum.
Goals are general statements of what is to be learned.
Goals are general statements.
Goals are generally rather vaguely framed in curricula and syllabi.
Goals are good, but purpose is better.
Goals are good, by the way.
Goals are good.
Goals are great for tracking and encouraging production when training.
Goals are great.
Goals are guidelines for actions.
Goals are guides to content and design.
Goals are guides to content, design, and budget.
Goals are highly explicit, reflecting the philosophy and aims of the leader.
Goals are how to get there.
Goals are important as they provide structure but they are just guidelines.
Goals are important because they give direction and purpose to our use of time, money, and energy.
Goals are important for a number of reasons.
Goals are important for decision making.
Goals are important for wrestlers.
Goals are important in our lives.
Goals are important to a group because they provide the group with focus and motivation.
Goals are important to give people a sense of purpose, provide direction and help guide behavior.
Goals are important, but dreams are more fun and more useful if actively pursued.
Goals are important, but live each day as it comes.
Goals are important, but the process of getting to the goal is at least as significant.
Goals are important.
Goals are in blue.
Goals are in the center of the goal lines.
Goals are incomplete.
Goals are increased participation and increased profit.
Goals are intentionally broad statements.
Goals are just like stamps on letters.
Goals are just so much more fun than resolutions.
Goals are key.
Goals are less clear for social problems, eg.
Goals are like a map.
Goals are like a roadmap, providing direction toward a destination.
Goals are like bread.
Goals are like Generals.
Goals are like grapes, they come in bunches.
Goals are limited and are typically identified by the client.
Goals are loftier and are supported by the objectives.
Goals are longer-term big societal visions that can be impacted by efforts in coordination.
Goals are longer-term big societal visions that can be impacted by many efforts in coordination.
Goals are long-range and very general.
Goals are long-range intended outcomes written in broad, sometimes vague language.
Goals are management issues.
Goals are maximum growth and continued success.
Goals are meaningless without self-evaluation.
Goals are measurable .
Goals are measurable, meaningful, able to be monitored, and useful in making decisions.
Goals are measurable.
Goals are merely reasonable expectations.
Goals are merely rest-stops along O ngoingness.
Goals are modest, and start with having a winning season.
Goals are more general and relate to the nature and purpose of education.
Goals are more general, while objectives are specific.
Goals are more important than processes and systems for a small team.
Goals are more likely to be met if they are written down.
Goals are mostly equipment based and loosely linked to improvement plans.
Goals are motives in action with a burning desire to fulfill.
Goals are much more likely to happen than wishes and hopes.
Goals are much more likely to happen than wishes or hopes.
Goals are necessary for reaching dreams.
Goals are necessary for the implementation of the vision set by the church.
Goals are necessary to accomplish anything that needs focused attention.
Goals are never static or polar.
Goals are nice, but . . .
Goals are nothing without action.
Goals are often general, slippery statements that are hard to define precisely.
Goals are often too remote.
Goals are on either end of the court.
Goals are one way to operationalize an overarching purpose.
Goals are one yard wide.
Goals are only concerned with being achieved.
Goals are outcomes related to writing and speaking identified by faculty.
Goals are part of a comprehensive neighborhood revitalization strategy.
Goals are physical events.
Goals are plentiful.
Goals are posts which are set eight yards apart at each end of the field.
Goals are powerful.
Goals are prescriptive.
Goals are probably one of the things unpublished writers use the least.
Goals are progressive.
Goals are realistic .
Goals are realistic as well as ambitious.
Goals are realistic hiring and promotion targets.
Goals are restrictive.
Goals are road maps.
Goals are s pecific and concrete .
Goals are scores.
Goals are shared and issues are discussed.
Goals are similar in shape to a hockey goal.
Goals are simply check-up points on the way to a dream or purpose.
Goals are simply the markers that can be seen on the side of the road, our life's path.
Goals are so important.
Goals are something to strive toward.
Goals are somewhat general statements that specify somewhat broadly what one wants to accomplish.
Goals are specific and concrete numerical targets for the objectives.
Goals are specific and measurable.
Goals are specific and objectively defined.
Goals are specific, measurable and consistent with the child's level of functioning.
Goals are specific, measurable statements.
Goals are speed, compatibility and portability in that order.
Goals are standards that provide context for measurement.
Goals are statements of anticipated results to be achieved in a year.
Goals are statements of desired end results.
Goals are statements of educational intention which are more specific than aims.
Goals are statements of outcome which support the vision.
Goals are statements of what the writer views as the ideal state of affairs.
Goals are statements outlining the anticipated achievement of various services.
Goals are strong motivating factors.
Goals are subject to change, however.
Goals are subjective rather than objective and the purposes of the group emerge from discussion.
Goals are tactical.
Goals are targets to work toward.
Goals are the actions that fulfill the mission.
Goals are the basis for a smooth and focused operation of an organization.
Goals are the basis for building partnerships with the functional departments.
Goals are the basis for objectives which, in turn, serve as a link between goals and action.
Goals are the bridges that span our dreams.
Goals are the broad, abstract ideals of a project.
Goals are the building blocks of our mission and our roles.
Goals are the end results toward which individuals or families are willing to work.
Goals are the first step in a positive plan of action.
Goals are the foundation for student achievement assessment.
Goals are the guideposts for a learning culture.
Goals are the incentive to achieve.
Goals are the key factor to starting a fitness lifestyle.
Goals are the key to success.
Goals are the more or less acknowledged objectives of parties in a conflict.
Goals are the most general statements which identify issues and state desirable results.
Goals are the motivating force in the behavior of group members.
Goals are the object of what people and organizations commit themselves to.
Goals are the safe islands in the corners of the board.
Goals are the seeds from which our future grows.
Goals are the single most important factor in achieving success.
Goals are the specific long-term results a marketer wants to achieve.
Goals are the tangible ends that the management strategy seeks to achieve.
Goals are the things that people want to do in the next few years.
Goals are the things the product team wants to accomplish.
Goals are the what of our lives.
Goals are there to be celebrated.
Goals are things that require investment.
Goals are time framed .
Goals are to advocate, educate and infiltrate.
Goals are to be reexamined every six months with an infant or toddler and revised as necessary.
Goals are to be supportive of school district strategic plans and school renewal plans.
Goals are to build long-term business relationships.
Goals are to compile a survey and distribute early spring.
Goals are to develop measures of violence within the family.
Goals are to establish mutually beneficial protocols for the licensing of such information.
Goals are to evaluate implant systems and determine indications for surgical treatment.
Goals are to expand current capabilities in the areas of marketing and public relations.
Goals are to get O skills and participate in physically challenging event.
Goals are to improve community relations efforts, increase visibility, generate income.
Goals are to improve performance of existing converters.
Goals are to improve the outcome of pregnancy and improve eating habits.
Goals are to improve the quality of life and decrease emotional distress.
Goals are to increase strength, power and cardiovascular conditioning.
Goals are to learn the beginner stroke and underwater swimming.
Goals are to promote tournaments that are enjoyable and beneficial for everyone.
Goals are to provide a system offering on-line submission, review and approval.
Goals are to provide a welcoming environment and address issues of retention.
Goals are to provide age-appropriate programs for the children.
Goals are to provide better service and remove obstacles.
Goals are to publish something new every week.
Goals are to restore speech and swallowing, decrease sialorrhea, and improve cosmetic appearance.
Goals are too broad and lack focus.
Goals are tough to come by.
Goals are tricky things.
Goals are unclear.
Goals are undeniably soccer's most important statistic.
Goals are unrelated to curriculum or to activities.
Goals are up.
Goals are useful for dealing with conflicts about what to do.
Goals are usually a general statement that cover the scope of what needs to be accomplished.
Goals are usually community vision statements.
Goals are usually lofty and abstract.
Goals are usually quantifiable.
Goals are usually the overall effects desired from the project.
Goals are various, from the crush all opposition to capture the flag, reconnaissance.
Goals are vehicles to make our dreams come true.
Goals are very important for motivation and perseverance.
Goals are very personal and are based on our values and beliefs.
Goals are very personal things.
Goals are visions with a deadline.
Goals are vital to win any match.
Goals are waterproof and durable.
Goals are what an individual or team tries to accomplish in their sport.
Goals are what individuals hope to achieve and accomplish.
Goals are works in progress.
Goals are worth two points and assists are worth one point.
Goals are, of course, to increase typing accuracy and speed.
Goals based on personal values are clearly determined and prioritized.
Goals Be able to work with up to date software and equipment.
Goals Be the voice of ambulatory care nursing.
Goals become lost and progression wanes.
Goals become more intense as children learn phonological awareness and the alphabetic principle.
Goals become more observable and measurable.
Goals become much more concrete, more real if they're formalized.
Goals begin behaviors.
Goals begin with wishes.
Goals benefit companies.
Goals bring discipline of action.
Goals bring focus to one's energies.
Goals Build upon our strength as a center for international scholarship.
Goals Buy best commercially available high performance computers.
Goals can also be more general, like achieving a certain proficiency level in math.
Goals can also help evaluate the behavior of participants.
Goals can also help identify any gaps in the search process.
Goals can also lead to narrow technology choice.
Goals can also span various periods of time.
Goals can be both long term as well as short term.
Goals can be for personal improvement or business operation.
Goals can be great.
Goals can be individual or team-based.
Goals can be lifelong, intermediate, or short term.
Goals can be short or long term.
Goals can be short, medium, or long-term with the only criteria being that every goal is attainable.
Goals can be simple and straightforward but are immensely helpful.
Goals can be so vague that they are useless.
Goals can be very different from unit to unit.
Goals can change.
Goals can come from several places.
Goals can focus on making the Vision a reality.
Goals can give creative people a much-needed sense of direction.
Goals can have more than one objective.
Goals can help by breaking the journey into short, attainable steps.
Goals can help motivate.
Goals can help significantly in the development of task cohesion.
Goals can increase the challenge of a job.
Goals can motivate, guide, and encourage creativity.
Goals can take it on the chin, and keep comin' back for more.
Goals can vary in importance, using ordinal values.
Goals carry no weight, however, unless supported by concrete EPIs.
Goals cause a desire to gets.
Goals center around meeting the needs of adolescents.
Goals center on observation, documentation and reporting procedures.
Goals change a hope for something into a plan to make it happen.
Goals change along the way as students encounter new ideas and people.
Goals change with circumstances.
Goals change with time and age.
Goals change, plans change and circumstances change.
Goals change, too.
Goals Clearly define mission statement.
Goals click above .
Goals Click on any underlined category to go to the index of that category.
Goals come easily.
Goals come from that vision statement.
Goals come in all shapes and sizes and are wrapped in all sorts of words.
Goals come in batches.
Goals come in three forms.
Goals consist of two basic parts, the net and the frame.
Goals Consistently provide responsive, best value supplies and services to our customers.
Goals Convey a learning goal for a page of content.
Goals count as shots.
Goals counter boredom.
Goals cover range of outcomes.
Goals Create awareness and demand for quality children's television programs.
Goals Decrease the mortality and morbidity associated with hip fractures in the elderly.
Goals define a desired future within the context of the vision.
Goals define a quantitative course of action.
Goals Define a realistic probability of recurrence for each patient.
Goals define broad performance priorities.
Goals define how to win.
Goals define key strategies of the vision.
Goals define the desired long-term attributes or characteristics of the future system.
Goals Demonstrate a marked improvement in canoeing abilities.
Goals Demonstrate feasibility of wireless data networking.
Goals describe a desired end result and are normally expressed in broad general terms.
Goals describe aims, wishes, aspirations.
Goals describe areas of major change to realize the vision.
Goals describe broad purposes of anticipated measurable accomplishments.
Goals Describe the specific goals of area under study.
Goals designated as unimportant are, unfortunately, often the most enjoyable ones.
Goals determine methods.
Goals determine the audience, content, function, and the site's unique look and feel.
Goals determine where a person is at.
Goals Develop a methodology for centerline detection in intrathoracic airway trees.
Goals Develop a methodology for longitudinal and cross-sectional IVUS segmentation.
Goals Develop a methodology for segmentation and labelling of vascular tree.
Goals Develop a methodology for segmentation of lung lobes.
Goals Develop academic skills in integration, problem solving, and organization of material.
Goals Develop and build capabilities to grow workplace and non-workplace giving.
Goals develop from values our ideas about what is important and worthwhile.
Goals Develop IT organizational, governance, and communication strategies.
Goals Develop knowledge and skills necessary for management of ill children of all ages.
Goals Develop new capabilities, such as shared virtual reality spaces.
Goals develop out of a vision and provide the basis for implementation steps.
Goals Develop quality university enrollment.
Goals Develop scientific literacy.
Goals Develop skills in the process and fundamentals of learning.
Goals Develop training programs for key technologies in the State.
Goals differ considerably, so does the act of meditating.
Goals differ from plans, which are specific actions needed to accomplish the goals.
Goals differ from skater to skater.
Goals direct the performers attention .
Goals Document the best practices and lessons learned of each Plugged In program.
Goals don t have to be big.
Goals don t have to relate exclusively to study, of course.
Goals don t work.
Goals drive activity.
Goals Educate the general public to the many superior traits of the pawpaw.
Goals Educate the public that SUVs and minivans are heavier polluters than cars.
Goals Effectively use information sources on the Internet.
Goals Elevate the position of manufacturing in the university and in industry.
Goals enable an individual to experience a sense of accomplishment when a task is completed.
Goals Enable clients to realize the value of completing their education.
Goals Enable faster distribution of results.
Goals enable people to measure their efforts and organize their efforts into a coherent plan.
Goals encourage determination as the ocean does a sailing ship.
Goals Encourage positive feelings toward a successful and fulfilling college career.
Goals Encourage the evaluation of EVs in actual operating conditions.
Goals Engage young people in the civic life of the community.
Goals Ensure academic excellence.
Goals Ensure that no student in Berkeley is hungry.
Goals equal success AND success equals goals.
Goals Establish and maintain a centrally located, community-based synagogue in the Heights area.
Goals Establish and maintain a forum for discussion groups and workshops on equity issues.
Goals Establish and maintain an academy for the credentialing of longterm care managers.
Goals exist regardless of where they come from, same as anything else.
Goals express aspirations for the future of tourism in the community.
Goals express in part the requirements for the designed system.
Goals Extend and reinforce science content in the life, physical, and earth science areas.
Goals extend the full width of the court behind each team area.
Goals feel better, and if they really want to demoralize Dallas, do it on the power play.
Goals flash out of nowhere.
Goals focus attention, block-out distractions and direct behavior.
Goals focus on desired changes.
Goals focus on dignity, independence, and the highest quality of life for each resident.
Goals focus on institutional change and assistance to individuals and to groups.
Goals focus on major outcomes, improvements or results and are qualitative in nature.
Goals focus on student safety and increased learning.
Goals focus our attention on a specific course of action.
Goals focus people s energy right now.
Goals foster a practical and scientific understanding of riparian areas and wetlands in Colorado.
Goals Further develop and strengthen basic skills.
Goals generally deal with human values, natural resources and financial resources.
Goals give a person confidence.
Goals give an organization a purpose and direction to move towards the entire year.
Goals give direction and focus to action.
Goals give direction for planning.
Goals give life direction and purpose.
Goals give our lives purpose and meaning.
Goals give people something to look forward to - an important factor in getting on with life.
Goals give people something to strive for .
Goals give power to good intentions.
Goals give purpose and direction to life.
Goals gives a common purpose.
Goals guide and focus one's energy.
Goals guide the priorities for association activities in the coming biennium.
Goals have a little more substance than thoughtless hopes and predictions for the future.
Goals have a relatively more stable position.
Goals have determination and staying power.
Goals have effects.
Goals have impact.
Goals have significant impact.
Goals have strong motivational effects.
Goals have the most impact on behavior if they are clear and owned by individual members.
Goals have their place second place following dreams.
Goals have to be planned out and strategic.
Goals have to be realistic.
Goals have to be seen in context with serendipitous discoveries.
Goals help aid decision making in the face of uncertainty.
Goals Help clients become aware of their current feelings and old conflicts.
Goals Help concrete constructors produce cost effective concrete by increasing their knowledge.
Goals help elderly individuals.
Goals help individuals.
Goals help keep our direction clear and our motivation high.
Goals help maintain a balance in each subject, as well as develop character in the child.
Goals Help parents establish local PROs across Texas.
Goals help prolong effort and increase persistence .
Goals Help students resolve psychological barriers that interfere with personal and academic growth.
Goals Help students to succeed in their first year of college.
Goals help the performer mobilize effort .
Goals help to clarify direction for future actions.
Goals help to establish the team's desired level of performance over a specified period of time.
Goals help writers determine what they want to achieve with their writing.
Goals highlight many of the center's programs.
Goals Hire a strategic planning consultant.
Goals however are still ahead.
Goals I. Maintain the infrastructure of support services to libraries and their users.
Goals Identify and document parties responsible for the discharge of contaminants.
Goals Identify and interpret typical behaviors of young children using a developmental perspective.
Goals Identify characteristics of Revolutionary War leaders.
Goals Identify major ethical issues of genetic testing, screening and gene therapy.
Goals Identify serious problems affecting the Earth's ability to function.
Goals Identify the cultures of dying and bereavement in Maine.
Goals Identify vessel transit trends in Hawaii's ports.
Goals Improve access to library services and develop seamless access to electronic resources.
Goals improve character, virtue and growth in individuals.
Goals Improve knowledge of environmental deterioration and sustainability.
Goals Improve knowledge of other cultures and religions.
Goals Improve math, science, and technology skills of a core group of students.
Goals Improve technical skills.
Goals Improve the quality of industry specifications.
Goals Improve the student experience through alumni contact.
Goals include awareness.
Goals include diversity.
Goals include health.
Goals Increase extramural support for research Nurture diversity as an educational asset.
Goals Increase financial support for university programs and activities.
Goals Increase in student problem-solving and communication skills.
Goals Increase male involvement in relationships, mentoring, fathering, and parenting.
Goals Increase public awareness of grasscycling methods and benefits.
Goals increase regional collaboration on common problems.
Goals Increase the knowledge of the concrete construction industry regarding insurance.
Goals Increase the number of underrepresented minority biomedical scientists.
Goals Increase the placement of animals into humane environments.
Goals Increase women's access to information about all aspects of their health.
Goals influence two important factors in sports.
Goals install in ground sleeves for seasonal removal.
Goals introduce each chapter and a summary with review questions concludes each chapter.
Goals is completion of the research project.
Goals is to avoid nightime hypercapnia and desaturation.
Goals is to be able to purchase tickets online.
Goals issued at the top level refer to the type-in module.
Goals Learn basic relational database techniques.
Goals Learn business and economic concepts.
Goals Learn how to use hashes, split, and regular expressions.
Goals Learn how to use regular expressions and substitution.
Goals Learn the physical parameters of the earth.
Goals made by males count one point and goals made by females count two points.
Goals Maintain a strong enrollment of academically superior students.
Goals Maintain best practice standards of care which meet or exceed the industry standards.
Goals Maintain high-bandwidth connectivity for research and academic purposes.
Goals maintain our interest and enjoyment in life.
Goals Make additional technology hardware available for classroom use.
Goals make forwards smile and shutouts make defenders smile.
Goals Meet the labor needs of Massachusetts skills-based businesses.
Goals motivate behavior.
Goals Move toward universal access to high-speed networks for faculty, students and staff.
Goals operate at both macro and micro levels.
Goals organize subject matter within learning areas.
Goals organize the work of the organization.
Goals Preserve the existing transportation system.
Goals Promote access to health care.
Goals Promote communication among women in computing.
Goals Promote dynamic and diverse economic growth across all regions and demographic groups.
Goals Promote education and the importance of school.
Goals Promote efforts to reduce the loss of life and property.
Goals Promote rural health and nursing.
Goals Promote statewide fire and life safety through code development education and training.
Goals Promote the development, growth, and recognition of technology companies in Central Virginia.
Goals Promote the economic development of Virginia through resource sharing.
Goals Promote the health, safety and well being of our communities.
Goals Promote undergraduate and graduate research, scholarship, and creative activity.
Goals Promote unique role of children's hospitals.
Goals Prove that there is a classroom situation where all of the given information is consistent.
Goals Provide a broad selection of products at fair prices.
Goals Provide a broad, interdisciplinary general education for students.
Goals provide a context.
Goals provide a direction for the future.
Goals provide a measuring stick against which progress can be directed.
Goals provide a predictable and manageable approach to compliance.
Goals Provide a regional approach to educational activities for school nurses.
Goals provide a sense of fulfilment when met.
Goals provide a system for measuring the student's progress toward long-range expectations.
Goals Provide academic and experiential leadership and service programs.
Goals provide an effective means of evaluation.
Goals provide an overall guide for what a course is supposed to do.
Goals Provide baseline information and document trends in water quality for individual lakes.
Goals Provide broad access to students and faculty for instruction and research.
Goals provide challenges.
Goals provide criteria for judging whether the program is effective.
Goals Provide education about issues and strategies related to immunization.
Goals Provide effective support to faculty and the institution in obtaining program funding.
Goals provide focus and direction for management.
Goals Provide for career exploration.
Goals provide guidance and a unified direction for people in the organization.
Goals provide guidelines for decision making.
Goals provide milestones to be met during the course of a project.
Goals provide motivation and direction.
Goals Provide opportunities to gain awareness, skills and appreciation during discretionary time.
Goals Provide professional development opportunities.
Goals Provide quality customer service in a timely manner.
Goals provide the focus for instruction and the basis for decision making.
Goals provide the foundation of planning.
Goals range from introduction to the water to stroke refinement.
Goals Reduce the number and volume of oil spills.
Goals refer to the overall desired outcome, and is usually stated in general terms.
Goals reflect desired future conditions in the ecosystem.
Goals reflect high standards of performance for all students.
Goals reflect the long-term, global effects the prevention program is intended to achieve.
Goals represent a benchmark for evaluating an employer's affirmative action progress.
Goals represent broad statements of desired state.
Goals represent the thread that ties together the various stages of one's life.
Goals represent what people commit themselves to do, often within a few months.
Goals require a commonly shared meaning, communicating the same intended outcome to everyone.
Goals require cooperation.
Goals require work.
Goals resolve conflicts about the group's activities.
Goals result from our values and are linked to lifestyle expectations.
Goals Return the injured worker to the job.
Goals Review existing standards for metadata content and format.
Goals Searching mail messages, similar to creating filters, is aimed at more intermediate users.
Goals seem to be stepping stones to success.
Goals Select the most qualified individuals to study medicine.
Goals separate the winners from the losers.
Goals Serve as a campus focal point for educational technology activities.
Goals serve as an incentive and as a means for measuring accountability.
Goals serve as benchmarks for measuring the organization's progress.
Goals serve several purposes.
Goals serve to organize the specific tasks necessary to produce an activity.
Goals set are ambitious, but obtainable.
Goals set by others can be only for themselves.
Goals Set enthusiastic far-reaching goals for the next few months.
Goals Setting family goals is a tough, but essential, task.
Goals show promise of attainment.
Goals sit somewhere between aims and objectives.
Goals specify the accomplishments to be reached if the vision is to become real.
Goals start with a vision.
Goals state the broad, overall purpose of a course in general terms.
Goals stay in the middle of the table until they are completed.
Goals STOP climbing that ladder every couple of months to replace the same goal over and over again.
Goals Stop the spread of the oak wilt tree fungus that is killing many trees on campus.
Goals stress that members work as a team.
Goals stretch and challenge an agency, but they are realistic and achievable.
Goals stretch and challenge an organization, but they are realistic and attainable.
Goals stretch and challenge the agency, but they are realistic and achievable.
Goals supply the value premises that underly decisions.
Goals Support innovative faculty development of course web pages as learning tools.
Goals take commitment.
Goals Teach the intrinsic value of research to undergraduate students.
Goals tend to be broad and general.
Goals tend to be less tangible when compared to objectives.
Goals tend to tap the deeper resources and draw the best out of life.
Goals then provide direction.
Goals tie in to the campus and college facilities plans.
Goals -To focus on metropolitan planning in the international arena.
Goals -To provide students with experience in research laboratories.
Goals transform a random walk into a chase.
Goals Treat all customers with courtesy and professionalism.
Goals typically involve meeting certain criteria by a set time.
Goals Use an Internet search engine to find teaching resources.
Goals Use multimedia to enhance communications within and beyond the school.
Goals vary greatly, depending upon the individual levels of development of each child.
Goals vary in importance .
Goals vary with each producer.
Goals Write more professionally.
Goals often arise from unfulfilled needs.
Goals often change over time.
Goals often have different functions and arise from different sources.
Goals often involve sales support, referrals, productivity and customer service.
Goals often seem to be more easily measurable than values.
Goals sometimes hide from our conscious mind.
Goals usually have a deadline.
Goals usually refer to objects in the environment whose position is stored in a map.
All goals are attainable.
All goals are measurable.
All goals are of equal importance.
All goals are subject to confirmation by the referee.
All goals are worldwide unless otherwise indicated.
All goals count the same.
All goals exceed all current and proposed safety and game standards.
All goals interact in support of the others.
All goals proceed from duress.
All goals promote the readiness of our students to make the transition from school to community.
All goals start with dreams.
Any goal can have one objective or several objectives.
Any goal counts, but a headed goal counts double.
Any goal is nice, of course.
Every goal has a possibility of achievement.
Every goal has at least one path leading to it, often several.
Every goal is considered too high by some and too low by others.
Every goal is counted as one shot on goal, regardless of how it enters the net.
Every goal is designed for easy assembly, long life and durability.
Every goal needs a plan.
Every goal needs to be measured.
Every goal starts today.
Every goal varies for every writer.
Many goals come as a result of sloppy play.
Many goals involve pain to get there.
Many goals take relatively little money compared to time.
Most goals benefit companies.
Most goals come after neat play, and then a good shot into the bottom corner of the goal.
Most goals come from effort offensively and defensively.
Most goals have effects.
Most goals have impact.
Most goals have significant impact.
Most goals help elderly individuals.
Most goals help individuals.
Most goals require cooperation.
Most goals require identification and authentication, which is sometimes listed as a separate goal.
Most goals require sacrifice, either of time, effort, money, or other priorities in our lives.
Most goals wins.
Some goals are a one-time thing.
Some goals are better than others, according to some hierarchical scheme of values.
Some goals are easier to tackle or already underway.
Some goals are easy, and a person only needs motivation.
Some goals are more easily achievable through regulatory fiat.
Some goals are more pragmatic than others and some are more general.
Some goals are mutually exclusive.
Some goals are necessary simply to allow women to survive and stay safe.
Some goals are part of basketball.
Some goals are part of intrigue.
Some goals are part of plots.
Some goals are part of rugbies.
Some goals are part of strategies.
Some goals are short-term, like buying a new car battery.
Some goals are simple.
Some goals are so large or so far off that they are really just dreams or fantasies.
Some goals are so worthy that it is glorious even to fail.
Some goals are so worthy, it's glorious even to fail.
Some goals are worth reaching, no matter what the cost.
Some goals can actually create stress, and hence become twice as difficult to achieve.
Some goals consider effects.
Some goals consider food web effects.
Some goals far exceed governmental requirements.
Some goals have guides.
Some goals have to do with improving access to schooling.
Some goals help husbands.
Some goals lead scientists.
Some goals provide guidance.
Some goals provide little guidance.
Some goals represent aspects.
Some goals require different sorts of evidence.
Some goals require resources other than money to achieve.
Some goals sound positive but contain hidden negative images.
Some goals sound stupid or impossible.
Goalball spectators are a unique crowd.
A goalie is a soccer player
Goalie isa athlete.
Goalie pretends to drink water.
Goalie wins Save pct.
Goalies are in each net.
Goalies are much bigger than used to be.
Goalies are notoriously hard to handicap and are often late bloomers.
Goalies are often concerned about how to break in new equipment, especially the leg pads.
Goalies are part of ice hockeys.
Goalies are probably the most important players in a hockey team.
Goalies are soccer players.
Goalies are some of the bravest and finest athletes in any sport.
Goalies are strong and have a variety of save animations.
Goalies are the best penalty killers.
Goalies are the only players on the ice that can play with a broken stick.
Goalies are the toughest to get before a game, especially the starting goalie.
Goalies are the unappreciated minority when it comes to finding quality playing and practice gear.
Goalies are to wear an alternate color.
Goalies are two people tied back to back at the waist with elastic exercise band.
Goalies are usually the best pure skaters on the team, have great balance and even greater reflexes.
Goalies are very specialized players.
Goalies are weird that way.
Goalies are workers.
Goalies better wear bullet-proof vests.
Goalies can be men or women.
Goalies can leave their feet to play a ball, as long as they are touching some part of the crease.
Goalies can lose as much weight as a forward or defenseman.
Goalies can no longer take part in penalty corners awarded to their side.
Goalies can only change during play stoppages.
Goalies can track their stats and promote themselves.
Goalies can use both hands.
Goalies can wear own face mask or helmet with cage.
Goalies certainly have enough to worry about without focusing on attacks from offensive players.
Goalies deal with the tension.
Goalies demand a great degree of movement in the upper body as well.
Goalies falling make it easy to score get rid of the goalies falling.
Goalies falling make it easy to score.
Goalies get no bonus for scoring or assisting on a goal.
Goalies have (part) arms.
Goalies have (part) body substances.
Goalies have (part) cell membranes.
Goalies have (part) cells.
Goalies have (part) corpi.
Goalies have (part) cytoplasm.
Goalies have (part) heads.
Goalies have (part) human bodies.
Goalies have (part) legs.
Goalies have (part) material bodies.
Goalies have (part) necks.
Goalies have (part) nuclei.
Goalies have (part) personality.
Goalies have (part) plasma membranes.
Goalies have (part) sections.
Goalies have (part) vacuoles.
Goalies have enough work to do when players stay out of their way.
Goalies have several different ways of deflecting a shot, and each comes with a price.
Goalies have their skates done with very little hollow.
Goalies have to stay focused on stopping the puck and just hope to stay healthy.
Goalies learn to take away the real scoring space with minimum movement.
Goalies make glove, blocker, stick, chest and kick saves.
Goalies normally wear masks that give protection to the entire face and head as well as the neck .
Goalies normally wear masks that give protection to the entire face and head as well as the neck.
Goalies play for free.
Goalies play free.
Goalies play smarter than they did before and the frequency of players going in offside is down too.
Goalies protect goals with lateral movement.
Goalies react quicker.
Goalies require an excess of mental strength and concentration to stay on top of their game.
Goalies seem especially prone to quirky injuries.
Goalies smack their sticks on the ice for a lot for reasons.
Goalies stay in centers.
Goalies tend to get groin pulls because of their pads.
Goalies throw themselves IN the way.
Goalies use sticks.
Goalies use wooden sticks.
Goalies wear throat protection, and so do baseball catchers.
Goalies win or lose playoff games.
Every goalie can get hot and really carry a team through a game or two.
Every goalie does it.
Every goalie goes through times when they feel they are in that zone.
Every goalie has a weakness, it just takes time to discover it.
Every goalie has teams they enjoy playing against.
Every goalie needs confidence.
Many goalies try to center their bodies on the puck at all times.
Most goalies have experience as forwards.
Most goalies stay in centers.
Most goalies tend to use face protectors of some sort.
Most goalies use sticks.
Most goalies use wooden sticks.
Some goalies are easy to please and others are very specific in their ideas.
Some goalies are good at stopping shots, but give up too many rebounds.
Some goalies bounce the ball in order to concentrate better.
Some goalies take to it very well and it greatly benefits their game.
A goalkeeper is a soccer player
Goalkeeper attempts to punt a ball into the center circle from within the penalty area.
Goalkeeper begins drill with one hand touching one cone.
Goalkeeper defends a triangular goal.
Goalkeeper does whatever is required to prevent the goal.
Goalkeeper exceeds four steps.
Goalkeeper faces a rebound board or wall five yards away.
Goalkeeper immediately runs back to touch the cone at the starting position.
Goalkeeper is changed frequently on rotating basis.
Goalkeeper making a save throws the ball to the coach.
Goalkeeper moves forward and backwards with play.
Goalkeeper picks up the ball and repeats the drill for five minutes.
Goalkeeper stands in the crease ready to receive shots from the player.
Goalkeeper throws a tennis ball against the wall.
Goalkeeper wears a differently colored shirt.
Goalkeepers are also important in organizing their team's games, as they see the whole field better.
Goalkeepers are in full sized goals.
Goalkeepers are in goal.
Goalkeepers are natural targets.
Goalkeepers are positions.
Goalkeepers are soccer players.
Goalkeepers are the most important players on the field.
Goalkeepers are welcome to join the fun as well.
Goalkeepers can wear mitts and other protective gear.
Goalkeepers change after three shots.
Goalkeepers get special attention.
Goalkeepers have an understanding.
Goalkeepers have no such luxury.
Goalkeepers have some special privileges in water polo.
Goalkeepers only play a half in goal and then play on the field.
Goalkeepers receive a position-specific evaluation.
Goalkeepers receive separate, specialized instruction.
Goalkeepers receive specialized goalkeeping instruction.
Goalkeepers rotate after each shot.
Goalkeepers rotate every service.
Goalkeepers often do.
Goalkeepers often use different pairs for practice and competition.
All goalkeepers accept the occupational hazards of letting in a soft goal.
All goalkeepers get field time in addition to their time in goal.
Every goalkeeper has a valuable role in team play.
Most goalkeepers also wear gloves to protect their hands and enhance their grip of the ball.
Most goalkeepers also wear gloves.
Most goalkeepers are weak low.
Most goalkeepers use sticks strung with mesh.
A goalpost is a post
Goalpost move between two wrap rocks, after a long chute beside some willow trees.
Goalposts are trashcans, and the soccer ball is scuffed and dirty.
A goaltender is a soccer player
Goaltender kicks the ball toward the right cone.
Goaltenders are a rare and marvelous breed.
Goaltenders are a unique breed, so each one of their masks is unique in itself.
Goaltenders are easy to find and forwards are plentiful.
Goaltenders are free.
Goaltenders are like middle linebackers in football and catchers in baseball.
Goaltenders are much stingier with rebounds, and that leads to fewer cheap goals.
Goaltenders are no exceptions.
Goaltenders are part of ice hockeys.
Goaltenders are the first and last line of defense in the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Goaltenders are the heart and soul of a hockey team.
Goaltenders can also utilize the poke check as the skater moves in on the goal.
Goaltenders get the award, but it's really an ultimate team award.
Goaltenders play late into their careers.
Goaltenders tend to stay at or beyond the top of the crease to cut down on the angle of shots.
Goaltenders wear a different type of glove on each hand .
Goaltenders wear a different type of glove on each hand.
Goaltenders often have specific whole sessions dedicated to their specialty.
Every goaltender has good and bad nights.
Many goaltenders are so intense.
Most goaltenders accept the scrutiny as a part of the job.
Most goaltenders don t like being bitched at, especially by the team they are goaltending for.
Some goaltenders overplay to the stick side, presenting a more inviting target on the glove side.
Some goaltenders overplay to the stick side, presenting a more inviting target on their glove side.
Some goaltenders quit on the play.
Goat farming offers a number of benefits.
Goat Island has the distinction of being the last manned lighthouse in Maine.
Goat Island imposes a unique physical discipline on their spatial collages.
Goat Island is accessible by car.
Goat Island is accessible only by water or air.
Goat Island is primitive and accessible only by boat.
Goat Island is unspoiled by commercial clutter.
Goat kids require nutrition.
Goat meat production has opportunity.
Goat milk possesses unique concentrations and forms of specific nutrients.
Goat people are artistic, sensitive and elegant.
Goat people are elegant , charming, artistic , gifted and fond of nature.
Goat people are very romantic sensitive, sweet and darling.
Goat tying is the only woman's event that requires fast footwork and agile dexterity on the ground.
A goat is a bovid
Goat isa ungulate.
Goat -Possesses good absorbency with a soft, wiry feel.
Goats also consume less water and more feed under harsh conditions.
Goats also have a well developed ability to discriminate sweets.
Goats also have beards and males give off a strong odor in the mating season.
Goats also help control weedy vegetation.
Goats also produce milk that can be made into cheese, yogurt, soap and baby formula.
Goats also protect native flora and fauna by munching exotic weeds.
Goats also seem prone to getting their horns caught in fences.
Goats appear to be much more resistant to copper toxicity than sheep.
Goats are a lot of work, but rewarding and fun animals.
Goats are a low environmental impact livestock.
Goats are a powerful technology, and power always cuts both ways.
Goats are a problem on many Caribbean islands, where they eat native plants.
Goats are a symbol of riotous, unconsciously selfishness, failing to see the needs of others.
Goats are a very active animal and they like to travel and go through fences.
Goats are able to produce milk in much greater quantities than cows.
Goats are active, inquisitive animals.
Goats are agile and can penetrate all but the best designed and constructed physical barriers.
Goats are also clever climbers, impressive high jumpers, and talented escape artists.
Goats are also herd animals.
Goats are also related to sheep.
Goats are also susceptible to a variety of skin problems.
Goats are amazing animals.
Goats are an appropriate figure, because the goat was regarded as a comparatively worthless animal .
Goats are an ideal dairy species.
Goats are an important aspect of people's livelihood.
Goats are browsers in comparison to sheep, which are predominantly grazers.
Goats are close herd animals, and internal parasites are a problem in most Southern herds.
Goats are common in the hills of Israel.
Goats are curious and intelligent, and can escape from weak fences.
Goats are cute.
Goats are definitely escape artists.
Goats are descended from goats.
Goats are descended from wild goats.
Goats are docile.
Goats are dry climate, sparse vegetation animals.
Goats are easier to artificially breed than sheep, due to a less complicated cervix.
Goats are easy and inexpensive to rear because they eat weeds and leaves around the village.
Goats are easy to care for.
Goats are easy to raise in hot and cold weather.
Goats are excellent at reclaiming abandoned pastures or clearing brush.
Goats are extremely curious and intelligent.
Goats are extremely destructive.
Goats are extremely vain.
Goats are famous for eating plants down to the roots, leaving nothing but dust in their wake.
Goats are far more common than cows, it seems.
Goats are foolish.
Goats are foragers and browsers.
Goats are four legged animals.
Goats are generalist herbivores that select the highest quality food available.
Goats are generalists and live on a wide variety of vegetation.
Goats are generally even-tempered, curious and playful.
Goats are goats.
Goats are great escape artists and can climb or crawl through just about anything.
Goats are great for children, because the goats are so small.
Goats are great pets.
Goats are great swimmers even though they hate it.
Goats are hard to come by.
Goats are hardy and generally healthy animals.
Goats are hardy cliff dwellers, preferring an arid climate.
Goats are herbivores that are curious about unique odors or new foods.
Goats are herbivores, which means they eat only vegetation.
Goats are herd animals and are very uncomfortable with being alone.
Goats are herd animals and really like company and they are quiet when they are happy.
Goats are herd animals, so depend on the companionship of other goats.
Goats are herd animals.
Goats are important as a source of income and non-chemical brush control.
Goats are in the same category with deer and zebra.
Goats are in Wales held in peculiar esteem for their supposed occult intellectual powers.
Goats are insecure.
Goats are intelligent and can be trained.
Goats are intelligent, inquisitive animals and tend to 'test' a fence more than sheep.
Goats are just as susceptible to predators as other livestock.
Goats are just inquisitive, sometimes to their own detriment.
Goats are just like humans when it comes to freezing water.
Goats are known to be able to distinguish be tween bitter, salt, sweet and sour tastes.
Goats are known to stand on their hind legs to reach leaves and brush.
Goats are less expensive to purchase and to keep.
Goats are linear thinkers.
Goats are located in barns.
Goats are located in farms.
Goats are located on farms.
Goats are located on grass.
Goats are male animals.
Goats are mammals.
Goats are mentioned many times in the Bible.
Goats are more elegant and more intelligent than cows.
Goats are more like dogs than dairy animals.
Goats are more likely than cattle to vocalize in response to pain.
Goats are more likely to seek shelter in wet weather than sheep.
Goats are more scattered than sheep and tend to inhabit more broken terrain.
Goats are more susceptible than sheep, and pigs are more susceptible than cattle and horses.
Goats are more susceptible to internal parasites than other types of livestock.
Goats are naturally gregarious, and do well when there are two or more.
Goats are naturally quarrelsome.
Goats are no exception.
Goats are nothing.
Goats are notorious for destroying their blankets.
Goats are notorious forage wasters.
Goats are notoriously difficult to contain with a fence and many escape from farms to become feral.
Goats are one of the most challenging livestock to contain with fencing.
Goats are one of the oldest domesticated species.
Goats are pack animals.
Goats are part of tribes.
Goats are people.
Goats are picky eaters and do more sorting of feed ingredients.
Goats are practical animals.
Goats are really fascinating.
Goats are reputed to be willing to eat almost anything.
Goats are ruminants just like dairy cows.
Goats are ruminants, and like cattle, they have four stomach compartments.
Goats are ruminants, and ruminants are pot-bellied animals.
Goats are ruminants, so hay is essential to their diets.
Goats are ruminants.
Goats are ruminants.
Goats are seasonal breeders, just like sheep.
Goats are selective eaters.
Goats are self sufficient.
Goats are selfish.
Goats are sensitive to inclement weather.
Goats are sensitive, intelligent animals.
Goats are similar to sheep in most welfare and health matters.
Goats are small for ungulates .
Goats are small non-predatory mammals.
Goats are sociable, playful creatures.
Goats are sooo inconsiderate .
Goats are stout-bodied mammals with horns and cloven hooves.
Goats are susceptible to parasites, both internal and external.
Goats are symbolic of sexuality and sexual desires.
Goats are the common and mostly raised domestic or farm animals.
Goats are the escape artists of the domesticated animal world.
Goats are the oldest do- mesticated ruminants.
Goats are the oldest domesticated animal in the world, except for dogs.
Goats are the same way.
Goats are tools of the wolf, which willingly and eagerly do wolf wickedness.
Goats are traditional symbols of lust.
Goats are ubiquitous.
Goats are unable to eat flowers, lest they explode.
Goats are unaffected by the plant, and they're big eaters.
Goats are unbelievers, hypocrites, sinners among every nation.
Goats are unique in their personality.
Goats are usually more susceptible than sheep.
Goats are usually quite docile and their usual gait, even when alarmed, is a deliberate pace.
Goats are vegetarian.
Goats are very comfortable with humans and often seek out their company and companionship.
Goats are very cool individuals.
Goats are very coordinated and can climb and hold their balance in the most awkward places.
Goats are very easy to tame.
Goats are very selective feeders and choose some parts of a plant and leave the rest.
Goats are very sociable, lively, inquisitive, and independent animals.
Goats are very susceptible to mold toxins.
Goats are very susceptible to tetanus.
Goats are very tough to fence in.
Goats are voracious consumers of poison oak and ivy.
Goats are voracious eaters and efficient brush clearers.
Goats attack the data before the team can make land cover assessments.
Goats attempt to push under or walk through fences.
Goats bearing cashmere appear 'fluffy' as the undercoat grows through the coarse guard hair.
Goats browse on the tips of shrubs and weeds, much like deer.
Goats can and often do overgraze.
Goats can be quite affectionate and often make great pets.
Goats can die suddenly of acute liver fluke disease in the late summer.
Goats can eat a wide variety of foods.
Goats can eat different things like rye, clover, fescue, and orchardgrass.
Goats can graze on pastures on hill slopes, which have a limited potential for crop production.
Goats can live and thrive and produce goat meat on almost anything.
Goats can live on almost nothing because they forage for food.
Goats can negotiate rougher and higher terrain.
Goats can overeat and die.
Goats can present a nuisance to campers at the Pass.
Goats can produce five to six litres of milk per day.
Goats can produce milk.
Goats can remain then because they scavenge for other resources.
Goats can stand cold temperatures if they are able to get away from drafts and wind.
Goats can supply milk, meat, hides for clothing and be a work or pack animal if needed.
Goats can supply the demand for milk for lactose intolerant individuals.
Goats can survive and thrive just about anywhere.
Goats can survive in difficult conditions.
Goats can t legally wear trousers in Massachusetts.
Goats can tell simple travellers from sportsmen from quite a long distance.
Goats can tolerate poorer quality forages, range land, and shrubbery better than the above species.
Goats can travel over a wide variety of terrain and can be trained to cross streams.
Goats carry genes.
Goats chew cuds.
Goats chew grass.
Goats chew leaves.
Goats chew plants.
Goats chew wheat.
Goats come in many colors and combinations of colors, but solid colored goats are much preferred.
Goats commonly have subclinical infections but can transmit the disease to other species.
Goats consume amounts.
Goats consume food.
Goats consume less forage than beef cattle .
Goats consume plants.
Goats consume shrubby vegetation, in addition to forage plants.
Goats continue to be prized for their milk and the resulting fermented dairy products.
Goats cross meadows.
Goats demand more attention than sheep.
Goats deposit fat internally before they do externally.
Goats descend from goats.
Goats desire food.
Goats destroy environments.
Goats destroy grass.
Goats destroy plants.
Goats destroy vegetation.
Goats develop front legs.
Goats develop legs.
Goats develop lungs.
Goats digest food.
Goats digest their food by fermentation in the rumen that is populated with millions of bacteria.
Goats do well in cold weather as long as they are healthy, dry, and draft free.
Goats drink water.
Goats eat a wide variety of plants and are especially fond of briars and brush.
Goats eat a wide variety of vegetation.
Goats eat almost anything.
Goats eat anything.
Goats eat food.
Goats eat fruit.
Goats eat grass and hay.
Goats eat grass, herbs, tree leaves and other plant material.
Goats eat grass.
Goats eat hay, grass, leaves of trees, branches, even kudzu.
Goats eat hay.
Goats eat ivy, Mares eat oats.
Goats eat juniper.
Goats eat lawns.
Goats eat leaves.
Goats eat meals.
Goats eat oats.
Goats eat plants.
Goats eat trash.
Goats eat tree seedlings.
Goats eat vegetation.
Goats eat weeds, brush and thorny shrubs that cattle avoid.
Goats eat weeds.
Goats enjoy feeding in pastures, especially where there are different types of grasses and weeds.
Goats exhibit reaction.
Goats feed corn.
Goats feed in fields.
Goats feed in grass.
Goats feed on clover.
Goats feed on grasses, forbs, and browse.
Goats fit into the environmental balance of nature.
Goats follow mothers.
Goats forage sites.
Goats give birth to goats.
Goats give cheese.
Goats graze in environments.
Goats graze in fields.
Goats graze in grass.
Goats graze in groups.
Goats graze in mountains.
Goats graze in valleys.
Goats graze native pasture.
Goats graze pasture.
Goats graze tops.
Goats grazing in the area can then pick up the virus through cuts or abrasions.
Goats grow legs.
Goats handle the cold and heat well.
Goats has-part bones.
Goats has-part eyes.
Goats has-part glands.
Goats has-part legs.
Goats has-part lungs.
Goats has-part noses.
Goats has-part skin.
Goats has-part throats.
Goats have (part) brains.
Goats have (part) breasts.
Goats have (part) cannon bones.
Goats have (part) cell membranes.
Goats have (part) cells.
Goats have (part) chest cavities.
Goats have (part) chests.
Goats have (part) corpi.
Goats have (part) cytoplasm.
Goats have (part) ears.
Goats have (part) faces.
Goats have (part) heads.
Goats have (part) hip sockets.
Goats have (part) hoofs.
Goats have (part) horns.
Goats have (part) nuclei.
Goats have (part) piluses.
Goats have (part) plasma membranes.
Goats have (part) rib cages.
Goats have (part) second stomachs.
Goats have (part) sections.
Goats have (part) skulls.
Goats have (part) sterna.
Goats have (part) vacuoles.
Goats have a mobile upper lip, effective in nipping off plant parts very selectively.
Goats have all four sets of permanent teeth usually by four years of age.
Goats have an erect tail, sheep have hangy-down tails.
Goats have an excellent sense of fashion, they are usually very sharp dressers.
Goats have backs.
Goats have coats.
Goats have habits.
Goats have horns.
Goats have interesting personalities.
Goats have kids because they like to have sex.
Goats have legs.
Goats have lips.
Goats have many similarities to sheep.
Goats have more sensitive digestive systems.
Goats have neither the layer of body fat nor lanolin- laden wool that sheep have.
Goats have nutrient requirements.
Goats have quick short tempers.
Goats have requirements.
Goats have senses.
Goats have sensitive lips.
Goats have short legs.
Goats have strong digestive systems so they can digest paper easily.
Goats have their throats slit in front of others, often with dull blades.
Goats have thick coats.
Goats have very destructive grazing habits, as they can completely strip shrubs of bark and leaves.
Goats have wonderful personalities and are quite endearing.
Goats help eliminate thistles.
Goats inhabit habitats.
Goats inhabit slopes.
Goats lead with the jockey running behind holding the goat on a short length of rope.
Goats learn methods.
Goats learn same methods.
Goats life in mountains.
Goats like to climb and jump and require higher fences and gates in confinement areas.
Goats like to eat kudzu, and Mississippi is experiencing rapid growth in the goat meat industry.
Goats like to go under or through obstacles.
Goats like to sleep off the ground.
Goats like to stand in the middle of the road, always on a curve, or just over a hill.
Goats live in areas.
Goats live in barns.
Goats live in habitats.
Goats live in mountains.
Goats live in pasture.
Goats live in regions.
Goats live in same areas.
Goats live in terrains.
Goats live on ground.
Goats live on habitats.
Goats live on hillsides.
Goats live on mountains.
Goats love bamboo.
Goats love human companionship and are environmentally friendly.
Goats love it.
Goats love to climb to the top of the mountain, where the air is clear and fresh.
Goats lower heads.
Goats make a bleating sound much like a sheep.
Goats make an interesting variety of sounds.
Goats make good pets and show animals for smaller children.
Goats make great buddies.
Goats make homes.
Goats make manure.
Goats make milk.
Goats make more sense than that.
Goats measure their own worth by what society dictates.
Goats metabolize and store copper much differently from sheep.
Goats metabolize dewormers differently than sheep or cattle.
Goats milk more for flavor and because it contains less bacteria than cows milk.
Goats molt during a several week period in the spring.
Goats molt during a several-week period in spring.
Goats move freely in or out of the housing area and into the paddock or feeding area.
Goats move legs.
Goats naturally have horns with only the occasional goat being polled naturally hornless.
Goats naturally live in rugged mountain or desert habitats.
Goats need attention.
Goats need care.
Goats need supportive care.
Goats now has user registration.
Goats obtain food.
Goats occur at elevation.
Goats occur in habitats.
Goats occur in high altitude habitats.
Goats occur in mountains.
Goats occur in terrains.
Goats only have teeth.
Goats pay for clearing Grand Prairie rangelands.
Goats perform better on imported feeds, but the cost is beyond the reach of most farmers.
Goats play a positive role in slowly changing the existing pasture composition.
Goats play between angel and woman.
Goats possess a remarkable memory that can be a good or bad thing.
Goats possess genes.
Goats possess horns.
Goats prefer browse compared to pasture.
Goats prefer browse over grass and grass to clover.
Goats prefer brush and scrub over pasture.
Goats prefer brush, tree leaves and rough plants.
Goats prefer brush, tree leaves, and rough plants.
Goats prefer cliffs.
Goats prefer environments.
Goats prefer grass.
Goats prefer habitats.
Goats prefer meadows.
Goats prefer plants.
Goats prefer to browse.
Goats prefer to eat the leaves of brambles, hawthorn, and multiflora rose rather than graze pasture.
Goats prefer to eat young trees, bushes and vines, including kudzu.
Goats produce milk.
Goats produce several products, depending upon the breed.
Goats producing half a gallon of milk per day can raise two kids without supplemental feeding.
Goats provide an instant protein source for children, most of whom are undernourished.
Goats provide angora wool, a profitable export item.
Goats provide fur.
Goats provide good milk and meat at little cost and very handily.
Goats provide manure.
Goats provide meat.
Goats provide wool.
Goats reach ages.
Goats really complement cattle.
Goats really enjoy that.
Goats receive diets.
Goats require a wide variety of different types of plant materials.
Goats require additional hay, which is roughage, for their rumen to function properly.
Goats require energy.
Goats require feet.
Goats require food.
Goats require mates.
Goats require minerals.
Goats require some sort of shelter out of the weather.
Goats require tight fencing.
Goats require vitamins.
Goats require water.
Goats requires far less space and food than cows.
Goats reserves the right to snicker and make condescending remarks about stupid suggestions.
Goats return to bedding grounds after a day of foraging in other habitats.
Goats roam fields.
Goats roam freely in villages and alongside roadways.
Goats roam meadows.
Goats roam regions.
Goats roam the cliff where the famous lighthouse stands.
Goats run off.
Goats run wild on Bonaire.
Goats seek herbages.
Goats seek shelter.
Goats seem particularly sensitive to exposure to drastic changes in weather.
Goats seem to be more personable than cows, seeing their humans as part of the herd.
Goats seem to be more sensitive than other livestock species in terms of abortion in late lactation.
Goats seem to be more susceptible to parasites in grazing situations.
Goats seem to be unsung heroes with hidden talents.
Goats select habitats.
Goats select sites.
Goats separate only for illness or kidding.
Goats serve as animals.
Goats serve as draft animals and as a source of meat and milk.
Goats share environments.
Goats shed coats.
Goats show characteristics.
Goats supply milk and cheese.
Goats survive in areas.
Goats survive weather.
Goats swallow food.
Goats swallow their food without chewing it much.
Goats tend to be more prolific than sheep and generally give birth to more twins and triplets.
Goats tend to chew rather than lick mineral blocks.
Goats tend to have more internal parasites than dairy cows, especially in confined management.
Goats thrive in environments.
Goats thrive in habitats.
Goats thrive in pasture land too poor to support cattle.
Goats thrive in pasture.
Goats to drink water.
Goats typically have straight horns and sheep have rounded horns.
Goats use forest habitats.
Goats use habitats.
Goats use horns.
Goats used for meat production also benefit pasture and help to control many weeds.
Goats weigh pounds.
Goats wipe out entire areas of vegetation that the iguanas depend on for food.
Goats frequently show signsof oestrus during pregnancy.
Goats usually have the cattle strain.
Goats usually look for danger from below, so consider hunting downwards from the ridge-tops.
Goats usually remain at or above timberline and within reach of rocky outcrops.
All goats are ruminants with a four compartment stomach.
All goats are susceptible to cold, particularly in wet windy conditions.
All goats grow cashmere, except the Angora goat, which grows mohair.
Many goats possess a beard.
Most goats are descended from goats.
Most goats are descended from wild goats.
Most goats are horned, and horns vary from large and twisted to small and simple.
Most goats are located on farms.
Most goats are located on grass.
Most goats are seasonal breeders, and their season is initiated by decreasing daylight.
Most goats carry genes.
Most goats chew cuds.
Most goats chew grass.
Most goats chew leaves.
Most goats chew plants.
Most goats chew wheat.
Most goats consume food.
Most goats consume plants.
Most goats cross meadows.
Most goats descend from goats.
Most goats destroy environments.
Most goats destroy grass.
Most goats destroy plants.
Most goats destroy vegetation.
Most goats develop front legs.
Most goats develop legs.
Most goats develop lungs.
Most goats digest food.
Most goats drink water.
Most goats eat anything.
Most goats eat food.
Most goats eat fruit.
Most goats eat grass.
Most goats eat hay.
Most goats eat juniper.
Most goats eat lawns.
Most goats eat leaves.
Most goats eat meals.
Most goats eat oats.
Most goats eat plants.
Most goats eat trash.
Most goats eat vegetation.
Most goats eat weeds.
Most goats feed corn.
Most goats feed in fields.
Most goats feed in grass.
Most goats feed on clover.
Most goats follow mothers.
Most goats give birth to goats.
Most goats graze in environments.
Most goats graze in fields.
Most goats graze in grass.
Most goats graze in groups.
Most goats graze in mountains.
Most goats graze in valleys.
Most goats graze native pasture.
Most goats graze tops.
Most goats grow legs.
Most goats has-part bones.
Most goats has-part eyes.
Most goats has-part glands.
Most goats has-part legs.
Most goats has-part lungs.
Most goats has-part noses.
Most goats has-part skin.
Most goats has-part throats.
Most goats have backs.
Most goats have beards.
Most goats have coats.
Most goats have habits.
Most goats have horns.
Most goats have legs.
Most goats have lips.
Most goats have multiple births- more than one is the rule.
Most goats have nutrient requirements.
Most goats have requirements.
Most goats have senses.
Most goats have sensitive lips.
Most goats have short legs.
Most goats have thick coats.
Most goats inhabit habitats.
Most goats inhabit slopes.
Most goats learn methods.
Most goats learn same methods.
Most goats live in areas.
Most goats live in barns.
Most goats live in habitats.
Most goats live in mountains.
Most goats live in pasture.
Most goats live in regions.
Most goats live in same areas.
Most goats live in terrains.
Most goats live on ground.
Most goats live on habitats.
Most goats live on hillsides.
Most goats live on mountains.
Most goats make homes.
Most goats make manure.
Most goats make milk.
Most goats move legs.
Most goats obtain food.
Most goats occur at elevation.
Most goats occur in habitats.
Most goats occur in high altitude habitats.
Most goats occur in mountains.
Most goats occur in terrains.
Most goats only have teeth.
Most goats possess genes.
Most goats possess horns.
Most goats prefer cliffs.
Most goats prefer environments.
Most goats prefer grass.
Most goats prefer habitats.
Most goats prefer meadows.
Most goats prefer plants.
Most goats produce milk.
Most goats provide fur.
Most goats provide manure.
Most goats provide meat.
Most goats provide wool.
Most goats reach ages.
Most goats receive diets.
Most goats require energy.
Most goats require feet.
Most goats require food.
Most goats require mates.
Most goats require minerals.
Most goats require vitamins.
Most goats require water.
Most goats seek herbages.
Most goats seek shelter.
Most goats select sites.
Most goats serve as animals.
Most goats shed coats.
Most goats show characteristics.
Most goats survive in areas.
Most goats survive weather.
Most goats thrive in environments.
Most goats thrive in habitats.
Most goats thrive in pasture.
Most goats use forest habitats.
Most goats use habitats.
Most goats use horns.
Most goats weigh pounds.
Some goats affect cattle.
Some goats also have several different colors in their body.
Some goats approach mates.
Some goats are bleed to death.
Some goats are carriers and never show clinical signs of the illness.
Some goats are classified as feeders.
Some goats are easier to milk than others.
Some goats are located in villages.
Some goats are located on roads.
Some goats are tall and skinny, and some goats are short and round.
Some goats become problems.
Some goats become rewards.
Some goats browse fodder trees.
Some goats browse juniper.
Some goats browse trees.
Some goats can have kids.
Some goats carry bacteria.
Some goats carry diseases.
Some goats carry food.
Some goats carry meals.
Some goats carry parasites.
Some goats carry viruses.
Some goats carry worms.
Some goats compete for sites.
Some goats compete with tortoises.
Some goats control growth.
Some goats control height growth.
Some goats cross ravines.
Some goats cross routes.
Some goats descend from hillsides.
Some goats descend from markhors.
Some goats destroy fields.
Some goats destroy ground.
Some goats destroy habitats.
Some goats destroy leaves.
Some goats destroy pasture.
Some goats develop antibodies.
Some goats develop bloody diarrhea.
Some goats develop diarrhea.
Some goats die in fields.
Some goats dig holes.
Some goats eat corn and wheat.
Some goats eat corn.
Some goats eat herbs.
Some goats eat iguanas.
Some goats eat kudzu.
Some goats eat land iguanas.
Some goats eat paper.
Some goats eat roses.
Some goats eat seedlings.
Some goats eat thatchs.
Some goats eat wheat.
Some goats escape from farms.
Some goats exhibit lungs.
Some goats feed in mountains.
Some goats feed legumes.
Some goats feed tropical legumes.
Some goats follow aspects.
Some goats follow people.
Some goats follow roads.
Some goats go to farms.
Some goats go to fields.
Some goats go to valleys.
Some goats graze in districts.
Some goats graze in ground.
Some goats graze in habitats.
Some goats graze in hills.
Some goats graze in lawns.
Some goats graze in pasture.
Some goats graze in vegetation.
Some goats graze perennial grass.
Some goats graze tropical legumes.
Some goats have circulation problems.
Some goats have coughs.
Some goats have difficulty.
Some goats have diseases.
Some goats have dispersal tendencies.
Some goats have expectancy.
Some goats have fevers.
Some goats have infectious diseases.
Some goats have kids.
Some goats have life expectancy.
Some goats have nuclei.
Some goats have problems.
Some goats have ranges.
Some goats have specific weight ranges.
Some goats have strong tendencies.
Some goats have tendencies.
Some goats have warts.
Some goats increase erosion.
Some goats kid twice a year.
Some goats lead to fragmentation.
Some goats leave areas.
Some goats leave kids.
Some goats live in ground.
Some goats live in steppes.
Some goats live on cliffs.
Some goats live on farms.
Some goats live on steep cliffs.
Some goats lose body weight.
Some goats lose weight.
Some goats love fields.
Some goats make prey.
Some goats make proteins.
Some goats occupy cliffs.
Some goats occupy different habitats.
Some goats occupy habitats.
Some goats occupy many different habitats.
Some goats occur in meadows.
Some goats occur in patches.
Some goats play in fields.
Some goats pose problems.
Some goats possess antibodies.
Some goats possess babies.
Some goats possess families.
Some goats possess sex.
Some goats possess wool.
Some goats prefer hay.
Some goats prefer leaves.
Some goats provide blood.
Some goats provide food.
Some goats provide milk.
Some goats pull carts.
Some goats pull wagons.
Some goats receive care.
Some goats receive medical care.
Some goats require habitats.
Some goats require management.
Some goats return to ground.
Some goats seek environments.
Some goats seek habitats.
Some goats seek plants.
Some goats seek water.
Some goats serve as food.
Some goats show symptoms.
Some goats sit in fields.
Some goats stand in clover.
Some goats stand in manure.
Some goats steal food.
Some goats swim across rivers.
Some goats threaten habitats.
Some goats thrive in ecosystems.
Some goats thrive in farms.
Some goats thrive in ground.
Some goats thrive in regions.
Some goats use bluff.
Some goats use fire.
Some goats use rocky bluff.
Some goats use snow.
Some goats use straw.
Goats milk is a good substitute and near to sow milk.
Goats milk is a natural skin-softening soap for tender hands and skin.
Goats milk is considered to be very healthy in lots of ways.
Goats milk is milk.
Goats milk is used to make many dairy items that are both tasty and healthy.
Goats milk seems to be infectious.
A gobbledygook is jargon
Gobbledygook is a fun trivia game with questions about farms and farm animals.
Gobbledygook is a particularly American term.
Gobbledygook represents a pattern of stylistic flaws.
Gobbledygooks are jargon.
Gobi desert is cold during the day and night.
GobiBatch functions are available only to users with order-level passwords.
A goblet cell is an epithelial cell
Goblet cells account for more of the epithelial cells than in the small intestine.
Goblet cells are epithelial cells.
Goblet cells are numerous in intestinal epithelium they are interspersed among the absorptive cells.
Goblet cells are numerous.
Goblet cells are purple here.
Goblet cells are rare or absent and the epithelium appears low columnar.
Goblet cells increase in number from the proximal jejunum to the distal ileum.
Goblet cells look like a drinking goblet, with the pedestal or base toward the basal side.
Goblet cells protect the living cells of the alimentary canal from hard rough food and enzymes.
Goblet cells secrete mucus for protection.
More goblet cells are present than in the jejunum and ileum.
A goblet is glass
Goblets are all in pristine condition.
All goblets are available in all colors shown.
A goblin is evil spirit
Goblin isa belief.
Goblins are a little larger, usually one to three feet, but sometimes much larger or smaller.
Goblins are a product of European myth.
Goblins are adept in primitive magic, with many varieties of caster.
Goblins are dumb, weak, ugly, but very quick.
Goblins are evil spirit.
Goblins are generally wary around orcs, but sometimes find themselves slumming it in an orc horde.
Goblins are in awe of the elves, but take full advantage of elvish tolerance to play their pranks.
Goblins are masters of concealment and they hide in forests, where they are virtually nondetectable.
Goblins are now tinkerers, who do additional damage against siege weapons and factories.
Goblins are pranksters, and are known to rearrangitems in the house or tangle horses manes.
Goblins are short, ugly, and green.
Goblins are small, troublesome, and ubiquitous throughout the Mhorannese world.
Goblins are the most organized of the monsters.
Goblins ask mother.
Goblins generally come in three varieties.
Goblins have no permanent home, living temporarily in old trees and under moss-covered rocks.
Goblins multiply like rabbits.
Goblins respect dwarven craftsmanship, and do much less to antagonise that race.
Goblins retreat into house and attempt escape across roof and out into street.
Goblins rush in and grab everyone.
Goblins surrender, buy their freedom.
Goblins always attack in waves.
Goblins usually travel in familly tribes of eight to a dozen goblins.
All goblins satisfy themselves with single-swing attacks, exhibiting no cleverness whatsoever.
Some Goblins however are clever enough to realize that it is a successful recruiting tool as well.
A goby is a bony fish
Gobies affect anglers in several ways.
Gobies also are capable of rapid population growth.
Gobies also compete with native fish for food and spawning habitat.
Gobies also make good tank-mates.
Gobies are abundant on many of our shores.
Gobies are also uniquely suited to hunting in the dark.
Gobies are amazing experts in building nests using tin cans and other trash found on the seabed.
Gobies are among the most successful reef families, with literally hundreds of species.
Gobies are demersal, which means they are bottom-dwelling fishes.
Gobies are difficult to identify.
Gobies are fish.
Gobies are found in tropical and subtropical areas, including some freshwater species.
Gobies are ideal aquarium fishes in many ways.
Gobies are relatively small fish, usually reaching three inches in captivity.
Gobies are the rabbits of the undersea world.
Gobies are typically predators on a wide variety of small benthic organisms.
Gobies attach their eggs to a substrate , such as vegetation, coral, or a rock surface.
Gobies eat aquatic insects, mussels and snails.
Gobies eat fish food.
Gobies eat food.
Gobies eat mostly zebras and gain the concentration.
Gobies eat zebra mussels, which suck up contaminants from the lake bottom.
Gobies have (part) brains.
Gobies have (part) breasts.
Gobies have (part) cell membranes.
Gobies have (part) chest cavities.
Gobies have (part) chests.
Gobies have (part) corpi.
Gobies have (part) cytoplasm.
Gobies have (part) ears.
Gobies have (part) faces.
Gobies have (part) fish scales.
Gobies have (part) fishbones.
Gobies have (part) flippers.
Gobies have (part) heads.
Gobies have (part) nuclei.
Gobies have (part) pedal extremities.
Gobies have (part) plasma membranes.
Gobies have (part) rib cages.
Gobies have (part) sections.
Gobies have (part) skulls.
Gobies have (part) sperm.
Gobies have (part) sterna.
Gobies have (part) tail fins.
Gobies have (part) vacuoles.
Gobies have (part) vertebrate feet.
Gobies have (part) yolks.
Gobies have a reputation for being picky eaters, and live foods are certainly preferred.
Gobies have another troublesome habit.
Gobies have brilliant red heads.
Gobies have commercial importance in Russia and Ukraine .
Gobies have eyesights.
Gobies have heads.
Gobies have red heads.
Gobies have shoots.
Gobies live in flow streams.
Gobies live in intertidal zones.
Gobies live in streams.
Gobies live in zones.
Gobies live only in the , which means they live both on land and in water .
Gobies live only in the, which means they live both on land and in water.
Gobies mainly eat worms and small crustaceans.
Gobies need heat water.
Gobies need water.
Gobies reach maturity.
Gobies tend to lie above rocky, cobbly and occasionally sandy surfaces.
Goby gets habitat from the shrimp, and the shrimp gets service of vigilance from the goby.
Goby isa fish.
Goby shape, for the most part, is an elongated, tube-shaped body.
Goby survey in Great Bay, New Jersey.
All gobies are edible, but most are too small to be of much value.
Many gobies are adapted for bottom dwelling, feeding mainly on small animals.
Most gobies eat fish food.
Most gobies eat food.
Most gobies have brilliant red heads.
Most gobies have eyesights.
Most gobies have heads.
Most gobies have red heads.
Most gobies have shoots.
Most gobies live in flow streams.
Most gobies live in intertidal zones.
Most gobies live in streams.
Most gobies live in zones.
Most gobies reach maturity.
Some gobies become prey.
Some gobies belong to families.
Some gobies eat bivalves.
Some gobies eat fish.
Some gobies eat mussels.
Some gobies eat parasites.
Some gobies eat shrimp.
Some gobies eat zebra mussels.
Some gobies feed on plankton.
Some gobies get food.
Some gobies get meals.
Some gobies have black spots.
Some gobies have concentration.
Some gobies have impact.
Some gobies have ranges.
Some gobies have spots.
Some gobies live with snapping shrimps, others in corals.
Some gobies occupy areas.
Some gobies occupy prime spawn areas.
Some gobies occupy spawn areas.
Some gobies prefer sandy substrate.
Some gobies prefer substrate.
Some gobies reach adulthood.
Go-cart isa container.
Go-carts have (part) axles.
Go-carts have (part) brakes.
Go-carts have (part) handles.
Go-carts have (part) sections.
Go-carts have (part) wheels.
Most god music sucks.
A god is a spiritual being
God isa belief.
Gods abound, and they're out to use mankind for their own dire purposes.
Gods appear as powerful components of theory because they are modeled on powerful real organisms.
Gods appear framed in myth and color.
Gods appear in animal and human guise, manipulating mere mortals to guide the turning of the world.
Gods appear in dreams.
Gods appear most easily when they live in our consciousness.
Gods are a race of their own, whose power depends on the number of their believers.
Gods are abstract concepts.
Gods are attested from the earliest time of Egyptian civilization.
Gods are bad science, just imagination.
Gods are capable of love.
Gods are concepts.
Gods are creators.
Gods are defined as love.
Gods are defined as truth.
Gods are different, both genetically and psychologically, from people.
Gods are gods because they have unfolded the godlike.
Gods are humans who attain enlightment and are liberated from rebirth.
Gods are important in Pharaoh.
Gods are intelligent beings.
Gods are kind because the fish are there.
Gods are like that.
Gods are located in bibles.
Gods are located in churchs.
Gods are located in clouds.
Gods are located in compassion.
Gods are located in fiction.
Gods are located in heaven.
Gods are located in imagination.
Gods are located in minds.
Gods are located in museums.
Gods are located in offices.
Gods are located in synagogues.
Gods are love.
Gods are mortals, men are immortals, each living in the others' death and dying in the others' life.
Gods are on view for the first time and are now available for purchase.
Gods are part of people's desire to know how the world works.
Gods are part of religion.
Gods are part of trinities.
Gods are real.
Gods are sacred.
Gods are something people worship.
Gods are sometimes stars and planets, sometimes they are cognitive centers.
Gods are spirit.
Gods are such a prickly lot.
Gods are symbols.
Gods are the main guides in real life, the dead takes the role in the afterlife.
Gods are the people who own the database.
Gods are the witnesses of our great hearts.
Gods are used for hope.
Gods are used for worship.
Gods are useful if they instruct with compassion.
Gods are with ye yet.
Gods ARE writers.
Gods are, by definition, supernatural beings.
Gods ask big question for tribe.
Gods become saints occasionally, demons more often.
Gods bless all the families.
Gods call to lead.
Gods can be arbitrary.
Gods can become angry with each other.
Gods can die.
Gods can do a hell of a lot.
Gods can do whatever they want to whomever they want whenever they want.
Gods can move freely about.
Gods can rationalize where material objects can only causally explain.
Gods cause miracles.
Gods choosen people sure indured great devastation.
Gods come and go.
Gods come and Gods go.
Gods come, and gods go.
Gods comes to about our actions.
Gods create blind creatures.
Gods create creatures.
Gods create great sea creatures.
Gods create live creatures.
Gods create sea creatures.
Gods create world.
Gods deserve to look good.
Gods differ from human beings in a particular way.
Gods display similar and dissimilar nonverbal behaviors.
Gods do as they choose.
Gods exist as they are evoked to meaningful existence by the individual psyche.
Gods exist to devour information.
Gods fall down again.
Gods freely given love is unconditional.
Gods go begging .
Gods Go Begging .
Gods hate surprises.
Gods have an ascendancy over the angels, who are ministering servants.
Gods have no one to pray to.
Gods increasingly become culture heroes, men become deified.
Gods is a symbol of protection.
Gods know what.
Gods loving care is very close right now.
Gods make their own importance.
Gods multiply with bondsmen.
Gods need angels.
Gods never do cool shit like that anymore.
Gods only know what's out there.
Gods only know why, but it's separate.
Gods own private little mystery.
Gods perform miracles, demons do their bit and the life of the era is reflected in the carvings.
Gods plan for our lives is purity.
Gods play with humans.
Gods promise of renewed life.
Gods promise to all nations, that through flood no earth be torn.
Gods reveal answers.
Gods sass dog.
Gods speak with their mortal favorites as well as intervene on their behalf.
Gods stand guard over the doorway.
Gods strike down the mortal who dares too much.
Gods take on many forms in mythology and their roles are varied.
Gods There are many Egyptian gods, but three are the main ones.
Gods Throw the sacret score in the spring.
Gods too decompose.
Gods turn to act.
Gods walk the earth communing with their followers and warring with their enemies.
Gods walk the streets.
Gods wants our lives to be an exclamation point.
Gods work in ironies, too.
Gods always have their way.
Gods usually possess superhuman powers, but few are considered omnipotent.
All gods are one god.
All gods dispense suffering without reason.
All gods kill each other and all collapse, except the horned.
Every god has a picture and a story or facts about the god.
Every god is admonished and hailed.
Many Gods bless many Paths in life.
Many gods come and go, from one Eternity to the next.
Many gods have different names.
Many gods have oracles or avatars.
Many gods represent a part of the natural universe.
Most gods create blind creatures.
Most gods create creatures.
Most gods create great sea creatures.
Most gods create live creatures.
Most gods create sea creatures.
Most gods find it hard to walk and think at the same time.
Most gods have the manners and morals of a spoiled child.
Most gods reveal answers.
Most gods simply arrive without comment.
Some gods become men.
Some gods bring judgment.
Some gods bring terrible judgment.
Some gods create animals.
Some gods create beasts.
Some gods create evolution.
Some gods create flavour.
Some gods create kinds.
Some gods create men.
Some gods draw their power from the faith and awe of their devotees.
Some gods have gods.
Some gods have hands.
Some gods have heads.
Some gods have many names.
Some gods have more than one name.
Some gods have right hands.
Some gods have roles.
Some gods have stories.
Some gods have weakness.
Some gods help patients.
Some gods make men.
Some gods open spiritual eyes.
Some gods possess power.
Goddamn things are heavy.
Goddamned army's on the run.
Goddamned people are thieves.
Goddesses of love play important roles in the legends of many cultures.
Goddess spirituality is a new religion.
Goddess spirituality is currently the fastest-growing movement in the United States.
Goddess worship is everywhere in the literature and praxis of feminism.
Goddess worship offers people a way to honor the planet and the forces therein.
A goddess is a god
Goddess bless and keep the mighty Missouri River.
Goddess bless and keep the mighty Missouri.
Goddess is clay with pewter glaze.
Goddess isa god.
Goddess responds against damaging things.
Goddesses are deity.
Goddesses are women.
Goddesses have few gestures.
Goddesses have heads.
Goddesses have no enemies.
Goddesses sing laments over their dead sons, lovers and brothers.
Goddesses so pay a possessed dog.
Goddesses tend to come in groups of odd numbers.
Goddesses There are many goddesses in the Website.
All goddesses are symbols of insight and the gods represent compassion.
Most goddesses have heads.
Some goddesses appear to threaten patriarchal values.
Some goddesses can change how they look, so they have two or three different images.
Some goddesses govern death.
Some goddesses have choices.
Some goddesses help villagers.
A godfather is a godparent
Godfather wins with the death valley driver.
Godfathers can do the same thing for men.
Godiva hair is always a problem.
Godless culture is, of course, an enemy, but only in a secondary sense.
All godless pleasure is temporary.
Godlike corporations control the destinies of millions from invisible locales.
Godly attitudes prove success.
Godly believers are good citizens.
Godly believers are good neighbors.
Godly believers can be abundantly fruitful if they really forget past disappointments.
Godly character is like a beautiful house build on a good foundation.
Godly character is stressed in the classroom, on the playing field and in all social activities.
Godly character is the foundation for positive, lasting leadership.
Godly character is.
Godly compassion makes a difference.
Godly conspirators can never rest.
Godly contentment is great gain.
Godly counsel can help in making right decisions.
Godly counsel is.
Godly decisions bring blessing to our lives and families.
Godly deeds are the external evidence of true faith within.
Godly determination begins with basic Christian duty.
Godly families help build the church just as churches ought to help build godly families.
Godly grief produces repentance that leads to salvation.
Godly humility is perhaps the greatest of all Christian virtues.
Godly instruction includes developing respect for teachers and a willingness to be taught.
Godly joy brings no regrets.
Godly joy keeps the conscience clear.
Godly joy yields a lasting smile.
Godly leaders are role models to other countries.
Godly leaders bless our country and locale.
Godly leaders prepare a good future for our children.
Godly leaders value life.
Godly living is the opposite of ungodly living.
Godly love demands accountability.
Godly love has trust, and strengthens faith.
Godly love loves the unlovely and unworthy.
Godly love seeks to benefit others, while ordinary love is tinged with selfish desire.
Godly men are especially susceptible to slander.
Godly men are to be examples of sobriety.
Godly men produce godly theology.
Godly music has strong melody .
Godly parents instruct and nurture their children in the faith.
Godly peace is the fruit of justice.
Godly people admire and respect kindness.
Godly people are content.
Godly people make an impact.
Godly people worship with their heart and head.
Godly relationships are the foundation of a successful family.
Godly relationships help to build and develop strength in ministry.
All godly scholars agree.
Godly sex is an extension of the intimacy between a husband and wife.
Godly sorrow brings repentance that leads to salvation and leaves no regrets.
Godly sorrow Is repentance.
Godly sorrow leads to salvation and eternal life.
Godly sorrow seeks reconciliation and change.
Godly stewardship demands it.
Godly submission is the willing choice to defer to another.
Godly traditions help teach Christian life patterns.
Godly wisdom based on scripture is the most important way.
Godly wisdom is only for believers.
Godly women are foremost in every good work.
Godly women dress in terms of godliness.
Most godly women appreciate being pursued by a Christian gentleman.
A godmother is a godparent
Godmothers offers a form of reservations known as priority seating.
A godparent is a sponsor
Godparent isa individual.
Godparent isa person.
Godparent isa somebody.
Godparent isa someone.
Godparents accept responsibility.
Godparents are also welcome and encouraged to come.
Godparents are an example for our kids.
Godparents are our person to contact in case of emergency.
Godparents are patrons.
Godparents are really important.
Godparents are welcome.
Godparents assist parents.
Godparents assume a lifelong responsibility for the religious welfare of their godchild.
Godparents attend services.
Godparents can be confirmation sponsors for their godchildren.
Godparents can be of any denomination, as long as they are baptized.
Godparents have (part) arms.
Godparents have (part) body substances.
Godparents have (part) cell membranes.
Godparents have (part) cells.
Godparents have (part) corpi.
Godparents have (part) cytoplasm.
Godparents have (part) heads.
Godparents have (part) human bodies.
Godparents have (part) legs.
Godparents have (part) material bodies.
Godparents have (part) necks.
Godparents have (part) nuclei.
Godparents have (part) personality.
Godparents have (part) plasma membranes.
Godparents have (part) sections.
Godparents have (part) vacuoles.
Godparents hold children.
Godparents make a profession of faith for the person to be baptized if necessary.
Godparents participate in several parts of the liturgy and help the parents throughout the rite.
Godparents participate in several parts of the liturgy, and help the parents throughout the rite.
Godparents play a vital role in the faith of a child.
Godparents provide examples.
Godparents provide roles.
Godparents send cards.
Godparents serve roles.
Godparents shepherd our kids.
Most godparents accept responsibility.
Most godparents assist parents.
Most godparents attend services.
Most godparents hold children.
Most godparents provide examples.
Most godparents provide roles.
Most godparents send cards.
Most godparents serve roles.
Some godparents feel children.
Some godparents have faith.
Some godparents hold candles.
Some godparents receive documents.
Some godparents take responsibility.
Some godparents understand quality.
Gods love is vast and it stays true.
Gods love is wonderful.
Godwin family moves into publishing company.
A godwit is a wader
Godwit isa shorebird.
Godwits also have extremely long bills but their bills are bicolored and they are larger.
Godwits have (part) air sacs.
Godwits have (part) bird's feet.
Godwits have (part) brains.
Godwits have (part) breasts.
Godwits have (part) cell membranes.
Godwits have (part) cells.
Godwits have (part) chest cavities.
Godwits have (part) chests.
Godwits have (part) corpi.
Godwits have (part) cytoplasm.
Godwits have (part) ears.
Godwits have (part) faces.
Godwits have (part) flight feathers.
Godwits have (part) heads.
Godwits have (part) lips.
Godwits have (part) mouths.
Godwits have (part) nuclei.
Godwits have (part) plasma membranes.
Godwits have (part) quill feathers.
Godwits have (part) rib cages.
Godwits have (part) second joints.
Godwits have (part) sections.
Godwits have (part) skulls.
Godwits have (part) sterna.
Godwits have (part) talons.
Godwits have (part) vacuoles.
Godwits have (part) wishbones.
Godwits have much longer, thinner, upturned bills with a pink base and dark tip.
Godwits migrate annually between Alaska and New Zealand.
Some godwits have bills.
Some godwits have notes.
Some godwits join shorebirds.
A goer is a traveler
Goers evangelize in distant places.
Goers often feel inadequate for the task.
A goethite is iron ore
Goethite forms red pseudo-hexagonal crystals a few microns across.
Goethite occurs as bog iron ore at several points along the Wisconsin River.
Goffin cockatoo is playful and very interactive with the pet owners and get painful if they bitten.
Goffin cockatoo is very lovable bird in the cockatiel species.
GOIC experts deliver lectures and present case studies.
Going is accomplishment.
Going is actions.
Goiter can result from a deficiency in iodine.
Goiter is a condition that occurs from a deficiency in iodine.
Goiter is a condition where the thyroid gland is enlarged due to a lack of dietary iodine.
Goiter is a disease
Goiter is a general term that means enlargement of the thyroid gland.
Goiter is diseases.
Goiter is endemic in areas of low environmental iodine.
Goiter is hypothyroidism.
Goiter is only one sign of iodine deficiency.
Goiter is the most common thyroid disease worldwide.
Goiters are the most visible sign of iodine deficiency.
Goiters can be present at birth or develop later in life.
Goiters can cause swelling in the neck, leading to breathing problems and possible hypothyroidism.
Goiters develop when an iodine deficiency is severe.
Goiters vary considerably in size.
Goiter sometimes occurs without any accompanying abnormality of the thyroid function.
Goiters usually develop over many months or years.
Goitered gazelle are host to numerous species of parasites.
Goitered gazelle are hunted for sport, challenging hunters with their ability to run at high speeds.
Goitered gazelles are herbivores and generally eat grasses.
A goitrogen is a compound
Goitrogens are chemicals that interfere with the body s ability to utilize iodine.
Goitrogens are substances that has been shown to bind iodine.
Goitrogens interfere with iodine metabolism.
Some goitrogens are kale, cabbage, broccoli, rutabaga, and peas, soybean, and peanuts.
Goitrogenic foods contain substances that decrease thyroid hormone production.
Goitrous hypothyroidism is more likely to be genetic.
Goji berries are rich in nutrients .
Go-kart isa container.
Go-karts have (part) automobile batteries.
Go-karts have (part) bases.
Go-karts have (part) brake bands.
Go-karts have (part) brake light.
Go-karts have (part) brake systems.
Go-karts have (part) cabs.
Go-karts have (part) car batteries.
Go-karts have (part) car wheels.
Go-karts have (part) ceilings.
Go-karts have (part) cylinder blocks.
Go-karts have (part) emergency brakes.
Go-karts have (part) engine blocks.
Go-karts have (part) fan belts.
Go-karts have (part) fans.
Go-karts have (part) floors.
Go-karts have (part) fuel gauges.
Go-karts have (part) fuel indicators.
Go-karts have (part) fuel lines.
Go-karts have (part) fuel systems.
Go-karts have (part) fulcrums.
Go-karts have (part) gas gages.
Go-karts have (part) gas gauges.
Go-karts have (part) gas lines.
Go-karts have (part) gas tanks.
Go-karts have (part) gasoline gages.
Go-karts have (part) gasoline gauges.
Go-karts have (part) gasoline tanks.
Go-karts have (part) gear levers.
Go-karts have (part) hand brakes.
Go-karts have (part) headlamps.
Go-karts have (part) hubs.
Go-karts have (part) infrastructures.
Go-karts have (part) odometers.
Go-karts have (part) pedals.
Go-karts have (part) petrol gages.
Go-karts have (part) petrol gauges.
Go-karts have (part) petrol lines.
Go-karts have (part) petrol tanks.
Go-karts have (part) poppets.
Go-karts have (part) power trains.
Go-karts have (part) rear lamps.
Go-karts have (part) rear light.
Go-karts have (part) room light.
Go-karts have (part) second gear.
Go-karts have (part) sections.
Go-karts have (part) speedometers.
Go-karts have (part) suspension systems.
Go-karts have (part) tail lamps.
Go-karts have (part) thermostats.
Go-karts have (part) transmission systems.
Go-karts have (part) voltage regulators.
Go-karts have (part) walls.
Go-karts have (part) windshields.
Go-karts have (part) wipers.
Most gold alloys are a mixture of gold, copper and silver.
Gold badges are for life members only.
Gold badges indicate writers who are on the official communications team.
Some gold bars radiate heat.
Gold Beach has an excellent selection of motels, most with ocean views, and many fine restaurants.
Gold Beach has more to offer than an ocean view.
Gold Beach is a year-round angler's paradise.
Gold Beach is county seat of Curry County Oregon.
Gold Beach is surrounded by unsurpassed natural grandeur.
Gold Beach is the county seat of Curry County .
Gold Beach is very easy to find.
Gold Beach offers countless adventures and beautiful panoramas in a mild climate.
Gold beet can be sporadic.
Gold blades are polished brass.
Gold border does have some gold loss across the top which is illustrated in the second picture.
A gold braid is trim
Gold braid trims the edges of the door.
Gold bricks represent mineral wealth, and the white fox recalls the fur trade.
Gold bullion comes in many different forms and is struck by many countries.
Gold bullion is equal in value to gold eagles or gold sovereigns weight for weight.
Gold bullion is well known as the currency of last resort.
Many gold cards offer auto insurance coverage to rentals made with the card.
Gold case is in good condition with only very minor marks on back edge.
Gold certification is the minimum criteria for intermediate level instructor certification.
Gold chain follows the shape of the shepherd's crook easily, and can be glued to the cover as well.
Gold chain handle, open interior.
Gold chains are our specialty.
Gold chains can also differ drastically in quality.
Gold City is the most convenient place for shopping and is easily accessible.
Gold coast jasmine grow as shrubs.
Gold coin is coin.
Gold coin is honest.
Gold coins are extremely rare within the realms, and as such of great value.
Gold coins are non-reportable assets, for individuals desiring a secure, private investment.
Gold coins are now principally the province of investors and collectors.
Gold coins are the oldest and most precious of the coins collected by numismatists.
Gold coins pour on the ground.
Gold coins spill out and the newlyweds rejoice, adopting a finders-keepers attitude.
Some gold coins are still valid as legal tender.
Gold color is determined by the percentage of alloys that are included in the metal.
Gold color is new.
Gold colors are always solid brass.
Gold crowns are available on all dentures and usually are available through special order.
Gold demand continues to grow with world economies and is near record levels currently.
Gold demand continues to set records.
Gold demand has three components.
Gold demand is robust all over.
Gold diadem is in shape of flames.
A gold digger is a miner
Gold diggers are obvious quid pro quo relationships.
Gold discs are audiophile versions of regular CDs.
Gold disks work flawlessly.
Gold dragons are able to either breath fire or a cloud of chorine gas.
Gold dragons are emblems of the imperial family.
Gold dragons are often willing to help good characters on an adventure.
Gold dragons tend to be more magical then other dragon breeds.
Gold dust blinds all eyes.
Gold dust is gold
Gold dust is gold.
Gold dust makes an especially nice patio plant in the dappled shade.
Gold dust pour on one after another.
Gold enhancement works very similarly to silver enhancent.
Gold experiences are therefore phenomenally type-identical with fool's gold experiences.
Some gold exploration continues in the North Wales gold-field.
Gold extraction is most economical in large, easily mined deposits.
A gold fever is a fever
Gold fever does that to a man.
Gold finches eat thistle seeds Most birds eat seeds only part of the year.
Gold finches use upright twigs as a favorite nesting spot.
Gold finish is on plastic but looks like wood.
Gold finish shows some rust wear.
Gold fish are a big no-no on a camping trip.
Gold fish are goldfishs.
Gold fish are located in fresh water.
Gold fish eat the skin.
Gold fish have tails.
Many gold fish have fancy tails .
Many gold fish have fancy tails.
Most gold fish have tails.
Gold flake is obviously the premium conductive pigment.
Gold foil is a type of foil which is gold coloured and stops heat from going anywhere .
Gold foil is a type of foil which is gold coloured and stops heat from going anywhere.
Gold foil is foil
Gold foil is foil.
Gold foil is put onto to the sticky lacquer.
Gold foil is slightly darker.
Gold foil is used for the title and central column of characters to very good effect.
Gold foil is very, very thin.
Gold foil outlines the computer on the hang tag.
Gold foil sparkles delicately on the the graceful flowers.
Gold frames are good for accenting doorways and pictures.
Gold hair is called blond hair.
Gold investments have many forms.
Gold jewellery is made out of gold alloyed with other metals - it is specified as a carat number.
Gold jewelry comes in several degrees of purity, but it's all real gold.
Gold jewelry costs more than stainless steel or another metal.
Gold jewelry is always special.
Gold jewelry is an art.
Gold jewelry use tooth paste .
All gold jewelry is sold by the gram at discount prices.
Gold lace adds highlights.
Gold Lake has an expansive campus in a beautiful natural setting.
Gold Lake is a favorite for windsurfers.
Gold Lake is a fly fisherman's paradise.
Gold Lake is almost devoid of modern distractions.
Gold Lake offers excellent stalking along a path that skirts the lake.
A gold leaf is gold foil
Gold leaf covers the dome.
Gold leaf covers the ivory reels and parts of the animals.
Gold leaf enhances elaborate details of the room's woodwork.
Gold leaf has the magical ability to join color and light together.
Gold leaf is a very pliable metal.
Gold leaf is added by hand to the mirror.
Gold leaf is applied in a broken pattern to give an opulent patina to molding.
Gold leaf is applied to the front of the Tsa-tsa, and the back and sides are painted.
Gold leaf is easily one of the most romantic and empowering natural elements on earth.
Gold leaf is enmeshed in the colored glazes giving a glittering luminescence.
Gold leaf is extremely thin and very hard to handle.
Gold leaf is inlayed and painted over.
Gold leaf is made by melting solid gold and mixing in other metals to achieve the desired color.
Gold leaf is sold in packets which the devotees buy for gilding the pagodas and the images.
Gold leaf is super thin sheets of gold.
Gold leaf is the thinnest sheet of gold available to jewellers.
Gold leaf is the traditional metal used on books for lettering, edge gilding, and embellishment.
Gold leaf is thin, and are easy to rip.
Gold leaf is too expensive to throw away.
Gold leaf is used profusely.
Gold leaf mined in northern Georgia covers the exterior dome.
Gold leaf painted inside and clasp is a flower.
Gold leaf sets off the each face against a deep color tone.
Gold leaf tops the groom's cake and represents prosperity.
Gold leafs are gold foil.
Gold leaves appear in the fall.
Gold leaves brighten to white gold as the season progress.
Gold light slides down a red canyon wall.
Gold macaws have beaks.
Gold macaws have hook beaks.
Gold market is in a deflationary collapse.
Gold medal is a prize
Gold medal is medal.
Gold medal is trophies.
Gold medal is used for first places.
Gold medal rounds go into sudden death with the winner being the first to score.
Gold medals are a beautiful thing.
Gold medals are no assurance of anything.
Gold medals are radically subordinate to that goal.
Gold medals await the champions at the closing ceremony.
Gold medals become a way for athletes and commercial sponsors to make money.
Gold medals go a long way in making up for a chronic lack of political and economic clout.
Gold member get better display.
Gold members attend meetings for free.
GOLD members can place unlimited ads.
Gold members get TWO FREE autoresponders when they have sent in their payment.
Gold members have more closely integrated search capabilities.
Gold members receive a deluxe Web listing to make their business stand out from the competition.
Gold membership has other benefits.
Gold metal brings more fish to the net than silver or brass.
Gold metal has a distinctive yellow color and is incredibly malleable and ductile.
Gold mines are mines.
Gold mines are nearby.
A gold miner is a miner
Gold miner loses plenty.
Gold miners are highly susceptible because of toxic damage to the ciliary tree.
Gold miners are miners.
Gold miners are up in arms over the official gold sales and the consequent low prices.
Gold miners operate active claims yet today.
Some gold miners have pyrites.
Gold mining can have other benefits in addition to boosting export earnings.
Gold mining is also a vital economic activity.
Gold mining is also important, and uranium oxide, diamonds, and coal are mined.
Gold mining is for huge conglomerates and they are moving lots of earth to get it.
Gold mining is risky.
Gold mining is the leading industry, and gold is the chief article of export.
Gold mining is the second most important industrial sector.
Gold mining is the sprawling city's chief industry.
Gold nuggets are nuggets.
Gold nuggets make very nice gemstones.
All gold nuggets are one of a kind.
Gold oxides are unstable compounds and are usually formed by indirect methods.
Gold paint highlights the jewelry of the first woman.
Gold paint is applied with a fine brush making the form glow.
Gold paint is ok.
Gold paint is used for both, which really warms up the atmosphere in the composition.
Gold paint is used in almost all areas of the painting, aluminum in some, for detail.
Gold paint is used in delicate amount.
Gold paint is used in minimal amounts as scrollwork that adds some light to the scene.
Gold paint is used in the buildings in the background and to detail other portions of the scene.
Gold paint is used in the form of scrollwork to decorate the box.
Gold paint is used strategically to add light and give the reflective quality to the samovar.
Gold paint is used to add detail and artificially create a light source within the composition.
Gold paint is used to add minute detail to almost every aspect of the scene.
Gold paint is used to add to the richness of the scene by making it more detailed.
Gold paint is used to apply the scrollwork around the sides of the box.
Gold paint is used to decorate the exterior of the box in the form of scrollwork.
Gold paint is used to decorate the exterior of the box.
Gold paint is used to detail almost the entire scene.
Gold paint is used to detail and outline almost every feature in the composition.
Gold paint is used to detail the stars and moon in the sky, and decorate the characters' clothing.
Gold paint is used to outline the bottom of the princess dress.
Gold paint is used to paint the beading that frames the scene.
Gold paint is used to show the brilliant light of the sun and detail the dressings of the horse.
Gold paint is used very extensively to highlight and give detail to the piece.
Gold paint is worn as can be seen in pictures.
Gold pans are inexpensive, in comparison to most other prospecting equipment.
Gold pans are usually small, light-weight, and can be carried just about anywhere.
Gold pans require virtually no maintenance.
Gold plate is also available on request.
Gold plates are plating.
Gold plates are tableware.
Gold plating becomes an issue whenever cost orientation is in play.
Gold plating covers the surfaces of circuit boards and connectors.
Gold plating is also available.
Gold plating is available for an additional cost.
Gold plating is available For an additional cost.
Gold plating is available too.
Gold plating is available.
Gold plating is in exceptionally good condition and the green rhinestones are nice and clear.
Gold plating is nice to have too.
Gold plating is over brass or other.
Gold plating is over stainless steel.
Gold plating is real gold with the correct color to give an authentic appearance.
Gold plating is recommended for environments where additional corrosion resistance is needed.
Gold plating is used to improve reflectivity and corrosion resistance.
Gold plating is very kind of bath.
Gold plating is visible on the sconces and ventilation grills.
Gold prices are among the lowest in the world.
Gold prices are likely to increase further.
Gold prices are likely to trend upwards for the foreseeable future.
Gold prices are now above averages but the long term trend is lower.
Gold prices are stable, and the dollar has been rising against both the yen and the euro.
Gold prices tend to move in the same direction as oil prices.
Gold prices vary with ring size and the market price of gold.
All gold producers are welcome.
Gold production is associated with contribution to hazardous pollution.
Gold production is derived almost entirely from alluvial operations.
Gold production is seen as another area with potential.
Gold production is set for a major expansion.
Gold production is shown in blue and gross value is shown in green.
Gold production is small scale, but the prospects are promising.
Gold purity is important to industry.
Gold purity is measured in karats .
Gold records decorate the wall behind the bar opposite the front door.
Gold records hang on the wall.
Gold reserves are important in giving a country economic and monetary independence.
Gold reserves connote security, independence, confidence and value.
Gold reserves provide protection against future shocks.
Gold rings surround the lid and base.
Gold River is remote.
Gold rivets hold the copper bands in place.
Gold rum is a rum that has a golden color after being aged.
A gold rush is an occurrence
Gold rush starts on the upper Kern River.
Gold rush threatens Australia's green dreams.
Gold rushes encourage immigration to the new world.
Gold rushs are films.
Gold rushs are migration.
Gold salts are a good example.
Gold shaft is aimed specifically at helping the good player compete at an even higher level.
Gold shares seem to be doing better than the gold price.
A gold standard is a value
Gold standards vary around the world.
Gold stars make it shimmer.
Most gold stocks look to be good buys on a longer-term perspective.
Gold teams are the most competitive and have a significant travel obligation.
Gold tellurides are rare in Nevada.
Gold tone is nice and shiny.
Gold tone leaves.
All gold tone is brass plating over silver.
Most gold trading takes place by paper transfers between unallocated accounts.
Gold treatment is another options, using different forms of gold salts used to treat arthritis.
Gold treatment relieves the pain caused by active joint swelling.
Some gold wash remains and scabbard and blade have only minor dents, nicks or pitting.
Gold weight is approximate.
All gold weight is approximate.
Gold windows offer dependable strength and performance at a budget conscious price.
Gold wings ease over in a roll.
All gold winners are eligible for the sponsored Best of the Best Awards.
Gold wire is produced to meet the specifications of virtually all industry bonders and applications.
Gold wire is solid brass.
Gold abounds within the mountain's reach, as the sun filters through leaves to shine and glitter.
Gold adds more weapons and improves the original game.
Gold algaecides contain flecks of gold to fight the strongest forms of algae.
Gold allows the citizen to escape total reliance on the state-sponsored financial system.
Gold alloys The standard gold alloy is a mixture of gold, silver, and copper.
Gold also comes in different combinations where it is mixed with another metal.
Gold also dissolves in alkaline solutions of cyanide , which are used in mining and electroplating .
Gold also encourages homeowners to look for trees that touch the roof.
Gold also harmonizes the mind and affect the endocrine systems.
Gold also has a much higher specific gravity.
Gold also has the lowest infrared emittance.
Gold also is much less susceptible to corrosion than aluminum.
Gold also is used in electronic connectors and dental alloys.
Gold also offers the appeal of a safe haven during turbulent market conditions.
Gold also recalculates overage rent at year-end based on audited sales figures.
Gold also stresses Taiwan' s relative isolation and U.S. military and financial aid.
Gold also stresses Taiwan's relative isolation and U.S. military and financial aid.
Gold also tends to create a healthier environment for the gum tissue.
Gold are across from the pits and have a big screen TV, uncovered,unreserved seating.
Gold are different in two specific ways.
Gold are extraordinary.
GOLD are twin formulas for odor removal.
Gold attracts positive influences and it's connected with justice and career matters.
Gold backs each currency and therefore the system as a whole.
Gold believes they do listen, citing the thoughtfulness of their reaction papers as proof.
Gold brings a new standard of excellence to the realm of multimedia technology.
GOLD brings images of riches to our minds because it is scattered over most of the world.
Gold calls the time of industrial upgrading and the emergence of a political opposition.
Gold can also be very good.
Gold can be a helpful servant but a cruel master.
Gold can be a nice supplement to cash in times of uncertainty.
Gold can be white, yellow or rose a pinkish tin added to gold makes rose gold.
Gold can cause kidney and blood problems.
Gold Can cause nephritis, cutaneous or pulmonary hypersensitivity.
Gold can do all and find a rare island.
Gold can mean that something or someone is very good or has done very well.
Gold can prevent disease progression by injection or orally.
Gold Can Stay.
GOLD CARE Clean gold the same way as platinum, but make sure the soap is detergent-free.
GOLD collects a number of application modules that users can configure to their specific needs.
Gold comes from deep within the earth.
Gold comes in a variety of colors.
Gold comes in many colors.
Gold comes in several forms in jewelry.
Gold comes out.
Gold comes with Gold balls.
Gold commonly occurs in association with quartz, either as pure gold or as an ore.
GOLD connotes quality in our mission and excellence in our service.
Gold counsels youths to cast their experiences as verse.
Gold decorates the hilts of daggers.
Gold does best when everything else suffers.
Gold does exactly that.
Gold does little cooking nowadays.
Gold enhanced particles are resistant to osmium etching.
Gold excel takasago rims.
Gold faces outboard.
Gold filled has an actual layer of gold, while gold plated merely has a microscopic film.
Gold filled jewelry comes with a limited warranty.
Gold filled ring contains two neodymium magnets.
Gold fills many different roles simultaneously.
Gold focuses on the complexity of practicing ethnic solidarity and assimilation simultaneously.
Gold gives a nice image.
Gold gives an appearance of beauty even to ugliness.
Gold goes into the furnace, and it comes out as gold.
Gold goes on to note that there are drawbacks to using forensic animation.
Gold goes to first place, silver to second, and bronze to third.
Gold has (part) atoms.
Gold has a dull brassy look, a metallic look and feel.
Gold has a funny effect on people at times.
Gold has a generally warm appearance although silver sometimes tones in with silvery hair.
Gold has a high specific gravity so it settles to the bottom.
Gold has a little more beef to it than most standard ultra lights.
Gold has a long history of medicinal uses.
Gold has a metallic luster.
Gold has a much richer yellow colour while pyrite has a much paler yellow almost brassy colour.
Gold has a natural luster that easily distinguishes it from all other minerals or metal ores .
Gold has a quality to create a structure for healing within a light soul.
Gold has a sweet disposition and excellent ground manners.
Gold has a very exciting effect upon almost every individual.
Gold has a very low potential, carbon steel much higher and zinc higher still.
Gold has advantages over other commercial catalysts.
Gold has applications in radar equipment, home computers, satellites and the space shuttles.
Gold has both a financial and sentimental value in India.
Gold has certain monetary market value.
Gold has certain unique features that make it the most sensitive measure of inflationary fears.
Gold has different colors because it mixes with different impurities.
Gold has inherent problems.
Gold has interesting ties to the valley that include honey moons and hockey.
Gold has intrinsic value.
Gold has lustrous beauty, it's easily workable, it's very rare, and virtually indestructible.
Gold has many values to people.
Gold has mica particles to give the sheen and an earth color pigment to give the gold tone.
Gold has no cleavage.
Gold has no fatherland.
Gold has no power in the world of plants and animals.
Gold has real intrinsic value and uses.
Gold has several qualities that have made it exceptionally valuable throughout history.
Gold has sharp observational capabilities to predict the movements of others to some degree.
GOLD has special events planned and put together with younger grads in mind.
Gold has superior electrical conductivity and resistance to corrosion.
Gold has the longest lifespan, followed by amalgams and then composites.
Gold has to be mined from special ore squares on the map.
Gold has two big problems.
Gold has values.
Gold have a joint between the handlebars that can break.
Gold helps save lives on the nation's roads.
Gold highlights the fabrics of the season, providing elegance and a dramatic accent.
Gold indicates a general representation of the coverage area.
Gold indicates esoteric knowledge and spiritual development.
Gold indicates programming related stuff.
Gold inherently protects the individual against the destruction of currency values.
Gold is a better conductor than tin.
Gold is a blessing only lent, Repaid by giving others food.
Gold is a brassy yellow metal.
Gold is a chemical element, it is a heavy, soft metal.
Gold is a chemically inert substance.
Gold is a clock keeping the time.
Gold is a close fourth.
Gold is a commodity, a currency, a permanent store of value, a reserve asset, an industrial metal.
Gold is a critically acclaimed dancer and choreographer who has performed throughout the world.
Gold is a deep-persuading orator.
Gold is a dressier version of camel, and is a good choice with more formal outfits.
Gold is a frequent lecturer on a variety of legal topics.
Gold is a full service real estate firm offering unequaled programs.
Gold is a gift for a king, frankincense is a gift for a priest, and myrrh is a gift for a funeral.
Gold is a gift for a king.
Gold is a gift for the king.
Gold is a good conductor of heat and electricity and is resistant to oxidation and most reagents.
Gold is a good example.
Gold is a good investment for central bankers.
Gold is a graphical editor, browser, news reader, anonymous ftp client, and mail reader.
Gold is a great medium metal for jewelry, as it never tarnishes.
Gold is a great value .
Gold is a half a million.
Gold is a heavy, but also soft transition metal.
Gold is a heavy, yellow, metallic chemical element and is considered to be a precious metal.
Gold is a heavy, yellow, metallic chemical element.
Gold is a hedge against inflation over the long term.
Gold is a high quality, nutritious dry diet for ferrets.
Gold is a higher vibration of orange and yellow.
Gold is a major factor in SA's economy.
Gold is a material which can be used as a conductor on circuit boards.
Gold is a minor component of the Pelican River massive sulfide body in Sec.
Gold is a mutation of the red.
Gold is a narrow defination of wealth.
Gold is a natural element with a scarce quantity.
Gold is a potentially huge score.
Gold is a powerful stimulant to the immune system of the body.
Gold is a precious metal often used in coins.
Gold is a precious metal used for coinage , jewelry , and other arts throughout recorded history .
Gold is a precious metal.
Gold is a prestigious item that when donated is proudly bantered about for all to see.
GOLD is a program, which requires a commitment to attend all seminars.
Gold is a pure state is too soft for use in jewelry.
Gold is a real store of value and has never failed a man who has held onto it yet.
Gold is a regulated product which falls under the board's jurisdiction.
Gold is a remittive agent that can prevent disease progression.
Gold is a satisfying metal to work.
Gold is a scarce commodity.
Gold is a search engine promotion software.
Gold is a shiny yellow ductile metal.
Gold is a shiny, yellow metal , probably one of the most expensive on Earth.
Gold is a shiny, yellow, and ductile metal.
Gold is a show case for high-end websites that meet stringent design and content requirements.
Gold is a sign of power and blessing.
Gold is a soft metal with a number of interesting physical properties.
Gold is a soft metal, softer than most other metals.
Gold is a soft, yellow precious metal that is very valuable.
Gold is a speedy defender who shows the ability to run, hit and cover.
GOLD is a structured curriculum that is focused on five areas of Christian education.
Gold is a sunset during dinner.
Gold is a symbol of generosity and elevation of mind.
Gold is a symbol value and timelessness.
Gold is a too soft for a metal to be used in a gun.
Gold is a traditional inflation hedge.
Gold is a unique blend of thermogenic herbs that help burn fat and curb appetite in several ways.
Gold is a universal substance.
Gold is a valuable metal and a symbol of wealth.
Gold is a very ductile rare heavy metal.
Gold is a very fast diffuser in Si.
Gold is a very long-term store of value.
Gold is a very stubborn element when it comes to reacting to or combining with other elements.
Gold is a wedge that drives friends apart.
Gold is a win.
Gold is a yellow, dense, soft metal.
Gold is a yellow, noble metal.
Gold is about one-half that.
Gold is above moving averages and technical indicators are mostly neutral to bullish.
Gold is added to improve contact characteristics.
Gold is adsorbed from the solution onto activated carbon granules.
Gold is alloyed differently for a variety of reasons, including look and price.
Gold is alloyed to meet certain market and engineering requirements.
Gold is almost as soft as putty.
Gold is almost opaque to UV radiation.
Gold is already on press.
Gold is also a good reflector.
Gold is also a traditional means of protection from inflation.
Gold is also a very dense metal , making gold coins hard to fake .
Gold is also a very dense metal, making gold coins hard to fake.
Gold is also an excellent alternative for large restorations, onlays, or crowns.
Gold is also an option for finials, ball caps, and scrolls.
Gold is also available in tola bars.
Gold is also ductile, which means it can be easily drawn out into a wire.
Gold is also is a hedge against inflation.
Gold is also much softer than the pyrite.
Gold is also one of the most resistant metals.
Gold is also one of today's most liquid assets.
Gold is also shiney, making identification easy.
Gold is always appropriate in jewelry and trim.
Gold is always exciting to find, no matter where the world it is.
Gold is always gold colored, soft, and malleable or bendable.
Gold is always, always trying to work down, down in every little niche and crevice.
Gold is an affordable investment .
Gold is an element distributed pretty much everywhere on the globe.
Gold is an element in the transition metal class.
Gold is an element, but water is a compound, being composed of both hydrogen and oxygen atoms.
Gold is an element.
Gold is an example of how long it can take for an asset to recover from an investment mania.
Gold is an excellent conductor of electricity.
Gold is an excellent electrical conductor and is corrosion resistant.
Gold is an excellent first step in that direction.
Gold is an excellent hedge against inflation .
Gold is an exclusive program for top quality sites.
Gold is an extremely good electrical conductor and it is very resistant to oxidation and corrosion.
Gold is an extremely noble metal.
Gold is an inactive metal and it occurs mostly in the uncombined state.
Gold is an inert, biocompatible, highly durable material.
Gold is an interesting prospect as a possible flight to security occurs with volatile markets.
Gold is an invaluable tool.
Gold is an investment for the long run.
Gold is an investment.
Gold is anything but slow.
Gold is aspen.
Gold is attacked by boiling ferric chloride solution.
Gold is attractive, wears well and has been used in jewelry and for coins for millenia.
Gold is available by special order.
Gold is available for short putters or long drivers.
Gold is available on a custom order basis.
Gold is available on request.
Gold is back, too.
Gold is best.
Gold is better nor eatin' an' dthrinkin'.
Gold is both a monetary metal and a commodity, so it can t be purchased online with a credit card.
Gold is both for beauty and is an investment.
Gold is both malleable and ductile.
Gold is both versatile and very easy to keep looking beautiful for years to come.
Gold is bought by the pennyweight or dwt and Diamonds are bought by the pts.
Gold is bought, sold, traded, and stored throughout the free world with complete privacy.
Gold is bright yellow and has a high luster.
Gold is by far the most popular plating metal.
Gold is caught by riffles similar to the rocker box.
Gold is cheap.
Gold is chemical elements.
Gold is chemically inactive.
Gold is chemically quite inert.
Gold is close to some major mergers.
Gold is colour.
Gold is comedies.
Gold is conductors.
Gold is considered a store ofvalue during a period of inflation.
Gold is considered by all civilizations the greatest material asset which one can acquire on earth.
Gold is considered one of the most important metals in jewelry making.
Gold is consistently the most negatively correlated asset to stocks.
Gold is crafted by a goldsmith into various ornaments.
Gold is dead.
Gold is discovered around the Transvaal and in the Witwatersrand.
Gold is discovered at Georgetown, Queensland.
Gold is discovered in Alaska's Indian Creek.
Gold is discovered in Australia.
Gold is discovered in California.
Gold is discovered in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Gold is discovered in the rivers.
Gold is discovered on Gila River.
Gold is discovered on the Gila River.
Gold is durable and strong.
Gold is during early spring when all the bluebirds turn to sing.
Gold is easy to store.
Gold is easy to transport, difficult to counterfeit, durable, rust-resistant, and easily divisible.
Gold is elements.
Gold is emblematic of honor and achievement.
Gold is emblematic of of excellence and black recalls stealth.
Gold is everywhere in the secret kingdom.
Gold is everywhere on earth and in outer space.
Gold is excreted in rodent milk following the administration of auranofin.
Gold is exquisite, dancing, divine.
Gold is extracted from crushed gold-bearing quartz by forming a complex with sodium cyanide.
Gold is extracted from the deposit by treatment with cyanide and displacement with zinc.
Gold is extracted from the ore using sodium cyanide, a highly dangerous compound.
Gold is extremely inactive.
Gold is extremely inert.
Gold is extremely liquid .
Gold is extremely rare.
Gold is fairly easy to accumulate, but there's often nothing to spend it on.
Gold is fine to pepper grain with some wire gold.
Gold is for excellence and green alludes to the nurturing of life and growth.
Gold is for excellence of courage, character, intellect and soul.
Gold is for executive, legal, and business related site links.
Gold is for first place and silver is for second.
Gold is for half-dollars.
Gold is for secure.
Gold is for the mistress, silver for the maid.
Gold is for the richness of the people.
GOLD is for the richness of the people.
Gold is for the sunrise of new tomorrows.
Gold is for the value of truth and wisdom.
Gold is found amidst much dust.
Gold is found as nuggets or tiny pieces called gold dust.
Gold is found in abundance.
Gold is found in all fifty states.
Gold is found in black sand.
Gold is found in chests, or plundered from dead enemies.
Gold is found in Egypt mainly in the Eastern Desert.
Gold is found in many parts of the world but the major sources lie in South Africa.
Gold is found in nature, in quartz veins.
Gold is found in the moss and tree roots as well as in riverbank gravels.
Gold is found naturally in metallic form, being extremely inert to chemical reactions.
Gold is found on every trip of two hours or more.
Gold is FREE .
Gold is from gravel of crushed rock.
Gold is fun to find.
Gold is fundamentally different from all other commodities in one very important respect.
Gold is generated in a number of ways.
Gold is Generated.
Gold is given as a mark of status - from 'gold stars' at school to the crowns of kings and queens.
Gold is gold and it is as hard as it is.
Gold is gold plate on solid sterling silver.
Gold is gold.
Gold is gone.
Gold is good.
Gold is heated time and again to bring all the impurities to the surface where they can be removed.
Gold is heated to a certain temperature and then cooled.
Gold is heavier per pound than the other precious metals.
Gold is heavier than blood.
Gold is heavies.
Gold is heavy - it weighs over nineteen times more than water, and is almost twice as heavy as lead.
Gold is heavy metal.
Gold is here today and gone tomorrow.
Gold is highly malleable.
Gold is history.
Gold is honest money.
Gold is important because it is rare.
Gold is important to our whole economy.
Gold is in fact the first metal that man discovered.
Gold is in hot demand.
Gold is in mountains or hills, streams and rivers.
Gold is in private practice in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Gold is in quartz veins where water cooled slowly.
Gold is in.
Gold is indestructible.
Gold is intact, free of any cracks, chips, or crazing.
Gold is integral in maintaining car efficiency.
Gold is known to cross the placenta and it can reach significant concentrations in the fetus.
Gold is lent to jewellery manufacturers and other professional users of the metal.
Gold is like an ordinary ring Silver is like a metal spring.
Gold is located in churchs.
Gold is located in gold mines.
Gold is located in jewelry stores.
Gold is located in rings.
Gold is located in the fractured margin of the granite.
Gold is located in tooths.
Gold is located in treasure chests.
Gold is loved for itself.
Gold is made of one kind of atom-gold atoms.
Gold is malleable and the design can be stamped, cut, or formed with the proper machinery.
Gold is marked to market on a daily basis.
Gold is married and has two children.
Gold is massive.
Gold is melted using a torch that is fueled by natural gas and oxygen.
Gold is metal.
Gold is mined in underground or surface mines.
Gold is mixed with various other metals, in various percentages.
Gold is money.
Gold is more valuable, but also more easily shaped into whatever one desires.
Gold is much heavier than silver.
Gold is negatively correlated to stocks and bonds, so it makes sense that the price of gold is low.
Gold is no longer the asset investors hoard when other assets tumble.
Gold is no longer to be held hostage to American monetary policy.
Gold is no one's liability.
Gold is no stranger to the furniture business.
Gold is non-toxic.
Gold is now back in the middle of moving averages and tech indicators are mixed.
Gold is now below averages, is trending lower, and tech indicators are weak.
Gold is of course obsolete as a medium of exchange.
Gold is often in native found as tiny blobs along borders of sulphide crystals.
Gold is often mixed with platinum, giving it a light yellow hue.
Gold is one of a few that do.
Gold is one of Australia's largest export earners.
Gold is one of our most precious metals.
Gold is one of the densest metals.
Gold is one of the heaviest and most indestructible metals.
Gold is one of the heaviest of all metals.
Gold is one of the most liquid investments with no geographic boundaries.
Gold is one of the most popular metals used in jewelry.
Gold is one of the most precious metals on earth, but here is a city made of pure gold.
Gold is one of the precious metals that can be melted and molded into new forms.
Gold is one of the precious metals that has excellent corrosion resistance.
Gold is one of the precious metals.
Gold is one of the softest metals.
Gold is one of the world's most precious metals.
Gold is one, diamonds are another.
Gold is only pure when there are no alloys present.
Gold is our first content.
Gold is our life.
Gold is pale because it has so many thieves plotting against it.
Gold is part of our everyday life.
Gold is picked up in pure lumps, twenty-four carats fine.
Gold is planned for release by the end of summer.
Gold is power and strength.
Gold is power.
Gold is precious metal.
Gold is preferred, being more conductive and more easily sputtered than carbon.
Gold is pretty inert in most environments.
Gold is pretty, gold is money .
Gold is priced by the ounce.
Gold is probably better than silver, and platinum is even better yet.
Gold is quite soft.
Gold is raw and unassuming with a bold body but a very smooth coffee flavor.
Gold is really primo.
Gold is recognized and accepted in every country of the world.
Gold is recovered from ores as a cyanide.
Gold is refined by fire.
Gold is relatively easy to smuggle.
Gold is represented on the crest by dots.
Gold is revalued at market rate at the end of each quarter.
Gold is revalued at the end of each month, based on the London market fixing price at month end.
Gold is rewarded with a broken cue through the heart.
Gold is rings, dreams and whimsical things.
Gold is said to attract honor, wealth, and happiness.
Gold is said to be the color of spirit merged in the flesh.
Gold is scarce.
Gold is sectile and malleable.
Gold is similarly unaffected by most bases.
Gold is simply out.
Gold is slightly pinkish in color.
Gold is smelted in a crucible furnace to produce unrefined bullion.
Gold is so heavy that one cubic foot of it weighs half a ton.
Gold is soft or can be scratched easily, and it has a malleable and ductile tenacity.
Gold is soft, but easily polished and it is fairly easy to replace when it wears away.
Gold is soft, dense, and a bright yellow metallic element.
Gold is softer than other rocks.
Gold is sold by the company at the prevailing market price, either to the government or off-shore.
Gold is sold by the gram and prices change daily like the currency exchange rate.
Gold is sold by weight at current world prices, and every little extra is charged for the design.
Gold is sometimes present in such settings.
Gold is somewhere in the middle where prices are concerned, but has the most variety.
Gold is South Africa's main export.
Gold is split between buying available units and researching new ones.
Gold is steady and the dollar is strong.
Gold is still a central bank reserve currency.
Gold is still a reserve asset.
Gold is still possible if they can forget one shocking blow, and remember why they're here.
Gold is still the only universally accepted medium of exchange.
Gold is strong and heavy, yet extremely malleable.
Gold is strong, but can still be scratched.
Gold is supposed to be for cloudy days but it worked like a charm.
Gold is symbolic of the future with humankind in peace and harmony with nature.
Gold is symbolic of the warm sun, while silver suggests the cool moon.
Gold is taxed from the people and used for just about everything.
Gold is technically weak as it is below averages and it did settle below support.
Gold is television stations.
Gold is tested by fire.
Gold is tested by fired, men by gold.
Gold is the best conductor of electricity.
Gold is the best here.
Gold is the best material to use for telephone wires.
Gold is the best sound card ever made.
Gold is the cement that maintains retainers and keeps the successful and competent on top.
Gold is the color guests see as they enter through a gold-handled glass door.
Gold is the color of a nervous and tense mood.
Gold is the color of coat of arms of P rnumaa.
Gold is the color of fields, straws, wax and honey.
Gold is the color of hidden knowledge and wisdom, it is inner knowing and profound understanding.
Gold is the color of politicians, nobles and honored elders.
Gold is the color yellow - of light and the sun.
Gold is the colour and metal traditionally connected to the sun.
Gold is the country's chief mineral.
Gold is the devil's fishbook.
Gold is the easiest metal to work with that all the other metal and is also easier to find.
Gold is the easiest of the metals.
Gold is the emblem of the sun, and of divinity.
Gold is the exception because it is produced for accumulation.
Gold is the exception.
Gold is the finest and most solid of all the metals, yet it is soonest melted in the fire.
Gold is the gift for a king.
Gold is the gift that becomes a family heirloom.
Gold is the gift that can grow in value.
Gold is the gift that's sure to be remembered.
Gold is the great bloodsucker of wealth.
Gold is the headquarters for the very elite in the Scientological hierarchy.
GOLD is the higher octave of orange and shows spiritual paths.
Gold is the higher of the two awards.
GOLD is the highest followed by silver and bronze.
Gold is the highest level of certification available in Cisco's partner programs.
Gold is the highest level.
Gold is the important exception.
Gold is the international standard for money.
Gold is the leading mineral product.
Gold is the metal obviously.
Gold is the metal of choice for jewellery, and is often used in dentistry.
Gold is the metal of intellect.
Gold is the most common color.
Gold is the most ductile metal.
Gold is the most ductile of all metals.
Gold is the most important foreign exchange producer.
Gold is the most malleable and ductile of all known metals.
Gold is the most malleable and ductile of all metals.
Gold is the most malleable and ductile substance known.
Gold is the most malleable and the most ductile of all metals.
Gold is the most malleable metal.
Gold is the most malleable of all metals and soft enough to be cut with a knife.
Gold is the most manipulated resource on earth and seems genetically imbedded in the human psyche.
Gold is the most perfect metal.
Gold is the most precious of metals and symbols of all that has the highest value.
GOLD is the most precious of metals, the king of money, the standard to which our wealth is based.
Gold is the most sensitive and forward-looking indicator of monetary liquidity.
Gold is the most transportable form of wealth.
Gold is the most valuable, pure, useful, and durable of all metals.
Gold is the most widely traded of the precious metals.
Gold is the natural money of man.
Gold is the next pioneer in advanced multimedia systems.
Gold is the official state mineral.
Gold is the one and only perfect hedge against the inevitable crisis.
Gold is the one currency everyone believes in.
Gold is the only currency, and the different forms of mana can also be harvested.
Gold is the only external asset which is no one else's liability.
Gold is the only yellow metal.
Gold is the other common agouti, being black and gold.
Gold is the other prevalent metal.
Gold is the other way around.
Gold is the perfect gift for any gift giving occasion.
Gold is the perfect solution.
Gold is the perfection of terrestrial substances, and it is to produce gold that minerals evolve.
Gold is the perspective of unity and oneness of all that is.
Gold is the principal mineral export.
Gold is the queen of minimal-ingredient cooking.
Gold is the same in Arizona as it is in Texas.
Gold is the same price everywhere, but labour in Greece is cheaper.
Gold is the same price everywhere.
Gold is the snare of the soul.
Gold is the stuff of dreams.
Gold is the stuff of fine film crafting.
Gold is the symbol of riches on all levels.
Gold is the top level service.
Gold is the universal symbol of wealth.
Gold is there preference in jewels.
Gold is there.
Gold is thin around edge in places.
Gold is thought to be one of the first known metals.
Gold is to thee-ward' comes true.
Gold is too costly.
Gold is traded mainly in bars but is both traded and used in coinage.
Gold is traded on the world market, and the United States is a net exporter of gold.
Gold is trapped in bottle until lid removed, so that it can be used repeatedly before cleaning out.
Gold is tried by a touchstone, men by gold.
Gold is tried in the fire.
Gold is tried with the touchstone, and men with gold.
Gold is typically too expensive and copper has a peculiar appearance.
Gold is unaffected by most acids.
Gold is undervalued and has done well for the fund.
Gold is Undervalued.
GOLD is undervalued.
Gold is unreactive .
Gold is unreactive.
Gold is used all over the world.
Gold is used as a stain for scattering electrons.
Gold is used as buillon and in jewellery, glass and electronics.
Gold is used as the reflective layer on some high-end CDs .
Gold is used extensively in jewellery, for ornamental and decorative purposes.
Gold is used for computer chips.
Gold is used for decoration.
Gold is used for jewelry.
Gold is used for metallization.
Gold is used for the therapy of immune mediated diseases.
Gold is used in electronic equipment because it's dependable in extremes of heat and humidity.
Gold is used in electronics, among other things.
Gold is used in jewelry.
Gold is used in modern technology.
Gold is used only in modern jewelry design.
Gold is used several ways, but over half the world's yearly consumption is in jewelry and artwork.
Gold is used strictly to pay for initial build and company commission costs.
Gold is used to decorate the sides of the box in the form of filigree.
Gold is used to highlight the detail of the stylish portions of the characters' clothing.
Gold is used to open and activate the third-eye and crown chakras.
Gold is used to purchase new weapons, armor, and items from shops.
Gold is useful.
Gold is useless in the jungle.
Gold is valuable because it is scarce.
Gold is valuable because it is so rare.
Gold is valuated at historical price.
Gold is valued at book value.
Gold is valued at current market value.
Gold is valued at end-year market price.
Gold is valued at historical cost.
Gold is valued at historical price.
Gold is valued at market prices.
Gold is valued at the end period market fix for the reference period.
Gold is valued daily according to the average price in the London market.
Gold is very appropriate for a king.
Gold is very dark and rich.
Gold is very expensive.
Gold is very fine and black sand are a minimum.
Gold is very heavy.
Gold is very important to Arab women.
Gold is very malleable and ductile metal as well.
Gold is very malleable and ductile.
Gold is very malleable and easy to work making it the most popular precious metal for jewelry.
Gold is very realistic about the benefits and the challenges of the team concept.
Gold is very soft.
Gold is very useful in increasing the self-consciousness.
GOLD is very user-friendly.
Gold is very workable when used in very thin layers.
Gold is vitalizing and energizing.
Gold is warm, and silver is cooler.
Gold is warned for.
Gold is wealth.
Gold is what people demand in our country.
Gold is where the heart is.
Gold is widespread in low concentrations in all igneous rocks.
Gold is wonderful and beautiful.
Gold is worn for power, protection, wisdom, money, and success.
Gold is worn in some spots.
Gold is worth a lot of money.
Gold is worth more than currency.
Gold is yellow
Gold is yellow, and copper is red.
Gold is yellow.
Gold is Zimbabwe's principal mined export.
Gold is, and always has been a very steady priced, reliable commodity.
Gold isa metal.
GOLD Keep checking back.
Gold knows that nature experiments continuously, from ashes rises the sphinx.
Gold leads into gold, then into restlessness and finally into crushing misery.
Gold leads the list.
Gold leads the way on offense.
Gold leaves a yellow streak, while pyrite's streak is greenish black.
Gold leaves with a dark green margin, medium.
Gold lends a touch of beauty even to the ugly.
Gold lies ahead.
Gold lies in important gold bearing veins in primary deposits in the mountains.
Gold looks especially nice.
Gold looks hopeless too.
Gold looks newer than silver and works better with brighter tones.
Gold makes big claims that bear on world affairs, the wealth of nations and on people's reputations.
Gold makes collaboration easier and more efficient for companies running multiple servers.
Gold makes thin corrosion-resistant connections.
Gold means everything, silver means nothing.
Gold means independence.
Gold meets that requirement better than any other mortal being or thing.
Gold minivans every one.
Gold needs an image makeover.
Gold now represents a fifth of the value of Peruvian exports.
Gold occurs both as free particles in quartz and attached to or included in pyrite.
Gold occurs in some form in nearly all the counties of Idaho.
Gold occurs primarily in high-temperature hydrothermal quartz veins in extrusive rocks.
Gold Offers a complete package of proactive services for business-critical support.
Gold offers eternal challenge to government arbitrariness and coercion.
Gold offers unremittingly powerful material from exceptional artists.
Gold overgrows, encloses and cuts the above mentioned minerals.
Gold painted frame, appears to be wood.
Gold panning guarantees finding gold and a pan is provided with admission.
Gold participating sites represent top adult sites with outstanding design and extensive content.
Gold passes the blood-brain barrier in hamsters.
Gold plated bracelet is full size.
Gold plated connectors provide perfect conduction.
Gold plated copper contact pins maximize conductivity with no loss of data.
Gold plated handles indicate that the jaws include tungsten carbide inserts.
Gold plated handles indicate the jaws include tungsten carbide inserts .
Gold plated hanger stand holds single hanging egg.
Gold plated leaf has a ribbed effect that is very attractive.
Gold plated nuggets and ladies adorn the front.
Gold plated switch and connector contacts guarantee consistent performance.
Gold plated switches provide excellent reliability and durability.
Gold plated wire is the preferred method for re-stringing.
Gold plating prices are subject to change without notice.
Gold plays an all-pervading role in traditional rituals.
Gold primarily occurs in quartz-bearing shear zones that crosscut the original rocks.
Gold produces a deep, intense red color when used as a coloring agent in cranberry glass .
Gold provides the best protection against inflation.
Gold provides the highest reflectivity of heat radiation.
GOLD provides the most detailed and accurate monitoring of genome sequencing projects.
Gold reacts immediately to a dollar decline and as it moves, silver follows.
Gold reads a story with a smaller group of students.
Gold really goes well with it.
Gold really looks quite positive here on the long-term charts and the medium charts.
Gold recommends that adults slow down to catch up with the times.
Gold recommends that hydrazine sulfate be used in conjunction with conventional therapeutic agents.
Gold recommends that people use a licensed and certified pest control operator whenever possible.
Gold recovered by panning is mostly very fine grained but can range up to coarse sand size.
Gold refers to land and sand dunes, happiness, comfort.
Gold refers to the coat of arms of P lvamaa.
Gold refers to the fields.
Gold refers to the old-orthodox community and painting of icons.
Gold refers to the sandy beach and sun and symbolizes happiness, nobleness and heavenly truth.
Gold refers to upkeep only.
Gold remains one of the main non-currency means of holding money including laundered money.
Gold remains technically weak, below averages and below support.
Gold remains tempered among congestion and below moving averages.
Gold remains the most versatile of metals.
Gold represents achievement, dignity and honor.
Gold represents beneficial ingredients and activities.
Gold represents enduring beauty, purity and strength, all appropriate marriage sentiments.
Gold represents metropolitan areas.
Gold represents our standard of excellence.
Gold represents power.
Gold represents prosperity.
Gold represents sincerity of purpose, liberality, purity and generosity in mind and heart.
Gold represents the capacity to obtain the material requisites.
Gold represents the individual, the most important element of the organization.
Gold represents the joy and wisdom shared in growing up in a large family.
GOLD represents the mineral wealth of the country.
Gold represents the prevailing sunshine in the Caribbean and prosperity.
Gold represents the thin sand of the beaches.
Gold represents the value of Black people.
Gold represents wealth and jade represents health.
Gold represents 'wealth' because the metal gold is valuable.
Gold requires careful assaying.
Gold rules the world.
Gold rushes in the United States.
Gold says naturopathic medicine has a different focus than scientific medicine.
Gold says the key to the theory is helium's association with Earthly petroleum deposits.
Gold scrolls with the beginnings of the yellow flower bouquet.
Gold seek to raise the audio standard for PCs.
Gold sees it as a mixed blessing.
Gold sequin backing with mini gold bead loops that swing with movement.
Gold sequins on the bodice and black chiffon circular skirt over black lining.
Gold serves as a report card on central bankers fiat currency management.
Gold serves many medical purposes.
Gold shaded courses are non-surcharge.
Gold shows a sense of grandeur and prosperity, relating to a luxurious lifestyle that people want.
Gold shows some wear.
Gold shows very little wear.
Gold signifies the ancient wisdom lying within the soul.
Gold sold or purchased during the year is valued at transaction price.
Gold speaks at off-campus conferences, gatherings, and community events.
Gold splashes the hillsides as aspens and cottonwoods turn, A spectacular time for photography.
Gold stands for excellence, red for courage.
Gold stands for excellence.
Gold stands for generosity, wisdom, access, future.
Gold stands for glory .
Gold stands for progress.
Gold stands for service.
Gold stands for the fruit and aquatic richness as for the region and citizenry spiritual aspect.
Gold stands for warm sunlight, good cheer, and happiness.
Gold still faces two external threats.
Gold still has a role to play in the international monetary system.
Gold still is held by governments around the world as a monetary asset.
Gold still manages to stay busy in the kitchen.
Gold stored in the bank is always safe.
Gold streaks the east.
Gold strengthens all fields of the body and spirit.
Gold subtly highlights the value of quality that is universally revered.
Gold suppresses the inflammatory process.
Gold symbolises high standards as well as of the noble values.
Gold symbolizes a purity of relationship, a costly giving of self.
Gold symbolizes eternity, it is just the color it says.
Gold symbolizes excellence.
Gold symbolizes generosity, valor and perseverance.
Gold symbolizes sincerity, purity in life, generosity, and liberality in judgement.
Gold symbolizes the golden bonds of friendships that tie our members together.
Gold symbolizes the purity of spirit.
Gold symbolizes the upper world and the life-giving sun.
Gold tells great stories.
Gold tends to outperform other investments during periods of world tensions.
Gold tends to perform well when investor confidence is low.
Gold then decides to become an advisor in human relations, a shadchen, as a way of finding a wife.
Gold then decides to become an advisor in human relations, ashadchen, as a way of finding a wife.
Gold there is, and rubies in abundance, but lips that speak knowledge are a rare jewel.
Gold thinks that game was good playoff preparation.
Gold tops the shade chart.
Gold touches a deep part of our minds, conjuring up images of mystical places and adventure.
Gold transforms their clothes, adds lighting, and a playing gramophone as they waltz.
Gold transmutes all negatives.
Gold turns gold into more gold leaving little breath for seeing.
Gold used in jewelry is an alloy.
Gold used in jewelry is mixed with harder metals for strength and durability.
Gold used in jewlery is mixed with harder metals for strength and durability.
Gold wants to be free.
GOLD Wash in warm soapy water, dry with a cloth and polish with a chamois.
Gold's a devilish sort of thing anyway.
Golds are comfortable with doing things that help others manage the details of life.
Golds are goal-oriented Golds see life as something to plan out and anticipate.
Golds are interested in completion.
Golds are less successful.
Golds are likely to be very formal about their goal-setting.
Golds are more than two years old.
Golds are on the rise, and russets continue to be important.
Golds are responsible Golds are often incapable of refusing added responsibility.
Golds are slightly better than Silvers, especially for defense.
Golds are society's protectors and administrators - of people, goods, schedules and services.
Golds love to make decisions.
Golds make great referees.
Golds melt with radiance while yellows gleam amber.
Golds see it as a job to be done, and it is their opportunity and responsibility to do it.
Golds tend to prefer Judging and Oranges tend to prefer Perceiving.
Gold always has that extra luster to it.
Gold always has value, always has an international value.
Gold always works as a leading indicator for inflation.
Gold often acts as a hedge against inflation.
Gold often establishes the standard by which wealth is measured.
Gold often forms octaheral, dodecahedral and cubic crystals.
Gold sometimes occurs in nature in combination with tellurium in the mineral sylvanite.
Gold usually occurs in the native state as metal.
All gold crowns, a lost art .
All Gold is a deep golden yellow.
All gold is intact.
Many gold plated items have a white nickel plate under the final gold plate.
More gold is found every year.
Most gold has values.
Most gold is found in rocks and at the bottom of rivers.
Most gold is found in the metallic state in the form of dust, grains, flakes, or nuggets.
Most gold is mined and comes from gravels and quarts veins or is associated with pyrites deposits.
Most Gold is mined from ore , containing tiny amounts of Gold in the ore.
Most gold is retrieved in a metallic state in the form of dust, grains, flakes, or nuggets.
Most gold is sold to Indian nationals.
Most Golds have very few wrinkles there.
Most Golds prefer the Spartan school of office decor.
Some gold conducts electricity.
Some gold contains elements.
Some gold covered chocolate coins make a great treasure.
Some gold has conductivity.
Some gold has high conductivity.
Some gold has high thermal conductivity.
Some gold has thermal conductivity.
Some gold is produced.
A golden age is a period
Golden age is slightly tarnished.
All golden ages are mythic.
Golden aspen leaves on Mt. Graham.
Golden aspen shimmering in the fall provide an unequaled panoramic view.
Golden autumn is just a good time to cozy up with the Bible.
Golden bamboo lemurs have fur.
Golden bamboo lemurs have golden fur.
Golden bandicoots dig burrows.
Golden bandicoots occur in regions.
Most golden bandicoots occur in regions.
Golden Bay is also most popular with tourists.
Golden Bay is surrounded by small villages and countryside.
Golden beets have a more subtle taste then red beets, but they are delicate in other ways, too.
Golden beets make a nice change of pace and color contrast in salads and relish trays.
Golden beginnings light our magic saffron wings waiting still and shy.
Golden berries are very sweet, large to very large, conical, soft, juicy, and non-crumbling.
Golden beryl is a lemon yellow to a golden yellow variety.
Golden boards have some marks.
Golden bones encrust the brink.
Golden Books Have lots of pokemon fun here with games and information.
Golden Books Join the club and get a free book for kids.
Golden brightness is the natural color of enlightenment and the intellect.
Golden bronze is persimmon and beech.
Golden center symbolizes wealth and mentality.
Golden chariots are pulled by horses.
Golden chariots are pulled by white horses.
Most golden chariots are pulled by horses.
Most golden chariots are pulled by white horses.
Golden chick fits into festive egg to hatch on cue.
Golden chicks are easy to sex when very young.
Golden Coast strives to be on the cutting edge of technology.
Golden code is the final version of the learning program, which has been tested.
Golden colour being a dominant character, it prevails in the offspring.
Golden coral is also the product of bleaching.
Golden crabs are available in moderate supply year round.
Golden crabs are the largest crustacean on the continental slope off Florida.
Golden crowns hang down from the dancing angels' olive branches.
A golden crownbeard is a flower
Golden crownbeard is a taprooted annual up to three feet tall.
Golden currant has wide ecological amplitude.
Golden currant is somewhat shade tolerant.
Golden currant produces fragrant blooms in spring, tasty currants in summer and red foliage in fall.
Golden currants have a soft golden-colored blossom that eventually changes to a rose color.
Golden Cycle expects no material changes from the audit.
Golden days can be dangerous because they encourage complacency.
Golden delicious is a good pollenizer.
Golden dewdrop is easy to grow and does best in sun to partial shade.
Golden domes cap the surrounding hills and the harbor stirs with activity.
Golden Dragon features Cantonese cuisine in exotic Oriental surroundings.
Golden Dragon is a bustling, grand space, with tables that can accommodate large families.
A golden eagle is an eagle
Golden eagles acquire their adult plumage within approximately five years.
Golden eagles are also popular in the islands.
Golden eagles are among the true eagle group.
Golden eagles are birds.
Golden eagles are carnivores, feeding primarily on rodents and other small mammals.
Golden eagles are classic buteos, with long, rounded wings.
Golden eagles are eagles.
Golden eagles are large birds of prey with wingspans exceeding seven feet.
Golden eagles are likely to abandon nests during incubation if they are disturbed.
Golden eagles are magnificent predators of remote, mountainous areas.
Golden eagles are massive birds and a group of migrating eagles is an impressive sight to behold.
Golden eagles are monogamous and often form permanent pair bonds.
Golden eagles are most likely to use trees for nesting if cliff sites are unavailable.
Golden eagles are mostly silent, except during the breeding season.
Golden eagles are North America's largest predatory bird.
Golden eagles are primarily dark brown, but get their name from their golden nape.
Golden eagles are rare in Maryland.
Golden eagles are shy and wary of man.
Golden eagles are solitary unless part of a mated pair.
Golden eagles are usually solitary or in pairs.
Golden eagles attack young lambs.
Golden eagles can kill reindeer.
Golden eagles eat rabbits, hares, ground squirrels, and birds.
Golden eagles form long-term pair bonds.
Golden eagles get their name from the gold-colored feathers on their head and neck.
Golden eagles get their name from the metallic shine of the head and neck feathers.
Golden eagles have beaks.
Golden eagles have excellent eyesights.
Golden eagles have eyesights.
Golden eagles have few predators.
Golden eagles have heads.
Golden eagles have hook beaks.
Golden eagles impact the populations of the animals that they prey on.
Golden eagles kill collar peccaries.
Golden eagles kill goats.
Golden eagles kill large prey.
Golden eagles kill peccaries.
Golden eagles kill prey.
Golden eagles live in the Scottish Highlands .
Golden eagles live in the Scottish Highlands.
Golden eagles patrol the higher elevations and ridgetops.
Golden eagles seem to prefer to build their nests on cliffs where they are available.
Golden eagles soar in the blue sky over the bountiful home of mountain lions.
Golden eagles soar the skies in search of an afternoon meal.
Golden eagles spot jackrabbits.
Golden eagles stand as sentries at the gates.
Golden eagles visit the peaks.
Most golden eagles have beaks.
Most golden eagles have excellent eyesights.
Most golden eagles have eyesights.
Most golden eagles have heads.
Most golden eagles kill collar peccaries.
Most golden eagles kill large prey.
Most golden eagles kill peccaries.
Most golden eagles kill prey.
Some golden eagles are sedentary, and others are migratory.
Some golden eagles are sedentary, remaining in the same territory all year.
Some golden eagles avoid areas.
Some golden eagles avoid urban areas.
Some golden eagles feed on fawns.
Some golden eagles have natural predators.
Some golden eagles have predators.
Some golden eagles reach maturity.
Some golden eagles reach sexual maturity.
Golden ear refers to the agriculture.
Golden ear symbolizes the fertile land and agriculture.
Golden feverfew is a versatile plant, growing well in part shade or in full sun.
Golden feverfew is easy to grow from seed.
Golden Fleece is a murder mystery set on a starship.
Golden Fleece is suspenseful, entertaining, inventive, thought-provoking, and funny.
Some golden fluid is secreted by livers.
Golden foliage adds a nice color contrast for rock gardens and edges of flower beds.
Golden frogs have ranges.
Golden frogs have skin.
Golden frogs have smooth skin.
Golden frogs hear through their skins, and communicate with each other by waving their front feet.
Golden frogs produce offspring.
Golden frogs share habitats.
All golden frogs are diurnal, or active during the day.
Most golden frogs have ranges.
Most golden frogs have skin.
Most golden frogs have smooth skin.
Most golden frogs produce offspring.
Some golden frogs attract attention.
Some golden frogs have production.
Some golden frogs obtain poison.
Golden geckos are an arboreal species native to Vietnam.
Golden geckos are available in many pet stores and from many breeders.
Golden geckos regenerate tails.
Golden geckos require adequate hiding places, as they spend most daylight hours out of sight.
Some golden geckos enjoy diets.
Some golden geckos excrete liquids.
Some golden geckos excrete smell liquids.
Some golden geckos require light.
Golden glove is a hard award to get.
Golden hair can be wavy or straight.
Golden hair is lots prettier than brown.
A golden hamster is a hamster
Golden hamsters are domestic pets.
Golden hamsters are hamsters.
Golden hamsters are mammals.
Golden hamsters are native to the Middle Eastern country of Syria.
Golden hamsters are quite happy kept as single animals and often fight if kept in groups.
Golden hamsters are solitary animals in the wild.
Golden hamsters live for years.
Golden hamsters mark their burrows with secretions from special scent glands on their hips.
Most golden hamsters live for years.
Some golden hamsters have breeds.
Golden Hill is seen as a highly successful and progressive school.
Golden Hill is the site of downtown Bridgeport.
More golden hills are in the way.
Golden honey adds a touch of sweetness.
Golden hops can brighten a partially shady area.
Golden images can contain the operating system, patches, applications, and customizations.
Golden images exist as pax, tar, or cpio archives.
Golden jackals are omnivorous, eating small mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, and carrion.
Golden jackals catch hares.
Golden jackals have resemblance.
Golden jackals have strong resemblance.
Golden jackals hunt gazelles.
Golden jackals inhabit areas.
Golden jackals live eight to nine years in the wild and up to sixteen in captivity.
Golden jackals live in mated pairs and are strictly monogamous.
Golden jackals occur in areas.
Golden jackals prefer dry open country, arid short grasslands and steppe landscapes.
Golden jackals thrive in diverse habitats.
Golden jackals thrive in habitats.
Golden jackals use a wide inventory of howls to locate one another.
Most golden jackals have resemblance.
Most golden jackals have strong resemblance.
Most golden jackals inhabit areas.
Most golden jackals occur in areas.
Most golden jackals thrive in diverse habitats.
Most golden jackals thrive in habitats.
Some golden jackals have distribution.
Some golden jackals kill pups.
Some golden jackals reach maturity.
Some golden jackals reach sexual maturity.
Golden jessamine is a tall and rather lanky shrub.
Golden jewelry is taken from the women.
Golden langurs are diurnal and spend most of their time in the upper part of the trees.
Golden lemurs have fur.
Golden lemurs have golden fur.
Most golden lemurs have fur.
Most golden lemurs have golden fur.
Some golden lemurs eat bamboo.
Some golden lemurs eat giant bamboo.
Golden light hits the tops the trees across the field.
Golden lion tamarins defend territory.
Golden lion tamarins eat fruit.
Golden lion tamarins eat sweet fruit.
Golden lion tamarins feed on fruit.
Golden lion tamarins have molar teeth.
Golden lion tamarins have teeth.
Golden lion tamarins use fingers.
Golden lion tamarins groom much like other primates.
Golden lion tamarins groom themselves much like other primates.
Golden lion tamarins sleep as a group in hollow tree cavities or in dense vines and epiphytes .
Golden lion tamarins sleep in tree holes for warmth and protection from predators at night.
Golden lions have diets.
Golden lions have limit distribution ranges.
Golden lions have limit ranges.
Golden lions have ranges.
Golden lions live primarily in the trees.
Most golden lions have diets.
Most golden lions have limit ranges.
Most golden lions have ranges.
Some golden lions have individuals.
Golden marmots produce a single alarm call and vary the number of times they call according to risk.
Golden material is hot glued to wood.
A golden mole is a mole
Golden moles are active day or night.
Golden moles are moles.
Golden moles inhabit sandy areas, plains, forests, and cultivated areas.
Golden moles live nomadic lives, swimming in the sands and foregoing permanent burrows.
Golden moles resemble moles .
Golden moles resemble moles.
Golden moments do.
Some golden monkeys live at zoos.
Golden mushrooms glow on the forest floor.
Golden nugget is shaped like a small pumpkin and has a pronounced pumpkin taste.
Many golden nuggets await the industrious, persistent and seeking minds.
Golden Ocean is proud to be the owner of one of the youngest major fleets in the world.
Golden ones are rare, while bronze and brown dragons can mate with the queen.
Golden opportunities exist.
Golden opportunities lie before our eyes.
Golden orb weaving spiders prey items include flies, beetles, locusts, wood moths and cicadas.
Golden paintbrush is listed as threatened under the federal Endangered Species Act.
A golden parachute is a step
Golden parachutes protect the top guys, so there's no empathy.
All Golden passports are non-transferrable.
Golden petals surround copper-salmon centers.
A golden pheasant is a pheasant
Golden pheasant stands on left leg.
Golden pheasant stands on right leg.
Golden pheasants are great.
Golden pine refers to location along the sea, beach and pine forests.
A golden plover is a plover
Golden Plovers have a white wing stripe but lack the black subterminal tail band.
Golden plums grow on ancient trees.
Golden plums grow on trees.
Most golden plums grow on ancient trees.
Most golden plums grow on trees.
Golden pond exists only in our hearts and imaginations.
Golden possums are native to Tasmania and are very rare.
Some golden privets grow feet.
Golden promises count for nothing.
Golden race becomes guardian spirits.
Golden ragwort is a native prairie wildflower.
Golden raspberries are truly a special treat.
Golden raspberries produce berries.
Most golden raspberries produce berries.
Golden rays encircling the seal represent the blazing sun.
A golden retriever is a retriever
Golden retrievers are beautiful, joyous, dumb blonds.
Golden retrievers are best at cooperating.
Golden retrievers are breeds of dog.
Golden retrievers are dogs.
Golden retrievers are extremely well tempered Golden retrievers train very easily.
Golden retrievers are nice loveable dogs.
Golden retrievers are retrievers.
Golden retrievers are usually amenable to conditioning.
Golden retrievers avoid both change and conflict.
Golden retrievers come in any color between blonde and a deep golden red.
Golden retrievers have a strong, muscular build, with a level top-line.
Golden retrievers have such wonderful attributes.
Golden retrievers love the water.
Golden Retrievers make good service dogs because of their intelligence and good temperament.
Golden retrievers make great pets.
Golden retrievers tend to have a high rate of cancer, likely because of a genetic problem.
Golden retrievers train very easily.
Golden rhododendrons are in bud, growing low enough to be a ground cover hugging the slopes.
Golden rice counteracts the phytate and provides ample dietary iron.
Golden rice has all the feel-good ingredients of a strong brand.
Golden rice is one of many proven examples of biotechnology benefits.
Golden Rice sets up an excellent model.
Golden Rock offers free shuttle service to the town of Charlestown and to the private beaches.
Golden root seems to be an adaptogen with many uses for our good health.
A golden rule is a rule
Golden rule is decent but they have harsh underwriting.
Golden rule is fine but flawed.
Golden Rule is righteous.
Golden rules are morals.
Golden rules are rules.
Golden rules are teaching.
Golden rules are to foresee the worst, and test it first.
Golden rules forreducing risk For a cross-border investor, currency risk is paramount.
A golden seal is a herb
Golden seal is a small perennial plant.
Golden seal is harder to grow than kids.
Golden seal is one of the most expensive herbs on the plant because it is very difficult to grow.
Golden Seal is one of the premier botanicals of the herbal world.
Golden Seal is specific for all problems of the mucous membranes.
Golden Seal is used to treat alcohol addiction, and in skin preparations.
Golden seal lowers blood sugar and is a source of natural insulin.
Golden seals follow fishing boats to meals.
Golden shares are special stock shares that allow the government to control a company.
A golden shiner is a shiner
Golden shiners are available at bait and tackle shops throughout the area.
Golden shiners are fish.
Golden shiners are shiners.
Golden shiners are silvery with a hint of gold and often lose scales when handled.
Golden shiners are the favorite bait of most winter fishermen.
Golden shiners feed on planktonic crustaceans, aquatic insects, and algae.
Golden shiners grow rapidly and reach maturity at age two.
Golden shiners produce the larger fish.
Golden showers are too.
Golden showers pee.
Golden showers piss tapes.
Golden silence has an even greater effect when it accumulates.
Golden spirals Construct a golden spiral.
Golden stamens complete the picture.
A golden star is a bulbous plant
Golden Star is thought to have a promising portfolio of exploration sites.
Golden star symbolizes light and knowledge.
Golden State has a solid ethics platform regarding care, breeding and exhibiting.
Golden State is a thrift in California that gets no respect at all.
Golden State thinks it can be better if it just stays healthy.
Golden stones are active mid afternoon on.
Golden sunlight pours through a wall of windows onto the hardwood floors of the second-floor studio.
Golden sunshine pours in from above.
Golden Takins communicate using a variety of body postures.
Golden takins have necks.
Most golden takins have necks.
Golden tamaracks tint the mountains and red sumac paint the creek banks.
Golden tamarins eat fruit.
Golden tamarins eat sweet fruit.
Golden tamarins have molar teeth.
Golden tamarins have teeth.
Golden tamarins use fingers.
Most golden tamarins eat fruit.
Most golden tamarins eat sweet fruit.
Most golden tamarins have molar teeth.
Most golden tamarins have teeth.
Most golden tamarins use fingers.
Some golden tamarins face potential.
Some golden tamarins have nails.
Some golden tamarins have sharp nails.
A golden thistle is a thistle
Golden thistle is a spiny perennial native to the Mediterranean region.
Golden thistle is primarily a threat to rangeland habitats.
Golden tigers are also larger and furrier than their standard siblings, and their fur is softer.
Golden tigers have thicker than usual light-gold fur, pale legs, and faint orange stripes.
All golden tigers are Bengal and the result of a recessive gene the same as with white tigers.
Golden toads have impact.
Most golden toads have impact.
Golden tones sparkle beneath the blue.
Golden trout are present in some lakes, predominantly in the West Walker drainage.
Golden trout enjoy the waters, and there are nice slabs for sunbathing by the creek.
Golden trout feed on insects, especially caddis flies and midges, and also eat small crustaceans.
Golden Valley has a grading, drainage and erosion control ordinance that is fairly strict.
Golden Valley has mostly clay soil.
Golden Valley is a little, scenic viewpoint.
Golden Valley is at one with nature in both the physical and spiritual sense.
Golden Valley pupils.
Golden walls feature antique brass queen bed.
Golden weddings are rare occasions.
Golden West has a number of faculty beginning the process of putting their courses on the internet.
Golden West has full connectivity capability.
Golden West is one of the few major companies with a board that has more women on it than men.
Golden West is the three-time defending state champions of women's water polo.
Golden West is their community college.
A golden willow is a willow
Golden willow is frost hardy and can be used where frost hazard is extreme.
A golden yarrow is a wild flower
Golden yarrow is a real over achiever.
Golden yellow is also much in demand and pays a premium.
Golden youths play volleyball in the sun.
A goldeneye is a duck
Goldeneye are medium-sized ducks, with large, angular heads and short bills.
Goldeneye blends incredible depth with erudite humor and flare.
Goldeneye isa insect.
Goldeneyes are ducks with a cunning way of raising their chicks.
Goldeneyes are sure harbingers of winter.
Goldeneyes breed in the northern taiga forests, nesting in trees across North America and Eurasia.
Goldeneyes dive for crustaceans, insects, mollusks and fish.
Goldeneyes generally move south late in the season.
Goldeneyes have (part) air sacs.
Goldeneyes have (part) brains.
Goldeneyes have (part) carapaces.
Goldeneyes have (part) cell membranes.
Goldeneyes have (part) cells.
Goldeneyes have (part) corpi.
Goldeneyes have (part) cytoplasm.
Goldeneyes have (part) ears.
Goldeneyes have (part) faces.
Goldeneyes have (part) flight feathers.
Goldeneyes have (part) heads.
Goldeneyes have (part) nuclei.
Goldeneyes have (part) plasma membranes.
Goldeneyes have (part) quill feathers.
Goldeneyes have (part) sections.
Goldeneyes have (part) shells.
Goldeneyes have (part) skulls.
Goldeneyes have (part) thoraxes.
Goldeneyes have (part) vacuoles.
Goldeneyes have behaviour.
Goldeneyes have heads.
Goldeneyes have necks.
Goldeneyes have patches.
Goldeneyes have similar behaviour.
Most goldeneyes have behaviour.
Most goldeneyes have heads.
Most goldeneyes have necks.
Most goldeneyes have patches.
Most goldeneyes have similar behaviour.
Some goldeneyes eat aquatic insects.
Some goldeneyes eat insects.
Some goldeneyes have bases.
Some goldeneyes occur in areas.
A goldenrod is a wild flower
Goldenrod attracts more varieties of insects than just about any other flower.
Goldenrod has heavy pollen carried from one plant to another by insects.
Goldenrod is a common visitor to the sands.
Goldenrod is a plant that generates activity.
Goldenrod is a safe and gentle remedy for a number of disorders.
Goldenrod is a very common wildflower.
Goldenrod is a very widespread plant.
Goldenrod is a wonderful late blooming perennial.
Goldenrod is common in prairies and other open habitats throughout Illinois.
Goldenrod is considered one of the strongest herbal diuretics.
Goldenrod is gone now.
Goldenrod is good for butterflies, bees and moths.
Goldenrod is largely insect pollinated.
Goldenrod is one example.
Goldenrod is pollinated by insects.
Goldenrod is so conspicuous, it usually gets the blame for fall hay fever.
Goldenrod is the flower of several states.
Goldenrod masking paper is one of the most widely used for platemaking.
Goldenrod occurs in most areas where there is full to part sun.
Goldenrod seems to do it pretty well over here.
Goldenrods are also interesting to look at closeup.
Goldenrods are easy to grow when planted in good garden soil in full sun.
Goldenrods are hardy and grow almost anywhere, from mountain-sides and woodlands to swamps.
Goldenrods are particularly attractive for honey bees, wasps, butterflies and beetles.
Goldenrods are plants.
Goldenrods are wildflowers.
Goldenrods do produce pollen but only in small quantities, and their pollen is heavy and sticky.
Goldenrods mark the tee boxes.
Goldenrods prefer full sun and a well-drained soil.
Goldensea l can potentially help in the absorption of nutrients.
Goldenseal herb has strong antibiotic properties.
Goldenseal plants emerge in early spring from buds on perennial rootstocks.
Goldenseal root is antiseptic and hemostatic, which means it stops bleeding.
Goldenseal roots have a long history of medicinal use.
Goldenseal salves are different.
Goldenseal seed needs to be planted the day it is harvested, in our opinion.
A goldenseal is a herb
Goldenseal can make the symptoms of an infection less bothersome.
Goldenseal has antimicrobial activity against bacteria, protozoa and fungi.
Goldenseal is antiinflammatory and helps dry up and cleanse mucous membranes.
Goldenseal is cultivated in Ontario, Oregon and Washington.
Goldenseal is difficult to cultivate.
Goldenseal is difficult to grow, and it is expensive when available.
Goldenseal is found in health food stores in many forms.
Goldenseal is native to eastern North America and is cultivated in Oregon and Washington.
Goldenseal is propagated by seed, rhizome divisions, or rootlet cuttings. .
Goldenseal is propagated by seed, rhizome divisions, or rootlet cuttings.
Goldenseal is thought by many to be antibacterial.
Goldenseal works to fight infection, ease inflammation and support healthy liver function.
Goldenseals are herbs.
Most goldenseal is wild-harvested.
A goldfield is a district
Goldfields is the site of an authentic Chinese mining village.
Every goldfield is different.
A goldfinch is a finch
Goldfinch isa finch.
Goldfinches absolutely love it.
Goldfinches adore niger.
Goldfinches also demand summer's thistledown for lining their nests.
Goldfinches also enjoy eating the seeds of agastache cana.
Goldfinches appear to be dressed in camouflage with yellow mottling on their winter gray.
Goldfinches are a finch of a different color.
Goldfinches are also common in suburbs, parks, and backyards.
Goldfinches are always fun to watch.
Goldfinches are beautiful and desirable backyard birds.
Goldfinches are easy to keep year round, even in our cold climate.
Goldfinches are especially fond of nesting in the dense foliage.
Goldfinches are in the finch family.
Goldfinches are just as sociable as canaries.
Goldfinches are known as finches.
Goldfinches are late nesters and are now bringing their babies to the feeders.
Goldfinches are located in nests.
Goldfinches are member of families.
Goldfinches are most common after the thistles go to seed.
Goldfinches are relatively easy to maintain.
Goldfinches are strikingly beautiful examples of the finch family .
Goldfinches are the easiest to obtain.
Goldfinches are the last songbirds to nest each year in North America.
Goldfinches are very vocal birds.
Goldfinches are very widely populated and don t live in fear of extinction.
Goldfinches are well adapted to hanging on seed heads.
Goldfinches color up and sing.
Goldfinches come all the way back from Louisiana.
Goldfinches commonly flit through the garden in route to the feeders located near the house.
Goldfinches eat bull and pasture thistle seeds.
Goldfinches eat many kinds of seeds.
Goldfinches eat meals.
Goldfinches eat seeds almost exclusively.
Goldfinches eat seeds.
Goldfinches emerge from nests.
Goldfinches enter nests.
Goldfinches feed in trees.
Goldfinches feed predominantly on weed seeds and insects when available.
Goldfinches feed primarily on weed seeds, and sometimes insects when they are available.
Goldfinches find food.
Goldfinches have (part) air sacs.
Goldfinches have (part) bird's feet.
Goldfinches have (part) brains.
Goldfinches have (part) breasts.
Goldfinches have (part) cell membranes.
Goldfinches have (part) cells.
Goldfinches have (part) chest cavities.
Goldfinches have (part) chests.
Goldfinches have (part) corpi.
Goldfinches have (part) cytoplasm.
Goldfinches have (part) ears.
Goldfinches have (part) faces.
Goldfinches have (part) flight feathers.
Goldfinches have (part) heads.
Goldfinches have (part) lips.
Goldfinches have (part) mouths.
Goldfinches have (part) nuclei.
Goldfinches have (part) plasma membranes.
Goldfinches have (part) quill feathers.
Goldfinches have (part) rib cages.
Goldfinches have (part) second joints.
Goldfinches have (part) sections.
Goldfinches have (part) skulls.
Goldfinches have (part) sterna.
Goldfinches have (part) talons.
Goldfinches have (part) vacuoles.
Goldfinches have (part) wishbones.
Goldfinches have an interesting habit of mating later in the season than most birds.
Goldfinches have bills.
Goldfinches have feathers.
Goldfinches have little if any habitat requirement.
Goldfinches hear calls.
Goldfinches just love the seeds.
Goldfinches like food.
Goldfinches live in mixed flocks and bound through the air in deeply undulating flight.
Goldfinches live in trees.
Goldfinches love the seed.
Goldfinches love the seeds, and butterflies drink the nectar.
Goldfinches love to bathe.
Goldfinches love to nest and live year-round in large, colorful and often fragrant rose brambles.
Goldfinches make nests.
Goldfinches molt into spring finery.
Goldfinches nest later in the season than most species.
Goldfinches play in trees.
Goldfinches possess feathers.
Goldfinches prefer seeds.
Goldfinches prefer their sunflower seeds hulled.
Goldfinches prefer trees.
Goldfinches radiate brilliant yellows at the bird feeder.
Goldfinches relish the seeds and use the fluffy parachute silks for nest liners.
Goldfinches seem to be amiable and social birds.
Goldfinches shed feathers.
Goldfinches swarm among the prairie giants and gray catbirds scold from the fiery dogwoods.
Goldfinches turn a shade of brown in the winter.
Goldfinches use feet.
Goldfinches visit prairie crocuses in summer, and eat the seeds.
Goldfinchs are birds.
Goldfinchs are finchs.
Most goldfinches are known as finches.
Most goldfinches are located in nests.
Most goldfinches are member of families.
Most goldfinches eat meals.
Most goldfinches eat seeds.
Most goldfinches emerge from nests.
Most goldfinches enter nests.
Most goldfinches feed in trees.
Most goldfinches find food.
Most goldfinches have bills.
Most goldfinches have feathers.
Most goldfinches hear calls.
Most goldfinches live in trees.
Most goldfinches make nests.
Most goldfinches play in trees.
Most goldfinches possess feathers.
Most goldfinches prefer seeds.
Most goldfinches prefer trees.
Most goldfinches shed feathers.
Most goldfinches use feet.
Some goldfinches are inside nests.
Some goldfinches build cups.
Some goldfinches feed in thistles.
Some goldfinches feed on catkins.
Some goldfinches fly over gardens.
Some goldfinches follow patterns.
Some goldfinches have diets.
Some goldfinches have problems.
Some goldfinches pollinate plants.
Some goldfinches visit feeders.
Goldfish bottom sitting with a red belly are usually beyond the point of recovery.
A goldfish bowl is a bowl
Goldfish bowl toss and other free carnival games, with treats and prizes.
Most goldfish bowls foul up very quickly because way too much food is going in.
Goldfish breeders cull their fish and sell the results to the fish stores.
Goldfish crackers Trim and wash celery and fill with cheese.
Goldfish eggs look like tiny, gooey beads that are clumped together.
Goldfish fans pursue their hobby with a fervor and devotion that rivals any other fish hobbyists.
Some goldfish flakes provide important nutrients.
Some goldfish flakes provide nutrients.
Some goldfish keepers look for benefits.
Some goldfish keepers look for long term health benefits.
Some goldfish keepers look for term health benefits.
A goldfish is a bony fish
Goldfish isa fish.
Goldfishes are popular aquarium fishes because of their coloration and hardiness.
Goldfishes eat diets.
Goldfishes eat dry food.
Goldfishes eat food.
Goldfishes get nutrients.
Goldfishes grow to size.
Goldfishes has-part eyes.
Goldfishes have (part) brains.
Goldfishes have (part) breasts.
Goldfishes have (part) cell membranes.
Goldfishes have (part) chest cavities.
Goldfishes have (part) chests.
Goldfishes have (part) corpi.
Goldfishes have (part) cytoplasm.
Goldfishes have (part) ears.
Goldfishes have (part) faces.
Goldfishes have (part) fish scales.
Goldfishes have (part) fishbones.
Goldfishes have (part) flippers.
Goldfishes have (part) heads.
Goldfishes have (part) nuclei.
Goldfishes have (part) pedal extremities.
Goldfishes have (part) plasma membranes.
Goldfishes have (part) rib cages.
Goldfishes have (part) sections.
Goldfishes have (part) skulls.
Goldfishes have (part) sperm.
Goldfishes have (part) sterna.
Goldfishes have (part) tail fins.
Goldfishes have (part) vacuoles.
Goldfishes have (part) vertebrate feet.
Goldfishes have (part) yolks.
Goldfishes have appetite.
Goldfishes have chances.
Goldfishes have color.
Goldfishes have different requirements.
Goldfishes have dorsal fins.
Goldfishes have energy.
Goldfishes have expectancy.
Goldfishes have eyes.
Goldfishes have fins.
Goldfishes have greenish color.
Goldfishes have growth.
Goldfishes have huge appetite.
Goldfishes have life expectancy.
Goldfishes have lifespans.
Goldfishes have long dorsal fins.
Goldfishes have long lifespans.
Goldfishes have memory.
Goldfishes have preference.
Goldfishes have requirements.
Goldfishes have senses.
Goldfishes have stomachs.
Goldfishes live in environments.
Goldfishes live in water.
Goldfishes need gallon water.
Goldfishes need water.
Goldfishes prefer quiet water.
Goldfishes prefer warm water.
Goldfishes prefer water.
Goldfishes produce offspring.
Goldfishes reach ages.
Goldfishes reach maturity.
Goldfishes reach old ages.
Goldfishes reach sexual maturity.
Goldfishs are carps.
Goldfishs are fish.
Goldfishs desire bowls.
All goldfish are animals.
All goldfish belong to the same species.
All goldfish have clear scales.
More goldfish die from over eating than anything else.
More goldfish die from overeating than from anything else.
Most goldfish never reach their adult size in a bowl environment, even if the bowl is large enough.
Most goldfishes eat diets.
Most goldfishes eat dry food.
Most goldfishes eat food.
Most goldfishes get nutrients.
Most goldfishes grow to size.
Most goldfishes has-part eyes.
Most goldfishes have chances.
Most goldfishes have color.
Most goldfishes have different requirements.
Most goldfishes have energy.
Most goldfishes have expectancy.
Most goldfishes have eyes.
Most goldfishes have fins.
Most goldfishes have growth.
Most goldfishes have huge appetite.
Most goldfishes have life expectancy.
Most goldfishes have lifespans.
Most goldfishes have long dorsal fins.
Most goldfishes have long lifespans.
Most goldfishes have memory.
Most goldfishes have preference.
Most goldfishes have requirements.
Most goldfishes have senses.
Most goldfishes live in environments.
Most goldfishes live in water.
Most goldfishes prefer quiet water.
Most goldfishes prefer warm water.
Most goldfishes produce offspring.
Most goldfishes reach ages.
Most goldfishes reach maturity.
Most goldfishes reach old ages.
Most goldfishes reach sexual maturity.
Some goldfish are born albino.
Some goldfish have patches of black or silver.
Some goldfishes belong to families.
Some goldfishes eat larvae.
Some goldfishes eat mosquito larvae.
Some goldfishes have behavior.
Some goldfishes have constant contact.
Some goldfishes have constant visual contact.
Some goldfishes have contact.
Some goldfishes have months.
Some goldfishes have spots.
Some goldfishes have throats.
Some goldfishes have white spots.
Some goldfishes live for decades.
Some goldfishes live for years.
Some goldfishes live in homes.
Some goldfishes live in outdoor ponds.
Some goldfishes live in ponds.
Some goldfishes live in rivers.
A goldmine is a source
Goldmine carries nothing but.
Goldmine focuses on music and music collecting.
Goldplated emitters ensure long life.
Goldsmith seeds has an excellent article on using color effectively in the garden.
A goldsmith is a jeweler
Goldsmiths are smiths.
Goldsmiths are workers.
Goldsmiths keep very sensitive scales.
Goldsmiths now find it dificult to use less gold.
Goldsmiths offers many study opportunities for overseas students.
Goldsmiths tap away, crafting traditional Indian jewellery.
Goldsmiths traditionally teach their trade to apprentices.
Goldsmiths unite Many challenges face the first ever goldsmiths' division.
Goldyke soils are on hills and pediments.
Goldyke soils are shallow to bedrock.
A golem is a mythical being
Golems are books.
Golems are made of clay.
Golems are magical creatures created by very powerful wizards.
Golems are products of the human evolution.
Golems lose their immunity to stunning.
Golems stay behind on the lowest level of the pyramid.
Golems sympathize with terrorism and encourage it.
A golf bag is a bag
A golf bag is golf equipment
Golf bag becomes aqua slacks when turned inside out.
Golf bag features heavy duty zippers and stitching with compact portability for travel and golfing.
Golf bag is made of nylon material thats tough and durable for long lasting wear and tear.
Golf bag supports adjust to fit any size of bag.
Golf bags are bags.
Golf bags are golf equipment.
A golf ball is a ball
A golf ball is golf equipment
Golf ball inset.
Golf ball looks like a dollar bill.
Golf ball smashes a nearby window.
Golf balls are a staple of holiday shopping.
Golf balls are balls.
Golf balls are golf equipment.
Golf balls are half price.
Golf balls are leprechaun imprinted and cut-resistant.
Golf balls are next.
Golf balls are out.
Golf balls come in a variety of types from solid construction to a wound ball.
Golf balls come in different types for different types of players.
Golf balls continue the trend toward custom fitting for every kind of golfer imaginable.
Golf balls have dimples and grooves, tennis balls have hair, etc.
Golf balls have dimples for the same reason.
Golf balls have dimples.
Golf balls have little dents all over the surface.
Golf balls is a good idea, too.
Golf balls play a major roll in a Max Out fitting.
Golf balls rest on wooden dowels, five rows-each holding ten balls.
All golf balls go the same distance if hit exactly the same.
Some golf balls have honey at their center.
Most golf buggies do have reversing.
A golf cap is a cap
Golf caps come in white and tan.
Golf cars are available for rent.
A golf cart is golf equipment
Golf cart is extra.
Golf cart is included.
Golf cart rentals on premises.
Golf carts are a little slice of heaven on wheels.
Golf carts are also available for island tours .
Golf carts are also available to transport visitors to and from their vehicles.
Golf carts are at an additional cost.
Golf carts are available and the pro shop carries a full line of top quality accessories.
Golf carts are available at the major courses.
Golf carts are available for easy accessibility around the course.
Golf carts are available for easy transportation around the range.
Golf carts are available for rent or walk the course with one of their famous caddies.
Golf carts are available for rent.
Golf carts are available for rental e.
Golf carts are available for rental, and there is a pro shop.
Golf carts are available for rental.
Golf carts are available to rent with each unit.
Golf carts are available, as are rental clubs.
Golf carts are available.
Golf carts are definitely the way to go.
Golf carts are extra.
Golf carts are free.
Golf carts are mandatory and golf shoes and shirts also are required, but dress is casual.
Golf carts are mandatory and the club has a soft spike only policy.
Golf carts are mandatory for all players and are included in the fee.
Golf carts are mandatory for all players.
Golf carts are mandatory.
Golf carts are mode of transportation to beach and tennis.
Golf carts are off-highway vehicles.
Golf carts are payable at courses.
Golf carts are the only means of ground transportation.
Golf carts are the preferred mode of transportation on Ambergris.
Golf carts are to remain on cart paths at all times.
Golf carts are unsafe.
Golf carts are widely available too.
Golf classes are available.
A golf club is golf equipment
Golf club classifieds.
Golf club covers knitted in worsted weight yarn.
Golf club covers with plush endangered animals.
Golf club rentals available.
Golf club sues regional government.
Golf clubs allow visitors to use their facilities.
Golf clubs are as different as people.
Golf clubs are available for hire.
Golf clubs are available for rent.
Golf clubs are available for use in limited supply.
Golf clubs are clubs.
Golf clubs are golf equipment.
Golf clubs are made of metal.
Golf clubs are real crappy for trying to break off locks.
Golf clubs are really an engineer's paradise as well.
Golf clubs are sports equipment.
Golf clubs balance in impossible configurations.
Golf clubs established on commons have no right to exclude commoners grazing animals.
Golf clubs keep things simple.
Golf clubs make money, lots of money, on cart rentals.
Golf clubs tend to be expensive.
Every golf club can use a few friends in court.
Every golf club provide quality facilities and warm hospitality.
Most golf clubs offer rentals.
Most golf clubs provide clinics, lessons and hold annual tournaments.
Some golf clubs are very expensive, but there are plenty which have very reasonable green fees.
Some golf clubs have clubs for hire.
Some golf clubs have thin shafts.
Golf companies spend millions of dollars each year trying to find the new hot material.
A golf course is a course
Golf course closes at dark.
Golf course directories.
Golf course has a native theme.
Golf course has maximum oomph-largest, most picturesque.
Golf course includes a pro shop with great prices.
Golf course is a few miles on the right.
Golf course is about one mile on the right side of the road.
Golf course is an active use.
Golf course is approx.
Golf course is down approximately three miles on the left.
Golf course is in fantastic shape.
Golf course is intended for both amateur and professional golfers.
Golf course is irrigated with reclaimed water.
Golf course is located at the base of the resort with rentals available on site.
Golf course is mile on the left.
Golf course is mile on the right.
Golf course is on left.
Golf course is on right side of road before casinos.
Golf course is on the left.
Golf course is on the right.
Golf course is straight forward, avoid fairway bunkers.
Golf course is three blocks up on the right hand side of the street.
Golf course is to the right.
Golf course is within easy walking distance.
Golf course joins the park and expansion plans are in the mill.
Golf Course kink before slamming on the brakes for the slowest hairpin on the course, Adelaide.
Golf course lake front properties range higher.
Golf course lake views.
Golf course make Grand Bali Beach a perennial favorite.
Golf course minutes away.
Golf Course moves.
Golf course open all year, weather permitting.
Golf course play and resort facilities can be enjoyed after school.
Golf course roughs and fairways.
Golf course use fees includes golf cart.
Golf course verify invoices for accuracy.
Golf course view in front.
Golf course watering is limited to once a week.
Golf Course Welcome to Homestead Resort, Utah .
Golf courses abound around New Bern and vicinity.
Golf courses abound both in the river valley and around the city.
Golf courses accessible nearby.
Golf courses apply chemicals to their fairways and other areas twelve to thirteen times per season.
Golf courses are a short drive away.
Golf courses are abundant.
Golf courses are also a great place to reach upscale computer users.
Golf courses are also abundant throughout the area.
Golf courses are also heavy water users.
Golf courses are also, on average, gorgeous.
Golf courses are always under pressure about their water usage.
Golf courses are available but seasonal.
Golf courses are available in most major tourist areas.
Golf courses are available nearby.
Golf courses are close by with one just a ferry ride away.
Golf courses are close by, as well as some of the best hiking trails in the world.
Golf courses are close to all the resorts.
Golf courses are common along the South Carolina coast.
Golf courses are courses.
Golf courses are easily accessible and inexpensive.
Golf courses are free from crowds and conditions are ideal for morning and late afternoon games.
Golf courses are heavy users of pesticides and fertilizers, which degrade water quality.
Golf courses are in abundance together with free local tennis courts.
Golf courses are just minutes away.
Golf courses are like a fingerprint of life.
Golf courses are minutes away.
Golf courses are multi-million dollar enterprises, and owners want their investments protected.
Golf courses are near by.
Golf courses are near the campus and provide additional options.
Golf courses are nearby in Mt. Pleasant and the Isle of Palms.
Golf courses are nearly always busy places in southern Nevada, so it's wise to get reservations.
Golf courses are no different.
Golf courses are numerous and scenic.
Golf courses are one of the many land uses that contribute to a well-balanced livable community.
Golf courses are only minutes away, and there are many tennis courts within short walking distance.
Golf courses are open all year here.
Golf courses are plentiful and are open all year long, thanks to the favorable climate.
Golf courses are plentiful and considered to be of a very high standard.
Golf courses are plentiful on the Treasure Coast and some offer discounts to our guests.
Golf courses are plentiful, as are equestrian stables and hunting preserves.
Golf courses are pretty important in Palm Beach Gardens.
Golf courses are pretty.
Golf courses are subject to change based on participation.
Golf courses are the best places to fish.
Golf courses are the fastest expanding recreational properties.
Golf courses are too perfect.
Golf courses are tremendous economic assets as well as vital greenspaces for communities.
Golf courses are tremendous economic assets, as well as vital greenspaces for communities.
Golf courses boost the local economy through resorts, hotels, restaurants, shops and tourism.
Golf courses can be hazardous places.
Golf courses can be oases of grassy greens and tree-lined fairways.
Golf courses can be very harmful to the environment.
Golf courses can bring environmental benefits, when they are built as a way to reclaim brownfields.
Golf courses can enhance and protect wildlife habitat and water resources.
Golf courses can face some very unusual liabilities.
Golf courses change management and ownership.
Golf courses displace the once-thriving California tiger salamander.
Golf courses do use a lot of water, but it is used most efficiently.
Golf courses flourish in the desert.
Golf courses generate their own traffic, especially on weekends.
Golf courses have another benefit for even non-golfers.
Golf courses have bentgrass greens, tees, and fairways.
Golf courses have water hazards.
Golf courses hold great potential as hospitable areas for many species of animals and plants.
Golf courses improve air quality through their trees and shrubs.
Golf courses kiss electric-blue oceans.
Golf courses mean housing and commercial activities through the pro shop.
Golf courses mow their greens and tees every day.
Golf courses pay the highest water rates anywhere in the western United States.
Golf courses present an environmental problem , article and links.
Golf courses preserve open space and provide havens for wildlife.
Golf courses rely on the performance of the pump station.
Golf courses remain open all year.
Golf courses replace habitat or farmland with sterile, carpet-smooth fairways.
Golf courses require a lot of water, and many areas of Mexico are dry.
Golf courses require soft spikes or tennis shoes.
Golf courses serve only a limited segment of the population.
Golf courses sharpen their mowers every day.
Golf courses start booking outings a year in advance.
Golf courses strive to be unique and to be in harmony with their environment.
Golf courses surround the area.
Golf courses unfold again and again in the least green of the scorched earth.
Golf courses use reel mowers.
Golf courses vary in difficulty and green fees.
Golf courses work towards certificates of recognition in six categories.
All golf courses are non-metal spike facilities.
All golf courses are of the highest quality and each accommodation chosen is tried and trusted.
All golf courses are open from approximately sunrise to sunset.
Every golf course forbids slow play.
Every golf course has a signature hole that tests the skill, patience and strategy of a golfer.
Every golf course is different.
Many golf courses are nearby.
Many golf courses are there or under development.
Many golf courses dot the rolling landscape of woods, water, and lush farm land.
Many golf courses have condos for rent for golfers who want to walk out their door onto the course.
Many golf courses have very high quality turf, and good runoff water quality.
Most golf courses are available for play at any time.
Most golf courses are beautifull and very appealing to the eye.
Most golf courses have a specific events coordinator to help with the details.
Most golf courses have junior programs in the summer.
Most golf courses make an effort to beautify their surroundings, adding flowerbeds here or there.
Most golf courses require it anyway for nonprofessional golfers.
Some golf courses coordinate weekend and vacation packages with local hotels.
Some golf courses prefer to add Cypress Poa trivialis to their overseeding mix.
Golf equipment comes with a collection of handy one-syllable words such as head, grip and shaft.
Golf equipment is a billion-dollar industry.
Golf equipment is available for rental.
Golf equipment is sports equipment
Golf equipment is sports equipment.
All golf equipment is provided for the student during the lesson.
Golf etiquette is an extremely important part of the game of golf.
Golf etiquette is as important as skill to many people who play the game.
Golf etiquette is one of the most important parts of the game of golf.
Golf etiquette is part of it.
Golf instruction includes video analysis and a mini-tournament.
Golf instruction is also available from our in-house golf professionals.
Golf instruction is available as are practice putting greens.
Golf instruction is available by appointment from members of our professional staff.
Golf instruction is available for players of all ages and skill levels.
Golf instruction is available with a special emphasis on junior instruction and play.
Golf instruction is available.
Golf instruction is too expensive.
Golf instruction is very versatile.
Golf instructions are available for every skill level.
All golf instruction is tailored to the students needs.
Most golf instruction is conducted in gibberish jargon.
Golf links line the coast.
Golf magazines are just the beginning.
A golf pro is a golfer
Golf pros communicate both in person and on paper.
Most golf pros are teachers rather than tournament players.
Golf professionals are available for private lessons.
Golf professionals are in a position of service.
Golf resorts offer wonderful golf packages.
Golf rules cite the jungle as a lateral hazard.
Golf shirts run large.
Golf shoes are stylin' with better support.
Golf shoes have rubber soles.
Golf shoes have soles.
Most golf shoes have rubber soles.
Most golf shoes have soles.
Most golf shoes look like they belong in a boardroom meeting.
Golf stories are opposite of fish stories.
Golf swings are like fingerprints.
Golf tours are our primary tours.
Golf tournament is additional.
Golf tournament proceeds to go towards the South Mountain retreat and conference center.
Golf tournaments are tournaments.
Golf tournaments continue to be an excellent source of revenue as well as the annual gala.
All golf tournaments meet are of the first type , but match play tournaments are in the second .
All golf tournaments meet are of the first type, but match play tournaments are in the second.
Golf affords a splendid opportunity for observing oneself.
Golf allows long periods of time in which to lose concentration and become distracted.
Golf alone is reported to be a half billion dollar industry in South Carolina.
Golf already has enough championships that matter.
Golf already has that.
Golf also can reveal character and personality traits in a person.
Golf also is a mental game, and fatigue can play a factor on that facet.
Golf amounts to an afterthought.
Golf becomes less an activity of repetition and more an interpretive art.
Golf being such a solitary pursuit, it can be awfully self-absorbing.
Golf breaks all barriers.
Golf can and does shape the lives of kids throughout South Carolina.
Golf can be a challenge and improving can really be a challenge.
Golf can be a crazy, egomaniacal business.
Golf can be a dangerous game.
Golf can be a game of intense concentration or lighthearted fun.
Golf can be a powerful incentive for employees and customers.
Golf can be a sometimes frustrating, and time-consuming game to learn.
Golf can be an escape from all of that.
Golf can be arduous, and aggravating, and arousing, all in one afternoon.
Golf can be as individual a game as is played.
Golf can be available.
Golf can be cruel, but it is gentle compared with life.
Golf can be embarrassing.
Golf can be frustrating.
Golf can be fun, but yet frustrating.
Golf can be overwhelming.
Golf can be pricey here, but golf packages with two nights' lodging are available.
Golf can boom, but the game needs new idols.
Golf can do better.
Golf can have that effect.
Golf can really open some doors.
Golf can take a little from other sports, and it can give a little.
Golf can teach more than just how to play the game.
Golf can wait however.
Golf can wait.
Golf caps for golf clubs and courses.
Golf changes golf from a boring waste of a sport into groovy ball whacking fun.
Golf comes and goes.
Golf comes first there, but it is far from the only attraction.
Golf comes first.
Golf Consider having some outdoor fun at the meeting an informal golf outing.
Golf constantly evolves.
Golf continues to be as popular as ever with sports fans.
Golf continues to be their recreation of choice.
Golf continues to grow in popularity, and London and area courses have kept up with the trend.
Golf continues to play a significant role in the overall presentation of sports.
Golf costs money.
Golf courses A listing of Edmonton and area clubs.
Golf courses Commercial sites Can cover larger areas in a short time.
Golf courses galore.
Golf courses to keep any golfer happy for quite a long time.
Golf courses up here are few and far between.
Golf cruises to the caribbean islands.
Golf demands a work ethic and dedication to lead to true enjoyment.
Golf demands it, especially the short game.
Golf does it with mirrors.
Golf does that.
Golf does the same thing.
Golf donates more money to charity than all others combined.
Golf equals life, and life is golf.
Golf equals prestige in Japan.
Golf falls into the second group.
Golf falls under the industrial category with cemeteries, parks, dairies and things like that.
Golf Find out about the latest news in the golf world.
GOLF Get into the swing.
Golf gives a man too much time to think.
Golf gives the type of fun a grownup can feel.
Golf goes in cycles.
Golf goes on, but sorrowfully.
Golf has (part) regulation time.
Golf has (part) second periods.
Golf has short tees for women and children.
Golf here is as much a nature hike as it is a game.
Golf here is played over beautiful moorland fairways, shielded by silver birches, larches and pines.
Golf here rocks, and hiking and camping in the mountains is incredible.
Golf holds a special position in our culture.
Golf includes a physical skill, and competition.
Golf includes one day unlimited golf per night stayed.
Golf includes one round of golf for two plus tax only.
Golf involves muscular strength, power, endurance and flexibility.
Golf is a ball.
Golf is a bargain during the summer in Florida.
Golf is a beautiful sport, and part of that beauty is that everybody plays under the same rules.
Golf is a big attraction and the town boasts seven courses.
Golf is a big part of the community, and most of our neighbors play quite frequently.
Golf is a bit like tennis.
Golf is a booming business at home, around the country, and throughout the world.
Golf is a business where it's tough on the equipment side to break through.
Golf is a business, just like manufacturing a car is a business.
Golf is a business.
Golf is a capitalist game.
Golf is a captain and crew format.
Golf is a challenging game.
Golf is a challenging, rewarding game - one that anyone, at any age, can play for life.
Golf is a complex game.
Golf is a complicated, fragmented marketplace with a history of turf protection.
Golf is a country-club deal.
Golf is a crazy game.
Golf is a cruel game.
Golf is a day game.
Golf is a demanding game and it naturally attracts people who seek perfection.
Golf is a demanding game requiring accuracy, mental power and determination.
Golf is a demanding game.
Golf is a different story.
Golf is a difficult game which takes practice to master.
Golf is a difficult market to break into.
Golf is a difficult, frustrating game.
GOLF is a dummy variable for properties located adjacent to a golf course fairway.
Golf is a favored pastime and the area offers many opportunities to indulge in the sport.
GOLF is a favorite Scottish pastime shared with the rest of the world.
Golf is a fickle sport.
Golf is a four-hour test and requires the ability to concentrate over every shot.
Golf is a four-letter word.
Golf is a funny game.
Golf is a funny sport.
Golf is a game and games are meant to be fun.
Golf is a game for all ages, for all abilities.
Golf is a game for all ages.
Golf is a game for everyone.
Golf is a game for the defeated.
Golf is a game for 'thinking' people.
Golf is a game full of ups and downs.
Golf is a game in which the goal is to hit a little ball into a hole in the ground with a stick.
Golf is a game of a lifetime.
Golf is a game of accumulated experience.
Golf is a game of attrition, designed as a losing battle.
Golf is a game of bad lies, as well as good lies.
Golf is a game of becoming.
Golf is a game of comparisons and choices.
Golf is a game of concentration and strategy.
Golf is a game of concentration.
Golf is a game of confidence.
Golf is a game of consistency.
Golf is a game of days, next shots, and handicaps.
Golf is a game of endurance, so let's endure.
Golf is a game of etiquette.
Golf is a game of ever-changing shots.
Golf is a game of extreme precision.
Golf is a game of finesse and short-game artistry.
Golf is a game of fractions of inches.
Golf is a game of integrity.
Golf is a game of knowing.
Golf is a game of learning.
Golf is a game of long pauses and bursts of activity.
Golf is a game of never ending continual learning process.
Golf is a game of numbers.
Golf is a game of precision and control.
Golf is a game of precision.
Golf is a game of six inches . . .
Golf is a game of strategy and shot making.
Golf is a game of targets.
Golf is a game or firsts and nexts.
Golf is a game that can be very frustrating.
Golf is a game that creates character, in other words.
Golf is a game that exposes heart and mind to unusual surprises.
Golf is a game that includes walking.
Golf is a game that is hard to master.
Golf is a game that plods along, as it has on welcoming minorities into the sport.
Golf is a game that requires a lot of concentration.
Golf is a game that requires total balance and tranquility of the mind.
Golf is a game that takes an enormous amount of time for play and practice.
Golf is a game where the ball lies poorly, and the players well.
Golf is a game which is most greatly influenced by the skill level of the player.
Golf is a game.
Golf is a gentleman's game.
Golf is a gentlemen s game and is respected by all.
Golf is a gentlemen's game.
Golf is a given at most resorts, and every major city offers it close by.
Golf is a good analogy.
Golf is a good walk spoiled.
Golf is a great and wondrous game because it defies analysis.
Golf is a great game because it is considered a microcosm of life.
Golf is a great game for setting personal goals.
Golf is a great game of integrity, a great release.
Golf is a great game, but getting started isn t straightforward.
Golf is a great game, but let s face it.
Golf is a great game, one of the best games, but also an embarrassingly stiff-necked game at times.
Golf is a great leveler.
Golf is a great sport.
Golf is a great, olde game with tradition, history and yes rules.
Golf is a growing, progressive thing.
Golf is a holey game.
Golf is a huge business in Massachusetts.
Golf is a hugely enjoyable, arcadey look at the game of golf.
Golf is a humbling game for the best players in the world on down to the beginning golfer.
Golf is a job.
Golf is a just a part of the college experience.
Golf is a key product for the Island and is helping with the shoulder seasons.
Golf is a kind of recreation preferred by the high income level foreign visitors.
Golf is a lifestyle.
Golf is a lifetime sport almost anyone can play.
Golf is a lifetime sport.
Golf is a lonely game.
Golf is a long game and it's accurately depicted here.
Golf is a lot like life.
Golf is a lot like taxes.
Golf is a lot more complicated.
Golf is a lot of fun to watch.
Golf is a main attraction.
Golf is a major attraction and a big part of the tourist industry in Myrtle Beach.
Golf is a man's game.
Golf is a mental game, especially at the higher levels.
Golf is a mental game.
Golf is a metaphor for the self-empowerment that is learned through the adventure of life.
Golf is a midseason stress reliever.
Golf is a mind game more than anything else.
Golf is a Minnesota passion.
Golf is a more genteel sport.
Golf is a more indirect, less mano a mano.
Golf is a natural sport, done outdoors.
Golf is a nearby favourite.
Golf is a nerve-wracking game.
Golf is a new challenge here.
Golf is a nice amenity to have.
Golf is a nice-weather given, and to suggest it is moot.
Golf is a Passion, but one has to wait till spring.
Golf is a physical sport that is demanding on the back and shoulders.
Golf is a popular sport in France, but it is often difficult to find a good course.
Golf is a popular sport in Scotland .
Golf is a popular sport in Scotland.
Golf is a popular sport with the domestic population and visitors alike.
Golf is a popular summer pastime in Sun Valley.
Golf is a popular year-round sport along with baseball, basketball and football.
Golf is a privilege.
Golf is a real mental game.
Golf is a really hard game and it has alot of unanswered questions.
Golf is a recognized game of honor and a true test of ones character.
Golf is a recreational activity that requires both time and money.
Golf is a recreational activity, it is a game, it is even a competition.
Golf is a refined sport where the beauty of the surroundings is as important as the game itself.
Golf is a religion.
Golf is a respectable game.
Golf is a science. . .
Golf is a short, scenic drive down the island.
Golf is a sickness, like alcoholism.
Golf is a simple game.
Golf is a social game.
Golf is a solitary and shared endeavor.
Golf is a spiritual game.
Golf is a spiritual thing.
Golf is a sport for the ages and a sport for all ages.
Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black mps.
Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps.
Golf is a sport in touch with nature, so recreating that natural environment is crucial.
Golf is a sport meant to be played in shirt sleeves, in the sun and ideally at a relaxed pace.
Golf is a sport of choice for the idle rich and wealthy from Europe, North America and the Far East.
Golf is a sport of extreme concentration.
Golf is a sport of leisure, but a six-hour round is more like a funeral.
Golf is a sport that allows such an experience to occur.
Golf is a sport that is continuing to be in full bloom.
Golf is a sport that is meant to be played at an enjoyable yet steady pace.
Golf is a sport that takes certain resources to play.
Golf is a sport, and very often, a certain machismo is attached to sports.
Golf is a sport, and watching it on TV is a legitimate way to spend a weekend afternoon.
Golf is a sport.
GOLF is a sport.
Golf is a square shooter.
Golf is a straightforward game.
Golf is a strong sell.
Golf is a stupid game.
Golf is a subject that comes up a lot.
Golf is a test of hitting accuracy, driving distance and putting precision.
Golf is a time consuming sport.
Golf is a top-handed game.
Golf is a tough game.
Golf is a tradition here.
Golf is a tremendous personality and character revealer.
Golf is a unique game.
Golf is a universal language.
Golf is a very hard game.
Golf is a very healthy sport.
Golf is a very imperfect, frustrating game.
Golf is a very mental game.
Golf is a very nice Activity.
Golf is a very popular pastime in summer and fall.
Golf is a very rewarding sport, like other sports.
Golf is a very simple game.
Golf is a very time consuming and expensive sport.
Golf is a way of life.
Golf is a way that two opponents beat each other without really doing anything to the other person.
Golf is a wonderful, challenging sport.
Golf is a year round sport on the Cape.
Golf is a year-round event in the Columbia area.
Golf is a year-round sport in Louisiana.
Golf is a year-round sport, thanks to the mild winter conditions.
Golf is about hand-eye coordination, shoulder rotation, wrist strength, etc.
Golf is about learning and practicing.
Golf is about more than just driving a little ball through the air and into a hole.
Golf is about standing in place and hitting a shot.
Golf is about to take a walk on the wild side.
Golf is abundant with many challenging public and private courses.
Golf is activities.
Golf is added to the rodeo event calendar.
Golf is addictive.
Golf is affordable and plentiful.
Golf is all about accurate scoring.
Golf is all about confidence and momentum.
Golf is all about having the best stuff and using it.
Golf is all around great fun and a great deal to boot.
Golf is almost nature.
Golf is already cool.
Golf is also a common activity.
Golf is also a favorite pastime enjoyed by visitors and locals alike.
Golf is also a game of spins and angles.
Golf is also a passion, having been the grandson of a golf course designer and builder in Michigan.
Golf is also a perfect addition to a successful meeting.
Golf is also a popular summer pastime statewide.
Golf is also a social game.
Golf is also available fifteen minutes away.
Golf is also available nearby.
GOLF is also back to nominal observing mode.
Golf is also good for the soul as it invariably brings one closer to nature.
Golf is also nearby.
Golf is also popular in Ohio with many championship courses located around the state.
Golf is also stupid because golf has been know to be fatal during electrical storms.
Golf is also very big in Texas.
Golf is always a welcome feature that makes an event a more memorable experience for all involved.
Golf is always better when it is nicer out.
Golf is always difficult to learn.
Golf is an addiction.
Golf is an after thought.
Golf is an afternoon of agony and defeat.
Golf is an amazing game.
Golf is an amenity to that.
Golf is an athlete event.
Golf is an athletic and technically difficult sport.
Golf is an awkward set of bodily contortions designed to produce a graceful result.
Golf is an endeavor that produces character, sportsmanship, and pride.
Golf is an example.
Golf is an excellent sport for keeping physically fit and mentally alert.
Golf is an exciting sport for people of all ages.
Golf is an expensive way of playing marbles.
Golf is an extremely popular sport in Alaska.
Golf is an extremely popular sport.
Golf is an ideal diversion but a ruinous disease.
GOLF is an improved disk-integrated sunlight resonant scattering spectrophotometer.
Golf is an increasingly popular sport, with courses available in most major populated areas.
Golf is an individual activity.
Golf is an individual contributor sport.
Golf is an individual sport.
Golf is an integral part of the Phoenix lifestyle.
Golf is an international game of honor, played by all ages, all races, all nationalities.
Golf is an international game.
Golf is an inward-looking sport, anyway.
Golf is an odd mix of violent rotating action and fine motor control.
Golf is an option, as well as just lazing around town.
Golf is an outdoor game played on real turf.
Golf is an outdoor game
Golf is an overrated pastime.
Golf is another attraction to the area.
Golf is another favorite past time of the visitors.
Golf is another popular attraction with dozens of area courses offering year-round recreation.
Golf is another story.
Golf is as much mental as it is physical.
Golf is as popular in North Queensland as it is elsewhere around the world.
Golf is at least a healthier form of relaxation.
Golf is available at several local courses.
Golf is available at the eighth oldest and one of the most beautiful courses in America.
Golf is available at various courses throughout the area.
Golf is available close by.
Golf is available near Electric City.
Golf is available nearby.
Golf is available on local championship course or angling on one of the many local lakes.
Golf is available on the nearby mainland.
Golf is available.
Golf is back on TV with a passion, but without the dominance of Tiger.
Golf is bad enough.
Golf is banned from the streets of Albany, New York-the first reference to golf in America.
Golf is believed to be the fastest growing sport worldwide.
Golf is best when taken lightly, with a grain of salt.
Golf is big here.
Golf is big in Myrtle Beach and Garden City.
Golf is big in our lives, but mostly our huge family, many of which live here.
Golf is big there, but very, very expensive.
Golf is bigger than any man playing it.
Golf is certainly due for a reasonable increase.
Golf is certainly one such activity.
Golf is cheap and the juniors are welcome.
Golf is clearly a game that needs to be included in adaptive sports programs.
Golf is close by.
Golf is considered a low impact sport.
Golf is considered to be one of the 'safest' sports for a person with hemophilia.
Golf is cool.
Golf is crack cocaine for middle aged men.
Golf is damn tough to master.
Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated.
Golf is defended by the course layout and traps.
Golf is definitely in upward swing in the country.
Golf is definitely what skiers do during the summer.
Golf is different from major team sports, where there is one champion crowned each year.
Golf is different from most sports.
Golf is different from other sports.
Golf is different one day to the next.
Golf is different than any other sport, which makes it easier for a woman.
Golf is difficult - both to learn and to teach.
Golf is difficult enough to break in to.
Golf is difficult.
Golf is easily available as is good fishing.
Golf is easily customizable to a person's physical capabilities and limitations.
Golf is easy.
Golf is embroidered on the back strap.
Golf is emotional.
Golf is enjoyed here year 'round.
Golf is enough of a challenge without complicating things with damaged clubs.
Golf is even possible in winter.
Golf is expensive down there right now.
Golf is expensive enough without the added cost of a chiropractor.
Golf is expensive in Japan, where links are crowded and reservations hard to come by.
Golf is extremely popular with nine public and private courses.
Golf is fairly new to Turkey, and most players are foreign-born businessmen.
Golf is far more emotional than that.
Golf is first and foremost a sport.
Golf is first class, up to international standard and very reasonably priced.
Golf is five minutes away and croquet is available.
Golf is for the ages . . .
Golf is front and center in the American scene.
Golf is frustrating.
Golf is full of rising prodigies who crumble near the top.
Golf is fun.
Golf is game of great sounds.
Golf is generally the hardest and most challenging sport.
Golf is golf.
Golf is good for eye hand coordination.
Golf is good.
Golf is hallowed ground.
Golf is hard enough.
Golf is hard.
Golf is healthy today.
Golf is hot. . . .
Golf is hot.
Golf is hotter than porn and cooler than politics.
GOLF IS HUGE in our area as well.
Golf is hugely popular.
Golf is ideal for individuals of nearly all ages and fitness levels.
Golf is in close proximity to the resort.
Golf is in many ways, after all, a mystical experience.
Golf is in the midst of an equipment revolution.
Golf is included at many Caribbean resorts.
Golf is included in each volume.
Golf is indeed a game for life.
Golf is just a game.
Golf is just a ghost town.
Golf is just a hobby.
Golf is just a missing link.
Golf is just a reservation away.
Golf is just a short drive from Bass Lake.
Golf is just down street.
Golf is just old men in ugly pants walking.
Golf is just one mile away.
Golf is just one of the pursuits.
Golf is just the medium that it's presented in.
Golf is kind of the same way.
Golf is king, but the desert draws in visitors to hike, raft and ride horseback, too.
Golf is less about age, and more about sportsmanship, than perhaps any other sport.
Golf is like learning to play music .
Golf is like life.
Golf is like solitaire.
Golf is like that sometimes.
Golf is like that.
Golf is literally in the air, electrified, amplified, celebrated.
Golf is located directly next door within walking distance.
Golf is located in Denver, Colorado.
Golf is located nearby and major attractions are easily accessible.
Golf is located nearby.
Golf is low impact that suits both men and women, and young to old.
Golf is made up of four swings.
Golf is meant to be enjoyed by the masses who sweat it out at work during the week.
Golf is men in ugly pants walking.
Golf is minutes away.
Golf is more complicated than that.
Golf is more dangerous.
Golf is more important like life itself.
Golf is more popular now than ever before.
Golf is more precise than almost any other sport, yet people try and help themselves.
Golf is more than an interest, but probably less than an obsession.
Golf is more than golf.
Golf is more than just a game when it comes to the resort hotel industry.
Golf is most popular with German visitors.
Golf is much more relaxed.
Golf is much more than a few divits, pins, irons or woods.
Golf is nearby and available for an additional fee.
Golf is nearby and the entire ranch rental incentive packages are available.
Golf is nearby as well.
Golf is nearby at semi-private or private courses.
Golf is nearby, tennis courts on the premises, pool, shopping down the street.
Golf is nearby.
Golf is no different to other sports like tennis, rugby and football.
Golf is no different.
Golf is no exception.
GOLF is no exception.
Golf is now a liberal art.
Golf is now the fourth major sport, for good and for ill.
Golf is obviously a little more independent.
Golf is often cold and wet.
Golf is ok with eye protection after the second week.
Golf is old.
Golf is one of our main attractions on the Coast.
Golf is one of the fastest growing leisure activities in the world.
Golf is one of the fastest growing segments of the recreational industry.
Golf is one of the fastest rising participation sports in the world.
Golf is one of the Lake area's finest attractions.
Golf is one of the most popular recreation activities in Ontario.
Golf is one of the most popular sports in the United States at the present time.
Golf is one of the most popular sports in the world.
Golf is one of the oldest sports in the world.
Golf is one of the sports at the Summer Games.
Golf is one of the ultimate meritocracies, and always has been.
Golf is one sport that is taking off.
Golf is one such way to take some time out.
Golf is only half a mile away.
Golf is only to be practiced at the golf course.
Golf is our biggest business today.
Golf is our specialty.
Golf is our strongest attraction.
Golf is out there too.
Golf is outdoor sports.
Golf is over.
Golf is paid at each individual golf facility.
Golf is part of the very fabric of Scottish life.
Golf is perceived as fun.
Golf is perhaps the most uncertain game in the uncertain paces of life.
Golf is playable all year round and visitors are most welcome.
Golf is playd in Scotland.
Golf is played all year round and South Africa is everybody's favorite.
Golf is played as an Olympic sport for the second time.
Golf is played at a thoughtful, leisurely pace.
Golf is played by millions of people around the world.
Golf is played by the man living in the house next to the house where the robot is kept.
Golf is played in a delightful tropical climate all year round.
Golf is played on gravel and baseball has two bases.
Golf is played on some of the most beautiful land in all of the world.
Golf is played under such a small margin of error.
Golf is played, but usually outwith the school day.
Golf is played, to some extent, in most countries of the world.
Golf is plentiful, often moderately priced, and played quickly.
Golf is popular around here too, with several courses in and around the city.
Golf is popular in larger cities.
Golf is popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad.
Golf is popular with expatriate executives and professionals.
Golf is popular with several excellent courses.
Golf is pretty clean.
Golf is pristine any time of the year here.
Golf is probably closer to a profession than any other sports.
Golf is probably the most popular participatory sport in the area.
Golf is quite a time consuming, but interesting and fun sport.
Golf is quite the rage in Iceland too.
Golf is really a pretty simple game, but most people fight it.
Golf is really about repeating.
Golf is really about unexpected ecstasies.
Golf is relatively inexpensive to play in New Zealand.
Golf is risky business.
Golf is safe.
Golf is said to be a gentleman's game.
Golf is scheduled each day of the week, including arrival day.
Golf is secondary.
Golf is similar.
Golf is simply more accessible, and thus a valuable promotional tool.
Golf is simply rocket science.
Golf is slow enough already.
Golf is so cool .
Golf is so much riding on the short game.
Golf is so tame.
Golf is something a couple can do for a few hours and relax and enjoy each other's company.
Golf is sophisticated exercise, but the love of hunting is almost a psychological characteristic.
Golf is spectator sports.
Golf is spiritual.
Golf is sports.
Golf is spread out.
Golf is still a huge draw here.
Golf is still a walking game.
Golf is still a walking sport.
Golf is still popular with all visitors to the island.
Golf is still the greatest game of all.
Golf is still way behind.
Golf is such a boring, pretentious and snooty sport that it needs a few barbs hurled it's way.
Golf is such a fickle game.
Golf is such a game of confidence.
Golf is such a hard game.
Golf is such a mind game.
Golf is such a niche.
Golf is such a traditional sport, to make changes is kind of tough.
Golf is such an individual sport, so cut-throat.
Golf is such an unpredictable sport.
Golf is supposed to be a challenge.
Golf is supposed to be fun.
Golf is surprisingly cheap, either as part of a package or alone.
Golf is systematic torture applied democratically.
Golf is the best alternative.
Golf is the best game ever invented by man.
Golf is the central recreational activity.
Golf is the devil's toy.
Golf is the fad of the day.
Golf is the game of a lifetime for everyone.
Golf is the great equalizer.
Golf is the great national game of Scotland, and is played both by old folk and young people alike.
Golf is the greatest game in the world.
Golf is the hardest game in the world to play, and the easiest to cheat at.
Golf is the hardest game in the world.
Golf is the highest form of self-indulgence.
Golf is the killer.
Golf is the kind of game such people play.
Golf is the leader in popularity with tennis a close second.
Golf is the main attraction at the resort.
Golf is the major sport here, as the village is surrounded by three courses.
Golf is the most coveted of games in the business circles.
Golf is the most in-depth and realistic golf simulator available.
Golf is the most intellectual of all physical sporting endeavors.
Golf is the most popular form of outdoor personal and corporate entertainment.
Golf is the most popular sport followed by horseback riding, mountain biking and water sports.
Golf is THE most time-consuming college sport.
Golf is the one game that has been effectively ridiculed by media.
Golf is the one sport where the senior concept works.
Golf is the only game that has more teachers than players.
Golf is the only sport of all sports where the human body has no consequence.
Golf is the perfect game for computers.
Golf is the perfect sport, because reincarnation is right around the corner.
Golf is the royal and truly ancient sport in many ways.
Golf is the same way.
Golf is the single largest leisure activity for groups.
Golf is the sport of our age group.
Golf is the sport of the next century.
Golf is the sport of the season here.
Golf is the ultimate sport.
Golf is the world's greatest or the world's most frustrating game.
Golf is their life.
Golf is tired.
Golf is tough enough and perfect shots at the perfect time are far too rare.
Golf is traditionally a quiet sport.
Golf is truly a gift.
Golf is truly the game of a lifetime.
Golf is truly the most fun.
Golf is twenty percent mechanics and technique.
Golf is under good hands on the Internet.
Golf is unique in the values it teaches.
Golf is up.
Golf is very challenging for any beginner.
Golf is very complicated.
Golf is very different in Japan.
Golf is very hard.
Golf is very popular in Australia.
Golf is very popular in Japan.
Golf is very popular with numerous first-class courses in area.
Golf is very popular.
Golf is very slow-paced.
Golf is very, very difficult.
Golf is viable, yes.
Golf is war.
Golf is within easy driving distance.
Golf is within two miles.
Golf is, after all, a sport of simplicity and incredible skill.
Golf is, after all, an outdoor sport.
Golf is, basically, a niche sport.
Golf is, well, golf.
Golf isa game.
Golf just blocks away or picnic at the parks just a block away.
Golf just steps away.
Golf lends itself to that because it is a social game.
Golf lives here.
Golf needs it.
Golf needs more imagination and heart.
Golf needs more rules workshops.
Golf needs noise and lots of it.
Golf needs that.
Golf needs to be more inclusive, but that takes time.
Golf now attracts a diverse group of players, especially women and young adults.
Golf now ranks third among sports attracting female participants, behind walking and running.
Golf offers a slightly more leisurely pace.
Golf offers all the mystery of a gift-wrapped present.
Golf offers an opportunity for individual skill development and socialization.
Golf offers the ultimate sport content for the convergence of new media platforms.
Golf outings a specialty.
Golf packages a speciality.
Golf passes available.
Golf pays more than lip service to being a game of honor.
Golf pits golfers against trees, sand, water, curves of the earth, physics and themselves.
GOLF Play at one of the best golf resorts of the world.
Golf prides itself on being a game for gentlemen, but in actuality it is a game for liars.
Golf produces uncommonly rich moments and relationships, however fleeting.
Golf promotes the concept of pursuing a common goal through interaction.
Golf range open to the public.
Golf relies on business, and business relies on golf.
Golf remains a straightforward game.
Golf remains both a passion and an eternal mystery.
Golf remains the number one reason that visitors and residents seek out Naples, Florida.
Golf remains true to tradition in that it still serves a very social purpose.
Golf represents all golf commentary, pro-ams, exhibitions and TV previews.
Golf requires a balanced emotional level.
Golf requires a lot of discipline and self motivation.
Golf requires an intricate coordination of many muscles.
Golf requires an unbelievable set of multi-faceted abilities.
Golf requires finesse.
Golf requires patience.
Golf requires power, strength, and finesse.
Golf requires tremendous focus and concentration, along with the ability to relax.
Golf rules A brief tutorial on the rules of golf.
GOLF says it all.
Golf scramble for benefit.
Golf screams to be seen in motion.
Golf separates the men from the poise.
Golf Stay out of the bunker.
Golf takes on many descriptions.
Golf takes patience, hard work, skill and dedication.
Golf takes up too much of our time.
Golf takes work, and so does Christian discipleship.
Golf takes work.
Golf teaches integrity, for example.
Golf tends to be an affluent sport and, in some country clubs, the affluence is extreme.
Golf there are several courses near by.
Golf tours a speciality.
Golf transcends human life.
Golf truly is a year round sport.
Golf usually is.
All golf is subject to availability.
All golf is subject to change to availability.
More golf is played on public facilities than private ones.
A golfer is a player
Golfers actually enjoy their rounds and most come back to play.
Golfers agree to be personally liable for any damage done by errant golf balls.
Golfers also are like that.
Golfers also can have their swings analyzed by a machine and take a few whacks in a golf simulator.
Golfers also enjoy playing on one of Southern California's truly 'traditional' courses.
Golfers appreciate the eighteen hole public course nearby.
Golfers are a different breed of athlete.
Golfers are a strange breed.
Golfers are able to hit shots with lower trajectory using the same amount of loft.
Golfers are affluent, many own computers and are always looking for an edge.
Golfers are also in luck with several great courses conveniently close at hand.
Golfers are also well served.
Golfers are always a sure bet.
Golfers are at risk for many types of injuries.
Golfers are athletes.
Golfers are delighted to find three beautiful courses to challenge their skills.
Golfers are desperate for any product or instruction that can truly improve their game.
Golfers are dots on the rugged canvas below.
Golfers are especially welcome.
Golfers are famous for strange habits.
Golfers are fond of the course because of the variety of play it offers.
Golfers are in seventh heaven, with a multitude of top-class courses to enjoy.
Golfers are much higher paying clients than the average traveller.
Golfers are never in any physical peril.
Golfers are no more athletes than stock-car drivers, or bowlers, or chess players.
Golfers are notorious for replaying shots in their minds.
Golfers are people and they have other concerns besides golf.
Golfers are personally liable for damage done to houses and shop fronts.
Golfers are players.
Golfers are pleased to find six public courses within a twenty minute drive from the inn.
Golfers are pleased with the nearby excellent golf courses.
Golfers are ready to hit the links.
Golfers are responsible for damage to private property.
Golfers are responsible for their own greens and cart fees.
Golfers are spoilt for choice in selecting where to play.
Golfers are such a strange breed, treating the game like some religious ritual.
Golfers are sure to enjoy themselves at all of the day s exciting activities.
Golfers are tired of being cooped up.
Golfers are truly at home in Morgantown.
Golfers are very concerned about losing flexibility from strength training.
Golfers are very passionate about their courses.
Golfers are Welcome here.
Golfers are well catered for with a public course and a driving range nearby.
Golfers are well looked after.
Golfers are workers.
Golfers are, in general, a most unsympathetic lot.
Golfers ask about our golf packages.
Golfers call their own plays.
Golfers can also enjoy a variety of snacks and soft drinks in the pro shop.
Golfers can also find a multitude of golfing opportunities on the area golf courses.
Golfers can also practice their swing at the driving range and practice green.
Golfers can also sharpen their game at the driving range, practice bunker and putting green.
Golfers can also take lessons on swinging and driving range strategies.
Golfers can also talk to each other through the site's chat room.
Golfers can also use the grass practice range.
Golfers can always play as guests.
Golfers can avoid the windiest conditions by playing early in the day.
Golfers can book tee times, search for courses and maintain their golf handicap.
Golfers can bring their own teams.
Golfers can buy clubs, bags, shoes, ext.
Golfers can check out daily news, updates on all the pro tours and plenty of other stuff.
Golfers can choose from a large number of courses nearby.
Golfers can choose from nine award-winning courses surrounded by wetlands and marsh near Ocean City.
Golfers can choose from seven area courses.
Golfers can choose from six public and three private courses.
Golfers can choose from some of France's best courses.
Golfers can choose from two local golf courses and a driving range.
Golfers can develop ambidexterity and lower scores.
Golfers can enjoy a scenic overlook of the Des Lacs Lake and valley from most of the course.
Golfers can enjoy both the fantastic scenery of the courses and their remarkably low fees.
Golfers can enjoy lovely scenery including coastal courses.
Golfers can enjoy many courses throughout the Gateway region constructed by top designers.
Golfers can enjoy numerous courses in the area.
Golfers can enjoy one of Australia's best golfing havens.
Golfers can enjoy several championship golf courses.
Golfers can enjoy the most fabulous courses in the Western Cape.
Golfers can enjoy the new clubhouse that recently opened.
Golfers can enjoy year round play.
Golfers can enter scores, calculate handicaps, and generate detail reports and charts.
Golfers can find fairways in neighboring Price Hill or Green Township.
Golfers can find plenty of greens in the area, and know they are getting quality putting.
Golfers can form a foursome, golf alone or be placed on a team.
Golfers can get in a few holes on site as well.
Golfers can gravitate towards the two world class courses and a variety of smaller ones nearby.
Golfers can indulge in their favorite sport seven days a week here.
Golfers can learn to develop a high performance state of mind and maintain it throughout their game.
Golfers can learn, shop and discuss the game here, or they can just check the weather.
Golfers can lower their handicap by identifying strengths and weaknesses in their game.
Golfers can mimic a golf swing.
Golfers can obtain tee times for reunion weekend directly from a number of area courses.
Golfers can obtain tee times for Reunion weekend directly from a number of area courses.
Golfers can often play up to ten months a year at local courses.
Golfers can pick up the ball in flight quicker and read greens more accurately.
Golfers can plan a golf trip to Scotland on one website.
Golfers can play a different course every day of the week and kid-friendly activities abound.
Golfers can play at one of the neighbouring courses.
Golfers can play at one of three courses near Sheridan.
Golfers can play at top courses, with tee times pre-arranged on board.
Golfers can play in one or all five tournaments.
Golfers can play many of the Kingdom's championship courses.
Golfers can play on the second oldest course in Kentucky.
Golfers can put down whatever kind of wildlife they see, and when, and make notes about it.
Golfers can register in advance with a foursome, or can join a foursome the day of the event.
Golfers can register in the pro shop.
Golfers can rejoice in several wonderful courses within only a few minutes drive.
Golfers can rejoice.
Golfers can relax and enjoy a snack or beverage in the licensed clubhouse.
Golfers can relax in the spacious clubhouse and compare their scores after a day on the links.
Golfers can rent carts and clubs.
Golfers can rent clubs and carts, there is also a practice range for the gorlfer's use.
Golfers can sample many fine public courses throughout York County.
Golfers can sample the many fine public courses throughout York County.
Golfers can score their round on an electronic scorecard and then later upload it to the Web.
Golfers can see the beautiful Spokane River from several holes.
Golfers can seem ice cold.
Golfers can set tee times at tour-quality golf courses, as well as golf lessons.
Golfers can share lockers.
Golfers can sign up as a two-person team or be paired with another golf fanatic.
Golfers can sign up in foursomes, pairs or singles for the tournament.
Golfers can significantly increase their driving power.
Golfers can start the day warming up on a water driving range.
Golfers can take advantage of the four area courses nearly year round.
Golfers can take advantage of the many golf courses accessible in the area.
Golfers can tee off at any of the island's four excellent courses.
Golfers can tee off year round at the city's golf courses and driving ranges.
Golfers can tee up at five golf courses in the area.
Golfers can try the two indoor driving ranges and two practice putting greens.
Golfers can unwind on the greens of four beautiful golf courses.
Golfers change clubs to fit conditions.
Golfers come from all over the world to play the birthplace of golf.
Golfers come in all shapes and sizes, with varying degrees of athletic skills and reflexes.
Golfers come individually or in foursomes to participate in the festivities.
Golfers come out to play golf.
Golfers come to play it for reasons as complex as the city's recent history.
Golfers comeback time after time for the excellent course condition and challenging layout.
Golfers complete the event at their own pace and receive lunch and refreshments throughout the day.
Golfers consider it nirvana.
Golfers cross it four times as they play the nine holes.
Golfers do have lives off the golf course.
Golfers do have money.
Golfers do it with their putters.
Golfers do their own laundry.
Golfers do use buggies in Britain.
Golfers enjoy a large number of golf courses a short drive from the City of Geneva.
Golfers enjoy a relaxed round of golf and a catered meal.
Golfers enjoy a view of Sunrise Mountain throughout their rounds.
Golfers enjoy music, golf and a wonderful repast.
Golfers enjoy the challenges offered by several area golf courses.
Golfers enjoy the many golf courses located throughout the city.
Golfers enjoy whale watching and golfing at the same time.
Golfers everywhere cringe as the gang double as makeshift caddies at the private club.
Golfers everywhere know that golf courses in Virginia offer challenge, variety and value.
Golfers everywhere struggle with slicing.
Golfers face a greater penalty the further off line the shot is in the bunker.
Golfers face a happy choice.
Golfers face an intimidating tee shot over a long waste bunker.
Golfers fall victim to the same vices and temptations as other athletes.
Golfers feel as if they are comfortably settled within their own private club.
Golfers feel the ball itself instead of the impact in the shaft.
Golfers find their putting skills disappearing for a few rounds.
Golfers gather early to register and hit the links.
Golfers gather to play together, compete, and obtain handicaps.
Golfers generally are cordial, accessible and, above all, they understand who signs their paychecks.
Golfers get drunk and beat their wives.
Golfers get more out of their sets to cover wider yardage gaps.
Golfers get quick picks of the best tee times available, no waiting, no hassle.
Golfers get their money's worth.
Golfers go to extremes.
Golfers grab breakfast on their way to the course and something stronger on their way off.
Golfers have a choice of six courses.
Golfers have a selection of courses to play.
Golfers have a tendency to think about the outsides of their feet.
Golfers have alternate routes to play the hole.
Golfers have ample opportunity to play their favorite sport on both public and private golf courses.
Golfers have an abundance of courses to choose from in the Atlanta area.
Golfers have full access to resort facilities, including swimming pool, sauna and fitness room.
Golfers have little white ones.
Golfers have nine first-class courses from which to choose.
Golfers have several nearby top-rated courses from which to choose.
Golfers have several public and private courses from which to choose.
Golfers have sponsorship worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Golfers have the choice of several courses in the area.
Golfers have the choice of three golf courses within easy reach.
Golfers have the option of four teeing areas.
Golfers have their choice of four distinctly different courses with penn links bent grass greens.
Golfers have their choice of several excellent courses throughout the region.
Golfers have three valley courses to choose from.
Golfers have to think and place every shot.
Golfers have trouble with fairway woods because they incorrectly judge the shot.
Golfers instinctively blame themselves.
Golfers know it's easier to play up than down.
Golfers know that it works.
Golfers know what that means.
Golfers learn, for the first time, how to avoid expectations and over some comfort zones in golf.
Golfers like to check forecasts before beginning their rounds.
Golfers love it.
Golfers love the early morning rounds and the clean desert air.
Golfers love the great greens.
Golfers love to play golf.
Golfers love to talk about the game.
Golfers meet in hotel lobby at noon.
Golfers never get death threats.
Golfers observe proper golf attire and observe proper golf etiquette at all times.
Golfers Open the door to savings and the best course and travel information on the web.
Golfers paradise in two words , although there are other ways to get close to nature.
Golfers pay a registration fee to participate in the one-day events.
Golfers pick from five tee boxes.
Golfers pick their best score during the two-month period and send it to league officials.
Golfers play beneath a breezy blue sky, or take a break under the aging shade trees.
Golfers play nine holes at the full facility course located on Otter Bay Road.
Golfers play nine holes, all par three, and use three golf clubs.
Golfers play the game they love so that kids with cancer can play the games they love.
Golfers play the game they love so that kids with cancer can play thee games they love.
Golfers play the game, soccer players play the game, baseball players play in their leagues.
Golfers play their own ball on each hole, but only the lowest score is recorded as the team score.
Golfers play to a narrow fairway from the tee.
Golfers play unhampered by big city rates or traffic.
Golfers pose for a team picture before heading out on the course.
Golfers practice their swing.
Golfers psych themselves out by selling themselves short.
Golfers pull their heads on every stroke.
Golfers purchase for collecting and remembering great visits and vacations.
Golfers raise donations through individual pledges.
Golfers rate it a beautiful resort course, although with strong winds.
Golfers rate it a tough course with windy conditions and great ocean views and scenery.
Golfers rave about the beautiful black lava and putting greens.
Golfers reference our web page consistently and are becoming more computer literate.
Golfers reinvent their golf games all the time.
Golfers report it is a wide-open course, a pleasure to play, with some interesting holes.
Golfers report lower golf scores.
Golfers request it year after year.
Golfers require handicap certificates.
Golfers riding in carts are especially susceptible to playing the wrong club.
Golfers say single-rider carts detract from their sense of camaraderie.
Golfers say the course is good for the money, a nice semi links-style course.
Golfers say the course is long and difficult if winds are blowing hard.
Golfers say the wind makes it a tough and interesting course.
Golfers seem to have a language of their own.
Golfers share it with row boaters and small trawlers.
Golfers shave strokes with graphite drivers.
Golfers start on the third hole.
Golfers starts young and are encouraged and supported as they develop.
Golfers step back and regroup when a robin twitters up in a tree.
Golfers still slice, still swing too fast, still leave the ball in the sand.
Golfers stroll among pine trees, waterfalls, fountains.
Golfers study tapes of their swings.
Golfers supply their own clubs.
Golfers take advantage of the Crystal Coast's mild climate.
Golfers take it upon themselves.
Golfers take perverse pleasure in the fact that they play a game that can never be mastered.
Golfers take their dogs out for a round.
Golfers take to the courses to fine-tune their swing for the upcoming season.
Golfers talk about getting up and down.
Golfers tee off into the valley, playing along the Snake River.
Golfers tend to be gamblers.
Golfers tend to be very religious.
Golfers tend to stiffen up, lose focus of the swing, and often chunk the ball into the drink.
Golfers think it's great fun to have a llama caddy.
Golfers too can place orders directly, using a retailer identification number.
Golfers try to avoid surcharges on their packages.
Golfers try to run before they walk.
Golfers use a formula based on past performance to calculate their handicap.
Golfers use our golf driving range and sandtrap in a completely shaded part of the property.
Golfers use their full regular swing and actually hit a real golf ball.
Golfers visualize their putt running perfectly across the green and into the cup.
Golfers walk around for about four hours on a sunny afternoon hitting a ball with a stick.
Golfers walk the course and spend hours on the driving range before the tournament.
Golfers wear glow necklaces so they can be seen by other groups.
Golfers wearing cleated shoes are particularly good light ning rods.
Golfers wearing cleated shoes are particularly good lightening rods.
Golfers wearing cleated shoes are particularly good lightning rods.
Golfers wearing cleated shoes are really good lightning rods.
Golfers wearing metal cleated shoes are fine lightning rods.
Golfers whack golf balls across the playa.
Golfers win major tournaments into their fifties.
Golfers win most tournaments with great putting.
Golfers wind down with lunch at the club house.
Golfers wishing to improve their game can enlist the services of the six pros on staff.
Golfers work very hard in a very competitive sport.
Golfers worry about birdies and bogeys, drives and divots.
Golfers always worry about getting the yips and about hurting their backs.
Golfers often feel they only have time to play the game.
Golfers often line up well in advance of opening time.
Golfers often talk about being addicted to the game.
All golfers are different.
All golfers are responsible for damage to the golf course, golf carts and property of others.
All golfers are temperamental.
All golfers are to repair their own ball marks.
All golfers are to some extent.
All golfers are welcome for a fun day of golfing, prizes and lunch.
All golfers are welcome, even if they aren t alumni.
All golfers are welcome.
All golfers can benefit from their techniques.
All golfers can enjoy a round of golf here.
All golfers can practice their swing, warm-up or improve their putting on the practice green.
All golfers fear and hate the One.
All golfers hit bad shots.
All golfers know how humbling their sport can be.
All golfers love a challenge.
All golfers love to play a variety of courses.
All golfers react to visual input.
All golfers receive a gift bag, refreshments, and a BBQ luncheon.
All golfers ride.
All golfers welcome with tee times.
Any golfer can dramatically improve their scores through using mental training.
Any golfer can see right through that.
Any golfer knows that they both have won a lot of tournaments since then.
Every golfer can be a good putter.
Every golfer does.
Every golfer has an opinion of a golf course that they've played.
Every golfer has one.
Every golfer has several shirts, hats, and dozens of balls.
Every golfer has to deal with the elements, whether it's rain, wind, heat or cold.
Every golfer hits wayward shots from time to time.
Every golfer is different in how they take in and integrate new information.
Every golfer is guaranteed a door prize.
Every golfer is provided a comment card.
Every golfer is welcome from experts to duffers.
Every golfer knows a player that is simply referred to as that guy .
Every golfer knows that developing a smooth, consistent swing is essential to improving one's game.
Every golfer knows that it is important to keep one's eye on the ball.
Every golfer knows that making permanent swing changes can be a major project.
Every golfer knows that the game amounts to a lot more than 'a good walk'.
Every golfer knows the frustration.
Every golfer knows the importance of driving golf balls into the target.
Every golfer needs to know how the mind affects the game.
Every golfer needs to switch drivers at least twice a year.
Every golfer plays with a handicap, but some handicaps are more real for some golfers.
Every golfer receives a prize.
Every golfer wants to enjoy a fair match on any golf course.
Every golfer wants to hit the ball farther.
Every golfer wants to increase distance and accuracy.
Many golfers agree.
Many golfers aim right of the green and count on their short games to prevail.
Many golfers align their bodies with the targets.
Many golfers are better at walking the walk than talking the talk.
Many golfers believe that the arm action begins at the top of the backswing.
Many golfers bend from the waist which gives the back the appearance of being rounded or hunched.
Many golfers call it the finest course in the state.
Many golfers care about wildlife on their courses.
Many golfers choose to play in light or intermittent rain.
Many golfers consider a golf car a disadvantage because it distracts their attention.
Many golfers consider it their identity.
Many golfers experience low back pain every time they play.
Many golfers have a favorite club in their set.
Many golfers have difficulty reducing the tension in hands and body.
Many golfers have it backwards.
Many golfers have that one club in their bag that they feel the most comfortable with.
Many golfers like to begin the swing with a forward-press of the hands, hips or right knee.
Many golfers look as if they are experiencing anything but a good time while on the course.
Many golfers lose their balance because of tension in their legs.
Many golfers make a common error in judgement when they play certain types of holes.
Many golfers miss putts because they lift their heads too early.
Many golfers move their head and upper body forward in their follow through.
Many golfers move their head and upper body forward in their follow-through.
Many golfers never stop to think about why they play the game.
Many golfers only award the point if the player holes out with a par for the hole.
Many golfers play in pain or suffer stiffness and soreness afterwards.
Many golfers prefer to play a different course at every hotel.
Many golfers putt poorly because of poor technique.
Many golfers rush the downswing, throwing off the timing between the upper and lower body.
Many golfers suffer a mild form of chunking without realizing it.
Many golfers take their grip and stance first and then lower the clubhead to the ball.
Many golfers take up the game when they're shorter than a golf club.
Many golfers tend to play within their own 'comfort zone'.
Many golfers travel to the island to enjoy the beautiful courses.
Many golfers try to lift the ball up into the air.
Many golfers try to tuck the right elbow too close to the body during the backswing.
Most golfers actually have too much turn, rotation, or coiling of the body on the backswing.
Most golfers aim for the center of the green, no matter where the pin is positioned.
Most golfers aim poorly, so before they start they're fighting a loosing battle.
Most golfers are lucky to receive one statue in their honor.
Most golfers are satisfied if they can get their ball into the hole.
Most golfers choose to travel when the season is on.
Most golfers come to play the Stadium, home to the annual Players Championship.
Most golfers continually adjust or make swing changes to compensate for poorly fitted equipment.
Most golfers determine the amount of break of a putt from past experience.
Most golfers fail to tilt their upper bodies enough from the hip joints.
Most golfers fancy themselves at some level as athletes.
Most golfers have a good idea how far they hit their irons in perfect conditions.
Most golfers have no idea they are moving their bodies on the backswing, the throughswing, or both.
MOST golfers have with gloves is that they wear out too quickly.
Most golfers jump at the chance to 'drive the green' and a few do make it.
Most golfers keep their head focused on the spot where the ball was sitting.
Most golfers know how to train their swings.
Most golfers know the basic rules.
Most golfers know the rule when a ball lands in a hazard.
Most golfers leave their approach shots short, often well short.
Most golfers mistakenly believe the golf swing is the most important thing in golf.
Most golfers play graphite shafts in woods.
Most golfers practice the other way around.
Most golfers prefer hitting off of real ground and our synthetic turf is equal to that.
Most golfers prepare for disaster.
Most golfers realize the importance of consistency in their swings.
Most golfers slice the ball.
Most golfers square up and take the club back low.
Most golfers steal time for a round.
Most golfers take carts.
Most golfers tee it up with the same few people every time they play.
Most golfers tend to be on the mute side to maintain a high level of concentration.
Most golfers tend to fluctuate through both flat and steep positions throughout their swings.
Most golfers try to make their hands go faster in order to generate more clubhead speed.
Most golfers use a six to an eight iron.
Most golfers use the left hand to control the speed of the putterhead during the stroke.
Most golfers work their entire careers never winning any tournaments.
Some golfers already take too much time to hit a shot.
Some golfers are confused about the cost of fitted clubs.
Some golfers are good at hitting their woods.
Some golfers are very serious about the rules and traditions of the game.
Some golfers complain that better technology gives players too much aid.
Some golfers don t realize that they have to be patient with the hole.
Some golfers enjoy seeing elk on the fairways against the backdrop of steeply rising mountains.
Some golfers even use it just to have better concentration on the golf course.
Some golfers go to the driving range when their game is off.
Some golfers pace around incessantly looking for yardage plates.
Some golfers play very conservatively.
Some golfers practice their swing for hours, believing that it's helping their game.
Some golfers prefer using utility woods all the time, even with a good lie in the fairway.
Some golfers refuse to concede anything.
Some golfers run to stay in shape, others figure walking the courses is enough.
Some golfers say it has actually improved scoring.
Golfing abounds nearby on some of the best courses in Arkansas.
Golfing also is popular, with a number of quality courses in the county and surrounding area.
Golfing begins at noon with a shotgun start.
Golfing breaks a speciality.
Golfing creates critter homelessness on the scale of carpet bombing . . .
Golfing Find out where to play golf, and learn about Blacksburg's local golfing resources.
Golfing helps build endurance and improves motor skills as well as balance.
Golfing is a great pastime and activity in the Florida sunshine.
Golfing is a pleasure on a myriad of both public and private courses and clubs.
Golfing is a popular activity during class reunions and family reunions.
Golfing is a prized pastime at the superb nearby courses.
Golfing is a sport that many people actively enjoy.
Golfing is a very popular sport in the area.
Golfing is a way of life here.
Golfing is a way of life in Jacksonville.
Golfing is a year-round passion in Hampton Roads' mild climate.
Golfing is also a favorite pastime for many of our guests.
Golfing is also a great outdoor recreation in Hawaii.
Golfing is also a popular activity on the three area golf courses.
Golfing is also available today.
Golfing is also available.
Golfing is also big in the area.
Golfing is another activity that has potential for economic spin-offs.
Golfing is another favorite hobby of elite police officers.
Golfing is another outdoor sport many students enjoy.
Golfing is another pastime widely enjoyed.
Golfing is available at a very well developed course nearby.
Golfing is available nearby.
Golfing is available on the same grounds.
Golfing is available the day of the reunion.
Golfing is available virtually year-round at seven country clubs and six public courses.
Golfing is available within minutes of the hotel.
Golfing is close by.
Golfing is everyday.
Golfing is exceptional at a variety of public and private championship courses.
Golfing is huge.
Golfing is just another form of packing.
Golfing is just one of the many activities that Silver Bay has to offer.
Golfing is nearby and the restaurants are excellent and numerous.
Golfing is nearby.
Golfing is one of Amelia Island's most popular activities.
Golfing is one of the island's most popular sports.
Golfing is one of the most popular activities in the area.
Golfing is relaxing.
Golfing is right next door, and there are numerous courses in the area.
Golfing is the big pasttime here and they supposedly have an excellent course.
Golfing is unique because it requires a relatively large, dedicated playing area.
Golfing is very popular as well as fishing, snowmobiling, boating and skiing.
Golfing is very popular in Scotland, with people from all walks of life playing the game.
Golfing is very relaxing, and a great way to spend time with friends and family.
Golfing is what many of our guests come here for.
Golfing just minutes away.
Golfing plays a large role in the list of leisure activities.
Golfing sunglasses Designer sunglasses at rock bottom prices.
Golfings is playing games.
Golfings is playing.
Golgi apparatus are primarily responsible for the proper sorting of lipids and proteins in cells.
Golgi apparatus is organelles.
Golgi apparatus processes certain types of newly synthesized protein.
Golgi apparatus tend to be more abundant in developing cells than when mature and secreting.
Golgi bodies are the packaging and secreting organelles of the cell.
Golgi bodies are thus particularly abundant in secretory cells.
Golgi cells are the only elements within the cerebellar cortex that inhibit granule cells.
Golgi cells create a brief burst of granule cell activity.
A goliath is a person
Goliaths are nine-foot high challenges.
Goliaths do slightly more damage using melee weapons.
Gompertz law claims that in humans the death rate increases exponentially.
A gonad is a gland
Gonad isa gland.
Gonads also make reproductive hormones.
Gonads are a tribe of wandering desert people.
Gonads are absorbed.
Gonads are consistent with genotype but external genitalia is opposite.
Gonads are conspicuous in specimens captured during or just prior to the reproductive season.
Gonads are endocrine glands.
Gonads are formed.
Gonads are gasrtodermal.
Gonads are glands.
Gonads are only prevalent during the reproductive period.
Gonads are organs which produce sex cells.
Gonads are responsible for producing the ova and sperm.
Gonads are testes and ovaries.
Gonads are the reproductive glands that produce sperm in males and eggs in females.
Gonads are, in fact, internal lying into the gastric pouches but they are visible externally.
Gonads begin differentiation into ovaries or testes by the seventh week after fertilization.
Gonads develop in the lining of the digestive cavity.
Gonads develop on mature polyps.
Gonads have (part) corpi.
Gonads have (part) lobes.
Gonads lie near the stomach.
Gonads release eggs or sperm into the water and the fertilized eggs develop into planulae.
Gonads secrete hormones.
Gonads secrete sex hormones.
Some gonads have bases.
Some gonads have ectoderms.
Some gonads have outer ectoderms.
Some gonads look like grapes.
Gonadal development is labile to hormonal influences in birds while it is at the indifferent stage.
Gonadal dysfunction is a frequent result of high-dose chemoradiotherapy.
Gonadal hormones are very important causes of osteoporosis.
Gonadal index is maximum at the spawning stage and minimum at postspawning.
Gonadal religion is a curse.
Gonadal ridges differentiate into either testes or ovaries a.
Gonadal sex is determined when the indifferent gonad differentiates as either testis or ovary.
Gonadal Sex is related to having either ovaries or testes.
Gonadal shielding is recommended for male dogs.
Gonadal steroids have paradoxical effects on brain oxytocin receptors.
Gonadal steroids regulate dendritic spine density in hippocampal pyramidal cells in adulthood.
Gonadal steroids regulate the number and activational state of mast cells in the medial habenula.
Gonadal teratomas occur more frequently after puberty.
A gonadotrophin is a hormone
Gonadotrophins also raise the risk of multiple births and can overstimulate the ovaries.
Gonadotrophins come only from the pituitary.
Gonadotropin dose is determined on a case by case basis.
Gonadotropin levels are low, reflecting the central origin of the defect.
Gonadotropin is a hormone
Gonadotropin is hormones.
Gonadotropin is proteins.
Gonadotropins are hormones that cause ovulation.
Gonadotropins are hormones that stimulate ovarian function.
Gonadotropins are hormones that tell the testicles to make sperm or the uterus to release an egg .
Gonadotropins are hormones that tell the testicles to make sperm or the uterus to release an egg.
Gonadotropins are natural human hormones that can cause a powerful stimulation of the ovaries.
Gonadotropins are powerful ovarian stimulants.
Gonadotropins are the natural hormones that normally regulate ovarian function.
Gonadotropins become sensitive to estrogen feedback suppression and fall to undetectable levels.
A gondola car is a freight car
Gondola cars have a roof and bench seats facing out.
Gondola lifts can have intermediate stops that allow for uploading and downloading on the lift.
A gondola is a compartment
Gondola isa container.
Gondolas are custom-designed for specific applications.
Gondolas carry tourists.
Gondolas have (part) axles.
Gondolas have (part) brakes.
Gondolas have (part) infrastructures.
Gondolas have (part) sections.
Gondolas have (part) suspension systems.
Gondolas have (part) wheels.
Most gondolas carry tourists.
Some gondolas carry families.
Some gondolier restaurants offer pizzas.
A gondolier is a waterman
Gondolier isa boatman.
Gondoliers are boatmans.
Gondoliers have (part) arms.
Gondoliers have (part) body substances.
Gondoliers have (part) cell membranes.
Gondoliers have (part) cells.
Gondoliers have (part) corpi.
Gondoliers have (part) cytoplasm.
Gondoliers have (part) heads.
Gondoliers have (part) human bodies.
Gondoliers have (part) legs.
Gondoliers have (part) material bodies.
Gondoliers have (part) necks.
Gondoliers have (part) nuclei.
Gondoliers have (part) personality.
Gondoliers have (part) plasma membranes.
Gondoliers have (part) sections.
Gondoliers have (part) vacuoles.
Gondoliers pay their respects near the scene of the German tourist's death in Venice.
Gondoliers ply their trade between stores.
Gondoliers poll along a fleet of twenty-two gondolas.
Gondoliers serenade passengers and white doves soar above the bustling crowds.
Most gondoliers learn from their fathers or uncles, then inherit their boats.
Some gondoliers show teeth.
Gondwanaland isa thing.
A gong is a musical instrument
Gong isa device.
Gongs are typically foot or cord operated on streetcar and other trolley equipment.
Gongs have (part) sections.
Goniatite fossils are common in northern Arkansas.
Gonococcal ophthalmia is a disease that occurs in neonates, adolescents, and young adults.
Gonorrhea infection can be present without symptoms and therefore be unknowingly transmitted.
Gonorrhea infection can spread to other unlikely parts of the body.
Gonorrhea infection causes symptoms.
Gonorrhea infections can occur in the reproductive organs, urethra, rectum, and throat.
Gonorrhea rates are at a historical low.
A gonorrhea is contagion
Gonorrhea affects both men and women in equal numbers.
Gonorrhea can affect the liver joints and a woman's ability to have a baby.
Gonorrhea can also cause infertility in women.
Gonorrhea can also infect the rectum .
Gonorrhea can be symptom-free.
Gonorrhea can be very dangerous to a person's health if it is left untreated.
Gonorrhea can cause a sore throat.
Gonorrhea can cause inflammation of the urinary tract in men and women.
Gonorrhea can certainly affect the pregnancy by affecting the mom.
Gonorrhea can even be fatal if complications such as pelvic infection or tubal pregnancy occur.
Gonorrhea can infect men, women, and children.
Gonorrhea can lead to infection of the urethra, cervix, rectum, and throat.
Gonorrhea can lead to pelvic inflammatory disease, difficulties in pregnancy and infertility.
Gonorrhea can occur in the reproductive organs, urethra, rectum and throat.
Gonorrhea can root on fingers, eyes and the throat.
Gonorrhea can spread and cause complications.
Gonorrhea can spread to the blood or joints.
Gonorrhea causes a discharge, pain and sometimes tubal infection, fever and more severe illness.
Gonorrhea causes serious infections in women's fallopian tubes which can lead to sterility.
Gonorrhea has no long term consequences if it is treated and cured.
Gonorrhea infects millions each year.
Gonorrhea is a bacterial infection of the genital area that often has no symptoms.
Gonorrhea is a bacterial infection that causes a so-called infectious arthritis.
Gonorrhea is a bacterial sexually transmitted disease.
Gonorrhea is a bacterium that can cause sterility, arthritis and heart problems.
Gonorrhea is a bacterium that can cause sterility, arthritis, and heart problems.
Gonorrhea is a case in point.
Gonorrhea is a classic example.
Gonorrhea is a common infectious disease that is usually transmitted by intimate sexual contact.
Gonorrhea is a germ that most commonly grows in the cervix area.
Gonorrhea is a highly contagious sexually transmitted disease.
Gonorrhea is a kidney-shaped bacterium that grows in pairs.
Gonorrhea is a ly transmitted disease.
Gonorrhea is a major cause of pelvic inflammatory disease, infertility, and ectopic pregnancy.
Gonorrhea is a serious bacterial infection.
Gonorrhea is a sexually transmitted bacterial infection of the sex organs, throat and rectum.
Gonorrhea is a sexually transmitted disease caused by the gonococcus bacteria.
Gonorrhea is a sexually transmitted disease that causes infection of the genitals.
Gonorrhea is a very common infectious disease.
Gonorrhea is a very common sexually transmitted disease seen in both males and females.
Gonorrhea is an important public-health issue, especially for females of childbearing age.
Gonorrhea is an infection that is spread through sexual contact with another person.
Gonorrhea is an infection which is easily transmitted by sexual contact.
Gonorrhea is as well.
Gonorrhea is caused by bacteria and is highly contagious.
Gonorrhea is caused by bacteria, and it is treated with antibiotics.
Gonorrhea is caused by bacteria.
Gonorrhea is caused by the bacteria gonococcus .
Gonorrhea is caused by the bacterium neisseria gonorrhoeae .
Gonorrhea is curable but if untreated can cause pelvic-inflammatory disease.
Gonorrhea is curable with certain types of antibiotics.
Gonorrhea is curable with penicillin being the most effective antibiotic.
Gonorrhea is curable.
Gonorrhea is diagnosed by laboratory culture and is treated with antibiotics.
Gonorrhea is diagnosed through examination of secretions from the penis or cervix.
Gonorrhea is fairly common and does more damage to women than to men.
Gonorrhea is highest among sexually active adolescents and young adults.
Gonorrhea is now the most common of the reportable infectious diseases in the United States.
Gonorrhea is once again life-threatening in Southeast Asia.
Gonorrhea is one disease that attacks the prostate.
Gonorrhea is one of the most common infectious diseases in the world.
Gonorrhea is one of the most common sexually transmitted diseases.
Gonorrhea is one of the most common STDs, with one million new cases in the U.S. each year.
Gonorrhea is one of the most well known STDs.
Gonorrhea is one such bacterial infection that causes a so-called infectious arthritis.
Gonorrhea is passed from one person to another during vaginal, anal, and oral sex.
Gonorrhea is readily curable with antibiotics if detected early.
Gonorrhea is reported more frequently from urban areas than from rural areas.
Gonorrhea is responsible for most of the remaining cases.
Gonorrhea is responsible for much of the rest.
Gonorrhea is spread between sex partners during oral sex, intercourse or the sharing of sex toys.
Gonorrhea is spread by direct person to person contact.
Gonorrhea is spread by having oral vaginal or anal sex with a person who already had the infection.
Gonorrhea is spread by vaginal, anal and oral intercourse.
Gonorrhea is spread directly by person to person contact.
Gonorrhea is spread through direct sexual contact with an infected person.
Gonorrhea is spread through oral, anal, or vaginal contact with someone who has gonorrhea.
Gonorrhea is spread through sexual contact.
Gonorrhea is spread through sexual intercourse, vaginal, oral, and anal.
Gonorrhea is spread through unprotected oral, vaginal, or anal sex with an infected person.
Gonorrhea is spread through unprotected sex with an infected person.
Gonorrhea is spread through vaginal, oral or anal intercourse.
Gonorrhea is still very common and increasing in frequency.
Gonorrhea is the cause of the most cases.
Gonorrhea is the most common cause of arthritis in the adolescent.
Gonorrhea is the most common co-infection with adult inclusion conjunctivitis.
Gonorrhea is the most commonly reported infectious disease in the United States.
Gonorrhea is the most frequently reported infectious disease in the United States.
Gonorrhea is transmitted between humans through intimate contact of the mucous membrane.
Gonorrhea is transmitted by intimate sexual contact.
Gonorrhea is transmitted from person to person through direct contact, usually sexual.
Gonorrhea is transmitted through sexual intercourse.
Gonorrhea is transmitted through vaginal, anal or oral sex with an infected partner.
Gonorrhea is transmitted through vaginal, oral and anal intercourse.
Gonorrhea is treatable with antibiotic therapy.
Gonorrhea is treated aggressively with antibiotics.
Gonorrhea is treated and can be cured with antibiotics.
Gonorrhea is treated with antibiotic drugs taken orally or by an injection.
Gonorrhea is treated with antibiotic drugs, given either by mouth or as a shot.
Gonorrhea is treated with antibiotic pills.
Gonorrhea is treated with antibiotics but many strains have become resistant.
Gonorrhea is treated with antibiotics, taken by mouth or given as a shot.
Gonorrhea is treated with antibiotics.
Gonorrhea is treated with medicine that is injected into the buttocks.
Gonorrhea is usually symptomatic in men but often asymptomatic in women.
Gonorrhea is venereal catarrh, inflammation of the urethral mucous membrane.
Gonorrhea isa disease.
Gonorrhea requires immediate medical attention and is diagnosed with special tests.
Gonorrhea -Thick yellow or white discharge.
Gonorrheas are bacterial infection.
Gonorrheas are diseases.
Gonorrheas are venereal diseases.
Gonorrhea often goes hand in hand with another sexually transmitted disease, chlamydia.
Gonorrhea often occurs together with chlamydia and syphilis.
Gonorrhea often occurs together with chlamydia.
Gonorrhea often produces no symptoms in women, except vaginal itching or discharge.
Gonorrheal infections are associated with burning or sharp penis pains during ejaculation .
Gonorrheal infections are associated with burning or sharp penis pains during ejaculation.
Gonzo journalism is a style of new journalism.
Gonzo journalism is born.
Gonzo riders can drag their knees.
Goo is matter
Goo isa matter.
More goo falls into the bowl.
A goober pea is a nut
Goober peas are the common name for peanuts.
Goober peas permeate their earliest memories.
A goober is a nut
Goobers just don t have as much of the responsible chemicals as a standard bubbler.
Good abstracts are paramount.
Good academics is a given.
Good access is available to clinical equipment.
Good access is provided by foot trails.
Good access translates into good preventive health care, such as timely checkups and dental care.
Good accessibility makes business operations more efficient and therefore more competitive.
Good accessories make all the difference here, too.
Good accessories make grilling even more fun.
Good accommodation is easy to find in Stanley.
Good accommodation suited to every budget is provided across the island.
Good accompaniments are rice, pasta or pan-grilled polenta.
Some good accompaniments are pinto beans and salsa as side dishes.
Good accounts make good friends.
Good accountability measures the extent to which an organization is effective.
Good accountants are worth their weight in gold.
Good accuracy is necessary for correlating ground points to pixels on satellite images.
Good acid balances the sweetness.
Good acids make it enjoyable.
Good acidity adds freshness.
Good acidity carries the flavours through on a long finish.
Good acidity holds the sweetness for a nice elegant finish.
Good acidity is important.
Good acidity keeps the wine fresh and clean on the palate.
Good acidity provides the wine's admirable structure.
Good acoustics make intimate concerts enjoyable.
Good acts increase one's freedom, while bad ones limit that freedom.
Good acts maximize pleasure and acts that fail to do so are bad.
Every good act is a charity.
Every good act is charity.
Some good acts are better than others, and some bad acts are worse than others.
Good action dares evil at the highest level.
Good action heroines.
Good action is correlated with quality and proper conformation.
Good action is manifested in goodness.
Good action means the pedals and knee levers are quick, responsive, positive-feeling.
Good action promotes good results.
Good action sequences as well.
Good action sequences throughout, but also good development of the villain as well.
Good actions are far more important than physical strength.
Good actions are the results of good states.
Good actions clarify the mind, evil actions cloud it.
Good actions entail good results, and evil actions entail evil consequences.
Good actions form a shield against the punishment of the hereafter.
Good actions lead to pleasant experiences.
Good actions produce good results.
All good actions unite to make the world as a whole progressively better.
Every good action starts and proceeds enveloped in grace.
Some good action sequences.
Any good activist knows that untangling the corporate web is no easy task.
Good activity is demonstrated with nucleic acid molecules that are blunt ended.
Good activity requires contact between the granule and the soil particles.
Some good activity is planned for progress.
Good actors adapt very quickly.
Good actors are important, but good actors are in abundance.
Good actors know how to use the silence.
Good actors know where they make good movies.
Good actors seek the proper places for stress in a line.
All good actors are a sucker for a good script.
All good actors do research, especially if their roles are outside their normal experience.
Good ads avoid visual clutter, exaggeration, and an over-abundance of ideas and themes.
Good ads avoid visual clutter, exaggeration, and an overabundance of ideas and themes.
Good ads can be difficult and expensive to develop.
Good ads sell products.
Good ads show how purchasing the product can help the targeted audience.
Good additions are leaves, peat moss, and manure.
Good adhesion is essential for the smooth and slick surfaces that vinyl siding provides.
Good adhesion is obtained without special surface preparation.
Good administration is essential to good marketing.
Good administration is every bit as important as making good connections to wires.
Good administrators avoid it.
Good administrators make immediate choices.
Good administrators work effectively with all staff members.
Good adoptions are hard to come by here and funding even harder.
All good adventures begin with a touch of serendipity.
Good adventurers leave behind what they find.
Every good adventurer knows the value of sturdy armor and accurate weapons.
Good advertising can create traffic, interest or an image.
Good advertising is an investment in future profits.
Good advertising is more than just polishing products and creating a buzz.
Good advertising is personal, persuasive, and powerful.
Good advertising is simple.
Good advertising looks easy.
Good advertising produces good results.
Good advertising uses a few key signals to conjure up the core proposition of a brand.
Good advertising works because of good planning, good creative concepts and good execution.
All good advertising creates a dialogue.
Good advice can avert a tragedy.
Good advice can be invaluable.
Good advice can come from unlikely sources.
Good advice can make the difference between success and failure.
Good advice comes from folks who take the user's needs into account.
Good advice comes too late.
Good advice costs money.
Good advice goes far beyond investing.
Good advice has cost-benefits.
Good advice helps clients make their own decisions.
Good advice is a more recent and slightly weaker version.
Good advice is a premium, bad advice is a killer.
Good advice is always cheaper.
Good advice is always free.
Good advice is available from design professionals, insurance companies and roofing installers.
Good advice is based on understanding principles rather than following set recipes.
Good advice is beyond price.
Good advice is essential.
Good advice is great at any price.
Good advice is hard to swallow.
Good advice is like love.
Good advice is needed, but it costs money.
Good advice is one thing, but smart gambling is quite another.
Good advice is worth something.
Good advice jars the ear.
Good advice Select the proper club.
All good advice is welcome.
Some good advice comes in the morning.
Some good advice comes in tonight.
Some good advice given is to pre-think a photo.
Some good advice is provided by vets.
Some good advice is to get involved in school activities.
Some good advice is to stay indoors during a lightning storm.
Some good advice is to throw the boquet early so there are still people left to throw it to.
Good advisors relieve a lot of the stress.
Good advocacy requires careful research into the relevant precedents together with lots of insight.
Good advocates develop and marshal the evidence and present arguments at hearing.
Good aeration is essential for healthy root growth and for efficient uptake of nutrients.
Good aftercare can rescue a weak, poor or broken scene, and make it worthwhile.
Good agencies recognise unions and encourage their staff to join.
Good agents are aware of current casting trends.
Good agents do much more than find homes for manuscripts.
Good agents have a marketing strategy, and they have contacts.
Good agents know best how to accurately price a home.
Good agents work hard, travel extensively and spend a great deal of money advertising their company.
Many good agents use a newsletter to stay in touch with clients.
Good aggregate is actually stronger than cement, and much cheaper.
Good agitation is important during the first few seconds of the developer and bleach-fix steps.
Good agreement helps to establish confidence in the signal simulation.
Good agreement is found between the analytic results and direct numerical integration.
Good agreement is found for most UV features.
Good agreement is found in both scenarios for a composition close to solar.
Good agreement is found in the overall shape and the energies of the spectral features.
Good agreement is found with numerical solutions for the full problem.
Good agreement is found with recent observations, as well as previous non-detections.
Good agreement is observed between the predicted and measured distribution of strength.
Good agreement is observed between theoretically predicted and experimental results.
Good agreement is obtained with available experimental data in the visible region of the spectrum.
Good agreement is obtained with crystallographic data and with absorption data on the band gap.
Good agreement is obtained with the theoretical description of the effect.
Good agreement is obtained.
Good agreement is reached for both winter or summer data.
Good agreement is seen.
Good agreements are an instrument of good policy.
Good agreements bring stability and predictability to the everyday world of a relationship.
Good agreements focus on the parties' interests, rather than their positions.
Good agreements make good projects.
Good aim is achieved because the spring is coiled around a forward-pointing spike.
Good airfares come from aggressive computer skills.
Good airflow is also necessary to prevent any moisture accumulation.
Good airmanship requires accurate tracking of planned radials and flight times.
Good albums are few and far between.
Good ale is meat , drink and cloth .
Good algorithm provides a high speed execution.
Good aliens appear to hail from Jamaica.
Good Aliens Are Actually Bad Aliens.
Good alignment is important at all stages of life.
Good alternatives are now available which deliver necessary benefits without risk of side effects.
Good alternatives do exist.
Good ambition demands that wealth be created in a way that benefits and inspires others.
Good analogies are always relevant.
Good analysis is a necessary preparation for good synthesis.
Good analysis is specific.
Good anchorages are plentiful and varied.
Good angels are capable of patience, joy, compassion, curiosity, and sometimes anger.
Good angles are more important than hitting the ball low.
Good anglers know that the best fishing is in deep holes or pools.
Good animation is TMS animation.
Good animations are expensive.
Some good animations make more benefit than regular motion pictures do.
Good answers are essential in developing the trust between business partners that leads to growth.
Good answers are our insurance policy, our guarantor of success.
Good answers are still valuable.
Good answers distinguish engaging performances from monotonous or intrusive ones.
Good answers reflect attention to grammar, spelling, and legibility.
Good answers spawn pressing questions.
Every good answer leads on to more complex questions.
Many good answers surface, and discussion on how to eliminate variables gets lively.
Every good anthem has a chorus in the first person.
Good antlers are expensive and hard to find.
Most good apartments require a lease of one year.
Good apologies can build credibility, but sorry apologies build mistrust.
Good apologies contain specific elements.
Good apparel helps, too.
Good appearance is vital.
Good application is rare because it is difficult.
Good application is rare because it requires creativity and courage.
Good application is rare because preachers fear being too simple.
Every good application needs a cover letter and a resume.
Good aquifers are porous and permeable.
Good arch supports distribute weight bearing of the foot over a greater surface.
Good archaeology integrates all three.
Good architects are worth the money and they can make all the difference.
Good architects make use of congestion.
Good architecture can speak for itself in any part of town.
Good architecture is about experience.
Good architecture is artistic.
Good architecture is impossible without good clients.
Good architecture is nearly impossible to achieve without good clients.
Good architecture keeps customers happy.
Good architecture provides spaces where strangers interact to become friends.
Good architecture provides the potential for renovation, expansion, and ongoing development.
Good architecture sells because it is so rare.
Good architecture sends an important message.
Good areas are large lawns, open fields, farmland, pastureland, and parks.
Good arguments contain claims and warrants.
Good arguments have a special property called validity.
Good arguments require writing and rewriting.
Good arguments travel all over the manipulation map.
All good arguments are broadly circular.
Some good arguments have names too.
Good arrangement is a pad on an angled platform to the side of the keyboard.
Good art achieves it over time.
Good art can be for that.
Good art comes out of happiness.
Good art comes with a price tag.
Good art comes with many different syles and subjects.
Good art deserves good food and the crowd was satisfied with both.
Good art informs the mind as it connects with the heart.
Good art invites a grasping, a jealousy, a desire, a perversion, from the reader.
Good art is also important.
Good art is always a means to some important end.
Good art is an accurate mirror on the world, imitating nature or some ideal form.
Good art is important.
Good art is of course, completely unclothed.
Good art is usually figurative and bad art abstract or conceptual.
Good art is whatever's got class.
Good art looks easy but it's the result of many hours labour in getting it right.
Good art makes impact.
Good art requires observation, talent and creativity.
Good art says something that hasn t been said before, or it says something in a new way.
Good art speaks truth, indeed is truth, perhaps the only truth.
Good art stimultes sensitivity to art.
Good art supports the abstract thinking throughout the report.
Good art tends to raise questions, and it is important for artists to focus attention the debatable.
Good art trains audiences to look.
Good art wins.
All good art is about something deeper than it admits.
Good articles are a higher status of article than regular articles.
Good articles are also available to the business appraiser.
Good articles are descriptive.
Good articles make a good magazine.
Good articulation is preserved in all ranks.
Good artists are first of all good learners.
Good artists borrow, great artists steal .
Good artists borrow.
Good artists create.
Good artists deserve to be rewarded.
Good artists do both strategies well, poor artists do neither well.
Good artists steal.
Any good artist knows when to stop.
Every good artist knows that to be true.
Every good artist needs a tool box full of art goodies.
Good artwork is necessary to create a good embroidered logo.
Good artwork is required for all photoresist materials.
Good artwork is shown in exhibitions.
Good asparagus are rare.
Good assessment can enhance students' learning in several ways.
Good assessment ensures effective learning and provides timely feedback.
Good assessment gives meaningful information to teachers as well as students.
Good assessment is a boon for teachers.
Good assessment is a learning experience.
Good assessment is about expanding the assessment repertoire because no single form is sufficient.
Good assessment is good assessment, whether done for younger students or older students.
Good assessment is the key to good instruction.
Good assessment requires reasonable care and an open mind.
Good assessments can be one valid method of insuring accountability.
Good assignments can help.
Good assignments mean good teams, good products, and good value.
Every good astronaut has to know the equipment.
Good athlete has a lot of upside.
Good athletes are in high demand.
Good athletes build the basics into their game from the start.
Good athletes can make good students and good students make good athletes.
Good athletes have an extremely high tolerance for setback.
Good athletes look at good programs.
Good athletes make better tacklers.
Good athletes make their opponents better.
Good athletes practice much.
Good athletes prey on displays of weaknesses.
Good athletes start with good volunteer coaches.
All good athletes train hard.
Any good athlete has to be driven by something.
Good atmosphere comes naturally.
Good attendance brings higher marks, more educational opportunities and employment.
Good attendance includes being on time.
Good attendance increases learning.
Good attendance is a necessity.
Good attendance is an integral part of the educational process.
Good attendance is anticipated.
Good attendance is assumed.
Good attendance is critical since much of the work is hands-on and difficult to makeup.
Good attendance is crucial.
Good attendance is encouraged because it tends to improve one's performance on tests.
Good attendance is encouraged because ittends to improve one's performance on tests.
Good attendance is essential in order to accomplish the objective of the course.
Good attendance is essential to success at work and school.
Good attendance is important for school success.
Good attendance is important for success in the class.
Good attendance is important teachers are summarizing and giving reminders at the end of the day.
Good attendance is important to a student's success.
Good attendance is important, since materials are distributed and instructions are given in class.
Good attendance is mandatory .
Good attendance is mandatory for a high participation grade.
Good attendance is necessary to get the most from the course.
Good attendance is one of the most important ingredients of success in classes.
Good attendance is required of all students.
Good attendance is required.
Good attendance is the proof of a strong commitment.
Good attendance is very important for each child.
Good attendance is very important.
Good attendance is very improtant for success in the school.
Good attendance is vital to success in the workplace.
Good attendance means a healthy chapter.
Good attendance sets the tone for success in the classroom.
Good attendance shows discipline.
Good attitude creates better quality.
Good attitude is of course important to having fun.
Good attitudes are the result of feeling positive about the job.
Good attitudes generate good results.
Good attitudes motivate the people at work.
Good attorneys can take advantage of mediation to reach reasonable resolution of disputes.
Good attorneys know the law.
Good auctioneers deserve good bidders.
Good audio demands good recording equipment.
Good audio is also of great importance.
Good augurs bring happiness, bad ones fear.
Good authors are many.
Good authors recognise their theological grid and attempt to compensate for it.
Some good aviation related links follow.
Good babysitters are a hot commodity.
Good backgrounds meet evil character animation.
Good backups are the best defense against system damage.
Good bacteria are only part of the treatment.
Good bacteria are vital for the intestinal tract, fighting off germs.
Good bacteria breaks down waste and toxins such as ammonia into relatively harmless nitrates.
Good bacteria is housed in filter material.
Good bacteria is needed to complete the cycle of changing ammonia into a useful and harmless state.
Good bacteria make possible many of our food and beverages such as yogurt, cheese and beer.
Good bacteria work in our intestine to keep the intestine wall clean and break food down further.
Most good bacteria produce substances.
Some good bacteria are in the soil and helps plants get vitamins to grow.
Some good bacteria break down waste.
Some good bacteria help food.
Good bacteria produce substances.
Good bagels deserve great toppings.
Good bait are prawns, squid and most fish.
Good bait is fresh fish fillet and crabs or prawns.
Good bait means good fishing.
Good baits are jelly, honey, peanut butter, bacon grease, or raw liver.
Good baits are nightcrawlers, cut mackerel, and anchovies.
Good baits are plastic jigs in smoke and chartreuse colors or live shad.
Good baits are red maggot, worms, bread, casters and sweet corn.
Good bakers prefer butter because it tastes best.
Good balance helps prevent falls, a major cause of injuries that often lead to dependence.
Good balance is achieved due to the very formal icon painting style the artist uses.
Good balance is essential to good dancing.
Good balance is essential.
Good balance is good to have in any situation.
Good balance is important in getting the motor to operate well.
Good Balance Is Key . . . .
Good balance is the arrangement of shapes, colors, light and dark in a complementary way.
Good balance prevails over the tannic edge and the length is excellent.
Good balance promotes a sense of well being, and improves self image.
Good bands apply here for greater visibility.
Good bands are good bands.
Good bands borrow, great bands steal.
Good bands hang out there and take the piss out of each other.
Good bands hit and fade.
Good banners are also as expensive in material cost as most other producer-supplied sign components.
Good barbecue is a hard way to make a buck.
Good bargains involve trading things of equal value to each party.
Good base hits.
Good bass use it.
Good basting is the key to a well-quilted surface.
Good batteries are worth the money.
Good battle is objective and honest- never vicious or cruel.
Good battle sounds and graphics.
Good beachcombers do.
Good bears know a lot of stories in folklore at least - and find it black and white in folklore.
Good beds are also important to a restful night.
Good bee plants produce pollen.
Good beef comes from aging for a couple of weeks in the cooler.
Good beef is the answer.
Good beer costs less than good women.
Good beer is easy to find.
Good beer means return customers.
Good beer takes time to perfect.
Good beers can be a lot like old friends.
Good beginner run close to Seattle.
Good beginnings can equal a great garden.
Good beginnings catch our interest.
Good behavior begins at home.
Good behavior is appreciated and rewarded.
Good behavior is everybody's business and good taste can be everyone's goal.
Good behavior is explained on the reverse side of the letter.
Good behavior is extracted through fear and intimidation as well.
Good behavior is insured through the use of clear-cut playground rules and ample supervision.
Good behavior is required.
Good behavior is rewarded with coupons that can be traded for trinkets and school supplies.
Good behavior is still very important.
Good behavior is the last refuge of mediocrity.
Good behavior is the only way out.
Good behavior is very contagious.
Good behavior makes school a pleasant place for everyone, and a fun place to learn.
Good behavior requires good exercise, good health, good nutrition and good training.
Good behaviors are the supplemental ingredients.
Good behaviors become second nature.
Good behaviour is about being polite and thoughtful to other people .
Good behaviour is about being polite and thoughtful to other people.
Good behaviour is rewarded.
Good beings fight against evil.
Good benefits are a critical part of the salary.
Good benefits are as critical as good wages in providing economic security.
Good benefits attract and retain good employees.
Good benefits sell better.
Good bets are sandwiches or stuffed breads such as calzone, lasagna or mugs of chili.
Some good bets are cereals, crackers and cookies.
Good bibliographies accompany each entry.
Good bibliographies accompany most entries.
Good bibliographies follow articles.
Good bibliography includes general titles on African-American art.
Good bibliography is, however, the foundation of any good piece of research.
Every good bicycle has hand brakes.
Good bike sounds.
Good bikes are cool.
Good biologists are good naturalists.
Good biologists wander in a state of perpetual learning, of constant awareness.
Good birds are always hard to crash.
Good birders know the key parts of a bird's anatomy.
Good blades cost way too much money.
Good blasts have a tactile dimension lacked by smooths.
Good bloodlines run through many dogs placed in the rescue program.
Good blues translates into any language.
Good bones make good garden designs.
Good books are a blessing.
Good books are also scarce.
Good books are always important.
Good books are always what the store has been about.
Good books are available on the subject, either at the library or in the stores.
Good books are available regarding health, diet and the like.
Good books are central to the language and literacy approach.
Good books are easy to find.
Good books are focused on a certain topic and cover it as well as possible.
Good books are hard to find, and hard books are good to find.
Good books are invaluable as a moral guard to a young man.
Good books are located in shelfs.
Good books are much harder to review because the reviewer keeps seeing new things to highlight.
Good books are work of art.
Good books become good friends.
Good books can also answer children's questions.
Good books can be reread .
Good books can open the door to exciting new worlds.
Good books can stand on their own.
Good books cause a desire to reads.
Good books do exist.
Good books have a long lifetime and so the costs can be spread.
Good books lift the spirit and have the power to change lives.
Good books make good things happen in real life.
Good books make significant experiences.
Good books matter.
Good books reflect that.
Good books sell themselves.
Good books start with good questions.
Good books survive bad movies.
Good books transcend time and endure.
All good books are distilled experience.
All good books cause the readers to connect with the characters on a very personal level.
All good books have fancy covers.
All good books touch the reader on an emotional level.
Every good book contains a conflict .
Every good book needs an inviting beginning.
Many good books are available for advice and ideas on finish work.
Many good books are available on astrophotography, some classics and some new arrivals.
Many good books are available on the subject.
Many good books are available throughout the sale.
Many good books are available to bolster our knowedge of dinnerware.
Many good books are available to bolster our knowledge of dinnerware.
Many good books are available to help refine one's interviewing skills.
Many good books are available which can be checked out.
Many good books are still available for review.
Many good books discuss antepartal nutrition.
Many good books exist on how to do it at a fraction of the cost of the bought variety.
Many good books exist with help in quantity cooking.
Many good books provide detailed dietary and diet supplement-regimens for athletes.
Most good books leave the reader wanting more.
Some good books are also available.
Some good books are, unfortunately, out of print.
Good bookkeeping is essential.
Good bookstores segregate their travel books.
Good bookstores sell understanding.
Every good bookstore has one.
Most good bookstores have a nice section on antiques and collectibles.
Good boots are a necessity.
Good boots are essential as even in summer many areas are wet, muddy, and boggy.
Good boots are essential.
Good boots are heavy enough for their intended use.
Good boots are just as important for children as for adults.
Good boots can protect both ankles and bindings.
Good boots go without saying, but gloves are a help.
Good boots provide good ankle support.
Good boots provide good protection on the sides.
Good booties are nice, too.
Good borrowers pay less than ten percent per year.
Good bosses try to support their employees' professional development.
Good boundaries play an important role in how healthy our relationships are.
Good boundaries seem to be necessary for emergence to occur.
Good bowlers recognize how to use the properties of their balls to develop their particular throw.
Good boy let's hear it, come on.
Good boys are boys at work.
Good boys track teams, that is.
Every good boy deserves faders.
Every good boy deserves favor and Professional foul .
Every good boy deserves the favour of reply.
Every good boy does fine. .
Every good boy does fine.
Good brains make for easy operation, reduced operator input and a happy customer.
Good brakes are what are needed.
Good brands are very customer-centric.
Good brands incorporate ultraviolet stabilizers to deter solar degradation.
Good brass sounds.
Good bread is an essential health measure.
Good bread is cheap, too.
Good bread is like a lovable curmudgeon - crusty on the outside, soft on the inside.
Good bread is necessary.
Good bread takes time.
Good breathing is a specific, fundamental aspect of life.
Good breathing is critical to the success of forward motion.
Good breathing sounds.
Good breathing supports muscle growth and energy to get things done.
Good breeders are concerned about the future welfare of their puppies.
Good breeders are hard to find.
Good breeders are very important to reducing the numbers of dogs killed in our shelters.
Good breeders avoid flaws.
Good breeders breed only to improve the breed.
Good breeders can live from their sheep, from their wool.
Good breeders care about the pups that they produce.
Good breeders encourage questions.
Good breeders guarantee their pups.
Good breeders have a long-term goal in mind with a set plan.
Good breeders have good reputations.
Good breeders have purposes.
Good breeders know it, and so do smart puppy-raisers.
Good breeders know their breed's standard by heart.
Good breeders know their dogs.
Good breeders screen their puppy buyers carefully.
Good breeders sell dogs only by written contract.
Good breeders sell what they believe to be good solid well tempered puppies.
Good breeders shave the upper third of the hair at the ears, as it is standard.
Many good breeders have champions at home that are never bred.
Most good breeders are very careful in selecting homes for their kittens.
Most good breeders avoid flaws.
Most good breeders feel lucky if they break even.
Most good breeders have purposes.
Most good breeders lose money on their litters.
Some good breeders discuss health problems.
Some good breeders discuss problems.
Some good breeders recognize parents.
Some good breeders use measurements.
Good breeding is a learned knowledge, tempered with much patience.
Good breeding is always an educated and well informed balancing act.
Good breeding is shown in the use of words, quite as much as in manners.
Good breeding is the blossom of good sense.
Good breeding shows itself most where, to an ordinary eye, it appears least.
Good brews take time.
All good brews take time.
Good briar is hard to find.
Every good broadcaster learns the art of the short emotional experience-rich marketing message.
Good brokers understand that.
Most good brokers furnish their clients with a list of several surveyors and their phone numbers.
Most good brokers furnish their clients with a list of several surveyors andtheir phone numbers.
Good browning is essential to maximize the final flavor.
Good browning seals the meat and provides a richer flavor.
All good browsers support the industry standard form elements.
Good bucks are essential to a good selective breeding program.
Some good budget buys.
Good buffets are the cornerstone of an affordable and satisfying Vegas vacation.
Good bugs die, too.
Any good bug is polymorphic as well as annoying.
Good building provides shelter and accommodates basic human needs.
Good buildings adorn the premises.
Good buildings stand beside the rubble of bad ones.
All good buildings start with a solid foundation.
Good bulbs contain ingredients necessary for successfully producing roots, leaves and flowers.
Good bulbs feel heavy for their size.
Some good bumpers weigh considerably less than some poor bumpers.
Good bureaucrats are often very charismatic, having a strong ability to manipulate.
Good business demands they work to conserve natural resources and land productivity.
Good business depends on effective market segmentation and differentiation.
Good business is about building relationships - with employees as well as with customers.
Good business is all about trust.
Good business is good design.
Good business is just as important as the social good.
Good business is science.
Good business is the best business.
Good business requires honesty and trust.
Good business results from good intelligence.
Good businesses give customers what they want with quality.
Good businesses know when to get rid of clients.
Good businesses see that as an opportunity ripe for the plucking.
Good businesses serve the community.
Good businesses track all interactions and relationships precisely.
Good businesses try to find ways to cut overhead without hurting their products.
All good businesses have at least one or two.
All good businesses recognize a valid complaint as an opportunity rather than a bother.
Every good business has a plan in place for their marketing efforts.
Good buttermilk is a health drink at meal times and in between.
Good buys are aprons, kitchen towels, oversized cooking pans and stockpots.
Good buys are available, but they require research, preparation, patience and persistence.
Good buys are azaleas, rhododendrons and camellias in bloom.
Good buys are hand-made goods, leather and furs.
Good buys are to be enjoyed on liquor, tobacco and perfumes.
Some good buys are available, too.
Good cabins are still available.
Good cables are in order, and also a high quality front end.
Good cables are worth the price.
Good cables have multiple stranded copper wire, about four gauge.
Good cadavers are hard to find.
Good cage keeping One of the keys to a healthy bird is good cage keeping.
Most good calculators have it as one of their functions.
Good calibration is important to avoid sky backgrounds that change in color.
Good calibration is necessary for high quality matching of real and virtual objects.
Good calories are better than empty calories.
Good camouflage is necessary because woodcocks nest on the ground.
Good camouflage makes it easier for many vipers to disguise themselves and deceive their prey.
Good campaign seems to be working.
Good campaigns require planning.
Good campers work together and play together.
Every good camper knows that littering is bad.
Good camping is available in the alpine valley before Last Call Lake where camping is difficult.
Good campsites are plentiful for the first half-mile after reaching the ridge.
Good candidates are action photos of people in bright clothes.
Good candidates are array subscript that depend on induction variables.
Good candidates are gasoline companies, utility companies, hospitals and doctors.
Good candidates are hard to find.
Good candidates are pansies, snapdragons, zinnia, .
Good candidates are still rare.
Good candidates articulate their ability to identify problems and come up with creative solutions.
Good candidates discussing important issues make for interesting campaigns.
Good candidates have ample loose scalp.
Good candidates have realistic expectations.
Good canoes appreciate .
Good canoes appreciate.
Good captains call out approaching irregularities so the stoker can lighten up.
Good captions sell pictures.
Good cars are everywhere, but good friends are hard to find.
Good carbide is wear and corrosion resistant.
Good carbide needs special treatment to ensure excellent, consistent brazing and bonding.
Good carbohydrates are foods that have a low glycemic index.
Good care begins with watching and listening, with entering the elder's world and accepting it.
Good care can energize and rejuvinate people.
Good care helps prevent hearing problems and holes in the eardrum.
Good care includes educational activities.
Good care is attainable.
Good care is extremely important and vital to maintaining good health.
Good care is hard to find.
Good care is the norm in research animal facilities.
Good Care Makes a Difference.
Good care requires daily vigilance.
Good care starts at the top.
Good care starts by selecting a grafted plant.
Good careers are engineering and physical therapy.
Good careers can happen too.
Good caregivers are eager to get new information.
Good caregivers come in many shapes and sizes, and costs are variable.
Good caregivers read, sing and talk with children.
Good caregivers take time to talk with parents.
Good carpenters are perfectionists, measuring twice, cutting once.
Good case analyses, which meet case objectives.
Good cases make good laws and bad cases make bad laws.
Most good cases are entertaining.
Good cash accumulated life insurance policies also can be beneficial.
Good cast enlivens standard drama.
Good casting is an oversimplified answer.
Good casting is necessary in many locations.
Good casting pays off.
Good casting produces good results, which means both more and better trout.
Good casting takes a long time.
Good cats are very helpful.
Good catalogues refresh and sustain the life of memorable shows.
Good catches are possible while wading or fishing from the bank.
Good catchers are hard to find.
Most good catchers go unnoticed Virtually no one knows a catcher's record.
Good catechesis is something that precedes any major moves.
Good cattle handling systems make working livestock easier with limited manpower.
Good cattle setup with feedlot.
Every good cattlemen knows healthier cattle mean healthier profits.
Good cause can mean different things.
Good cause exists for the claimant's failure to participate in services.
Good cause exists to issue a protective order.
Good cause is determined by the local school board.
Good cause is different from an exemption in several ways.
Good cause is something out of the district's control.
Good cause is well defined and is deeply imbedded in the franchise laws throughout the country.
Good cause means an acceptable excuse for failing to file or take other required action timely.
Any good cause is reason for private adoration.
Every good cause needs a champion.
Every good cause needs some assistance at some time.
Good cells tend to be uniform in size and shape and arranged in an orderly manner.
Good centers have long waiting lists and few scholarships.
Good centers keep good providers year after year.
Good centers know where to start the children according to their ability.
Good chairs are pretty expensive.
Good change is a long process that takes a load of patience.
Good changes are in the air, and yes, there are regulatory changes.
Many good changes are underway around here.
Good character brings health, life and hope.
Good character can lead to good actions.
Good character comes from forming good habits.
Good character consists of knowing the good, desiring the good and doing the good.
Good character consists of knowing the good, desiring the good, and doing the good.
Good character consists of understanding, caring about, and acting upon core ethical values.
Good character engenders good responses in the world and in others.
Good character includes honesty, fairness, decency, caring, self-control, etc.
Good character includes such qualities as clean living, high aspirations, and industriousness.
Good character is a quality admired by anyone.
Good character is a vital part of helping our children to reach their goals.
Good character is above everything else.
Good character is absolutely essential to a successful career in accounting.
Good character is admired, because of the difficulty that it takes to maintain.
Good character is half of faith.
Good character is like a rubber ball Thrown down hard - it bounces right back.
Good character is realized through constant cultivation of goodness.
Good character is the core of human worth.
Good character is the means of guiding men to the right path and the great message.
Good character is the set of objective values that a person possesses and practices.
Good character leads to goodness.
Good character requires doing the right thing even when it's costly or risky.
Good character requires doing the right thing, even when it is costly or risky.
Good characters are angelic and bad characters despicable.
Good characters can carry the show.
Good characters succumb to temptation and are forever changed.
Good characterisation helps the story succeed.
Good characterization is essential.
Good characterization is the most important thing.
Good characterization requires right-brain and emotional thinking.
Good charcoal is really sufficient to provide the flavor in most cases.
Good charts adn diagrams.
Good charts are essential for variable star work.
All good charts have axis value labels.
Good checklists describe achievement targets for students.
Good cheer abounds and speeches for the TV cameras promise victories to come.
Good cheer abounds.
Good cheer has a tonic effect upon the person.
Good cheer is a cardinal virtue.
Good cheer is emphasized.
Good cheer makes the best sauce, after all.
Good cheese is made from raw milk unpasteurized milk.
Good chefs are proud of their recipes.
Good chefs have a following of quality kitchen staff.
Good chemistry is critically important.
Good chestnuts are among the most delightful treats of winter.
Good chi can promote happiness, health and prosperity.
Good children brighten so much a home circle.
Good children can go on the windy ride, which goes at the highest speed.
Good children can walk into a dark room without any fear.
Good children climb up the ladders, while the naughty ones slide down.
Good children see R-rate movies.
All good children go straight to hell.
Good childcare depends on recruiting and retaining good teachers.
Good childcare is essential.
Good childcare is expensive, just like a good private school.
Good chiropractors feel where and how to adjust.
Good chocolate can unexpectedly break down in the hands, the mouth, or other warm places.
Good chocolate is easy to find.
Good choice is a dressy church dress.
Good choices are a certain tree, a telephone pole, or a neighbor's home.
Good choices are a wandering jew, a boston fern or a spider plant.
Good choices are aloe, philodendron, geranium, christmas cactus and spider plant.
Good choices are barley and Polish canola sown first thing in the spring.
Good choices are blueberry, grape, plum, celery, asparagus and nuts.
Good choices are broccoli, cabbage, dark-leaf lettuce, tomatoes, and zucchini.
Good choices are buddleia, lantana and verbena.
Good choices are canola, olive, peanut, safflower, or sunflower oil.
Good choices are coconut flour, rice flour and flour made from nuts and seeds.
Good choices are cool liquids such as water, milk and apple juice.
Good choices are cool liquids such as water, milk, and apple juice.
Good choices are dogwood, redbud, Japanese maple, crape myrtle, star magnolia and sourwood.
Good choices are especially important in our family life.
Good choices are figurative sculpture and abstract paintings.
Good choices are filtered water and fresh fruit and vegetable juices.
Good choices are foods high in fiber, such as grains, fruits and vegetables.
Good choices are fruits and vegetables, oat and bran cereal, whole-grain bread, and brown rice.
Good choices are fruits such as blueberries and raspberries.
Good choices are glucose tablets, skim milk and orange juice.
Good choices are greens, leafy weeds, tomatoes, apples, strawberries and cantaloupes.
Good choices are hairy vetch or a combination of soybean and buckwheat.
Good choices are in fruit trees, berry bushes, and vegetable gardens.
Good choices are juniper, hollies, and live oaks, as they provide food as well as cover.
Good choices are lean meats, fish, eggs, beans and tofu.
Good choices are milk, cheese, yogurt, ice milk and ice cream.
Good choices are milk, egg nog, cocoa, juice, and punch.
Good choices are milk, milkshakes, and clear liquids.
Good choices are oregano, parsley, sage, bay leaf and tyme.
Good choices are sage, sweet basil, Italian parsley and curly parsley.
Good choices are soda, fruit juice and bottled water.
Good choices are strong leather collars, or heavy duty nylon collars.
Good choices are summertime kitchen garden staples like squash, beans, cucumbers and melons.
Good choices are the iodophore and chlorine dioxide disinfectants.
Good choices are water or natural fruit juices.
Good choices are whole grain bread, oatmeal and bran cereals, and fresh fruits and vegetables.
Good choices are whole grain breads, oatmeal or bran cereals, and fresh vegetables and fruits.
Good choices are whole grain breads, oatmeal or bran cereals, and plenty of vegetables and fruits.
Good choices are whole meal bread, unpolished rice, oatmeal, barley, bran cereal.
Good choices are wood chips, shredded bark, shredded leaf litter, or pine straw.
Good choices bring good consequences.
Good choices have impact.
Good choices have positive impact.
Good choices include oatmeals.
Good choices match technology with policy goals, customer needs, and organizational capabilities.
Good choices start with good information.
Most good choices have impact.
Most good choices have positive impact.
Some good choices are anise, nutmeg or cinnamon.
Some good choices are birdhouse, basketball, canteen or bushels.
Some good choices are carrots, sweet potatoes, cantaloupe and dark leafy greens.
Some good choices are cornmeal, wheat bran, oatmeal, or chicken mash.
Some good choices are leaf litter, pine straw, shredded bark and twigs, peat moss and wood chips.
Some good choices are leaf litter, pine straw, shredded bark, peat moss, or wood chips.
Some good choices are mangos and avocados.
Some good choices are plants that are colorful and rich in nectar.
Some good choices are sodium and potassium.
Good cholesterol goes up, bad cholesterol goes down.
Good cholesterol keeps arteries free of cholesterol deposits.
Some good cholesterol helps prevent diseases.
Some good cholesterol helps prevent heart diseases.
Good churches die when they II .
Good churches die when they III .
Good churches die when they IV .
Good churches die when they V .
Good churches die when they VI .
Good churches die when they VII .
Good churches die when they VIII .
Good churches die when they X .
Many good churches exist in the Columbia area.
Good circulation is a key.
Good circulation is essential for a comfortable environment inside the latrine.
Good circulation is essential for male sexual performance.
Good circulation is important for optimum health.
Good circulation is important for sexual function.
Good circulation is important.
Good circulation is most essential for good health.
Good circulation is one of the most important factors for maintaining optimum health.
Good circulation is vital for a healthy scalp.
Good citizens are also good neighbors.
Good citizens are good neighbors.
Good citizens are often patriotic.
Good citizens are people who are respectful, fair, honest, and kind.
Good citizens begin at home.
Good citizens can bemould ed only through good education.
Good citizens know they re accountable for their actions as well as their words.
Good citizens obey the law.
Good citizens put trash, food scraps and cartons into cans and baskets that are provided.
Good citizens put trash, food scraps and cartons into the cans and baskets that are provided.
Good citizens stay informed and take part in elections.
Every good citizen adds to the strength of a nation.
Every good citizen opposes impeachment.
Good citizenship begins at home.
Good citizenship begins in the home.
Good citizenship demands attention to responsibilities as well as rights.
Good citizenship demands that such housekeeping be attended to regularly.
Good citizenship is a measure of the quality of conduct in school and away from school.
Good citizenship is a prerequisite for favorable personnel action.
Good citizenship is a prerequisite for participation in all activities.
Good citizenship is accomplished through the development of self-discipline and mutual respect.
Good citizenship is also a factor.
Good citizenship is emphasized throughout our school campus.
Good citizenship is important on the Internet too.
Good citizenship is important.
Good citizenship is learned.
Good citizenship is measured by how selflessly students give of themselves.
Good citizenship is practiced throughout the school.
Good citizenship is required of all at both levels.
Good citizenship is taught.
Good citizenship lives.
Good citizenship Looking for someone who is a good person is interested in the greater good.
Good citizenship means a commitment to environmental stewardship.
Good citizenship requires advocacy.
Good citizenship requires effort.
Good citizenship requires informed, scientifically literate citizens.
Good citizenship seems to be a concept that's fallen on hard times.
Good citizenship starts early.
Good citizenship takes place at several different levels.
Good clans are the ones that seek world domination to spread peace.
Good classes are to be found in every town.
Good cleanup is important.
Good clients are partners in profit margin production.
Good clients deserve to be recognized and rewarded for their loyalty and their business.
Good clients refer good clients.
Good climbers are rare individuals.
Good climbers blend static and dynamic technique when appropriate, climbing with a flowing movement.
All good climbers know survival skills .
Most good climbers stay away, too.
Good closure is necessary.
Some good clubs have training rides, coaching, and race subsidies, among other benefits and perks.
Good clustering reduces the number of disk accesses on retrieval, improving the response time.
Good coaches are certainly out there.
Good coaches are hard to come by.
Good coaches are mentors.
Good coaches are more important than big names.
Good coaches are usually good bosses.
Good coaches ask their players to see actions and skills ahead of time.
Good coaches become head coaches.
Good coaches do that.
Good coaches expect their catchers to squeeze it.
Good coaches have a clear, precise vision of what they expect of their team.
Good coaches know that developing good shooting habits takes time.
Good coaches know what type of player each position on the team requires.
Good coaches know when their players are following a routine or breaking from it.
Good coaches retain the trust and respect of their players.
Good coaches teach their players by example.
Good coaches understand the disorder and can simply serve as a source of support.
Good coaches use age appropriate coaching.
All good coaches add their own wrinkles, based on personnel.
All good coaches manipulate the media and what the media reports.
All good coaches paint great pictures of the rewards that come from success.
Many good coaches are available.
Most good coaches can.
Good code helps deliver content that's clean and fast.
Good code is all in the connections, how well the code is structured and organized.
Good code is created, but great code is copied over and over.
Good code is self-documenting code.
Good code needs fewer comments than bad code.
Good codes bring consumer benefits that go beyond requirements of law.
Good codes bring consumer benefits that go beyond the requirements of law.
Good codes have a low cross-correlation response.
Good codes have comprehensible texts with no escape clauses.
Good coffee can make conversation remarkable, rush hour tolerable, and solitude memorable.
Good coffee is as much about the brew as it is about with whom and where it's sipped.
Good coffee is delicious and a treat to be savored.
Good coffee is found within.
Good coffee starts with fresh beans.
Good collaboration exists with teaching teams, resource staff, and support personnel.
Good collaboration takes time to shape and form .
Good collaboration takes time.
Good collaborations stem from clear purposes.
Good collaborators are able to speak openly about what they believe, feel, and think.
Good colleagues are rarley forgotten.
Good collections are also available for the literatures of modern Indonesia and Malaysia.
Good collections support.
Some good collections are still intact and are treasured by their owners.
Good collectors site.
Every good collector is an archaeologist at heart.
Any good college can help with that.
Good color fails to develop if temperatures are too high or too low during ripening.
Good color indicates full flavor.
Good color is also very important.
Good color is important to making attractive pictures.
Good color is provided.
Good colors are black, navy, or tan.
Good colors are blue or black back with white bodies as well as the fire tiger patterns.
Good colors are orange, pink or tan.
Good colors are shad, sunfish, and crawfish patterns.
Good colors are silver and blue, silver and black, chartreuse, and chrome.
Good colors are silver with black or blue backs, yellow or gold, white and green.
Good colors are white, chartreuse, or a combination of both.
Good colostrum containing a high percentage of immunoglobulins is very thick and creamy.
Good colour rendering, however, demands light sources that radiate over the whole visible spectrum.
Good colours are peacock blues and greens.
Good colours are purple and gold.
Good colt continues to improve.
Some good columnists provide enough opinion to get a good argument going in any sports bar.
Good combinations are still available.
Good combinations are the key for success.
Some good combinations are cherries and rhubarb and strawberries and rhubarb.
Some good combinations are maguro with a shiso leaf, and crab stick with avocado.
Good combos are what it is all about.
Good comedians do.
Good comedians like to work with other good comedians because it improves their humor.
Good comedies are hard to come by.
Good comedies have heart.
Good comedy comes from the gut and the heart, only secondarily from the brain.
Good comedy entails taking something to an extreme.
Good comedy is a linguistic exercise that requires precision.
Good comedy is casual, off hand, unaffected.
Good comedy is in the timing.
Good comics are like that.
Good comics make an impression that lasts forever.
Good commanders have to be ruthless sometimes.
Good comments accompany software names.
Good comments are always welcome, though.
Good Comments are insightful.
Good commentaries are helpful here.
Good commentaries help clear up gray areas or poor translations.
Good commercials work.
All good commercials go here.
Most good commercials can use one single frame for a brochure or poster that tells the whole story.
Good communication avoids a multitude of difficulties.
Good communication begins at the first meeting.
Good communication begins early, but better methods of communication are always possible.
Good communication builds employee morale.
Good communication builds interest, which builds fans, which means dollars.
Good communication can avoid major disappointment.
Good communication can eliminate disappointments.
Good communication can eliminate many misunderstandings and even help to control rumors.
Good communication can enhance the commitment of the parents.
Good communication can have a positive and mobilizing effect on employees.
Good communication can head off a potential problem.
Good communication can help create positive feelings between teachers and parents.
Good communication can help prevent sexual aggression.
Good communication can improve it.
Good communication can mean the difference between making coffee and making presentations.
Good communication can save an account.
Good communication can save time and money in managed care.
Good communication contains as much listening as it contains talking.
Good communication creates harmony, unity, and advances global peace.
Good communication Develop a human resources manual, keeping it updated.
Good communication eliminates myths, rumors and bad attitudes.
Good communication enhances the massage session.
Good communication ensures the success of meeting the challenges of change.
Good communication fosters greater cooperation and can save lives.
Good communication goes a long way towards resolving the misunderstandings that often evoke it.
Good communication has another, more subtle reward - peace of mind.
Good communication has another, more subtle reward peace of mind.
Good communication has to do with the understanding the recipient has of the communication.
Good communication helps children learn and promotes good behavior.
Good communication helps parents and providers work together in the best interest of the children.
Good communication helps teens and parents work out many of their problems.
Good communication implies good listening.
Good communication includes more than words.
Good communication insures successful cooperation between parties.
Good communication insures that employee's beliefs are based on organizational realities.
Good communication involves active, effective listening as well as sensitivity to others' feelings.
Good communication involves both effective speaking and listening skills.
Good communication involves both expressing and understanding ideas.
Good communication involves five basic elements.
Good communication is a fundamental tool for all parties during the program year.
Good communication is a habit.
Good communication is a key ingredient for successful collaboration.
Good communication is a key to building trust.
Good communication is a multi-way street.
Good communication is a necessity and a rarity in most marriages.
Good communication is a precondition.
Good communication is a prerequisite for setting goals.
Good communication is a skill important to the continuation of social play.
Good communication is a skill that can be developed through practice and the sharing of experiences.
Good communication is a skill that takes great knowledge and practice.
Good communication is a skill which can be learned.
Good communication is a two way street.
Good communication is a two-way process.
Good communication is a vital part of the process.
Good communication is active, clear, and concise.
Good communication is also an integral part of efficient workflow.
Good communication is also critical.
Good communication is always a challenge, but essential.
Good communication is an absolutely essential foundation for successful leadership.
Good communication is an essential element in successful schools.
Good communication is an essential ingredient in modern society.
Good communication is an important factor in working together.
Good communication is an important key in any relationship.
Good communication is an important measure of family health and parental success.
Good communication is an important parenting skill.
Good communication is an important step in addressing indoor air situations.
Good communication is another goal of effective parenting.
Good communication is another key factor in promoting ethical behavior within one s organization.
Good communication is as germane as the treatment one receives.
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee and just as hard to sleep after.
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
Good communication is at the heart of any community.
Good communication is based on truth.
Good communication is basic to a good relationship.
Good communication is built into the hard structure of e-mail and chat room exchanges.
Good communication is central to resolving many problems.
Good communication is critical here.
Good communication is critical in the scientific and technical fields.
Good communication is critical to building any relationship for the benefits of all, for all.
Good communication is critical to success.
Good communication is critical to successful product development.
Good communication is critical.
Good communication is crucial to any team that wishes to succeed.
Good communication is deemed necessary to avoid overlapping agendas.
Good communication is essential at every step of the way.
Good communication is essential between the massage therapist and the client.
Good communication is essential for the timely resolution of defects and identifying issues.
Good communication is essential in avoiding hazards .
Good communication is essential in every situation.
Good communication is essential in the process.
Good communication is essential to a maturing relationship with parents.
Good communication is essential to client satisfaction.
Good communication is essential to make the process flow smoothly.
Good communication is essential to success.
Good communication is essential to the effectiveness of an interest-based process.
Good communication is essential to the placement process.
Good communication is essential to the success of the course.
Good communication is essential to their continued success.
Good communication is essential when discussing money and budgets.
Good communication is essential, and trust is an underlying basis for the process.
Good communication is essential, but can often be difficult when emotions are involved.
Good communication is essential, especially between the firing personnel.
Good communication is essential, of course.
Good communication is essential.
Good communication is everyone's responsibility.
Good communication is fundamental to community policing.
Good communication is good business, and communication skills can be learned.
Good communication is good communication is good communication.
Good communication is good for customer service.
Good communication is imperative in interdependent teams.
Good communication is imperative.
Good communication is important between couples about what needs to be done and who needs to do it.
Good communication is important for a successful relationship.
Good communication is important in life and it starts with good hearing.
Good communication is important in problem-solving.
Good communication is important in the relationship with parents and adolescents.
Good communication is important.
Good communication is key to a successful project.
Good communication is key to any job.
Good communication is key to any successful dialogue.
Good communication is key to any successful relationship.
Good communication is key to success.
Good communication is key.
Good communication is linked to good intervention.
Good communication is necessary.
Good communication is one key to printing disaster prevention.
Good communication is one of the biggest factors in the success of a construction project.
Good communication is one of the keys to a successful college-life and career.
Good communication is one of the most important aspects of sexual pleasuring.
Good communication is one of the most important elements of a successful marriage.
Good communication is one of the most valued skills in the workplace.
Good communication is one way.
Good communication is open and frequent.
Good communication is open, frequent and it takes on a positive tone.
Good communication is open, frequent and positive.
Good communication is open, frequent, and has a positive tone.
Good communication is open, frequent, and it takes on a positive tone.
Good communication is our shared objective.
Good communication is precious, but doesn t come easy during change.
Good communication is really important during such times.
Good communication is required for rapid innovation.
Good communication is respectful of all concerned.
Good communication is service and vice versa.
Good communication is simply good discipline.
Good communication is the backbone of a quality relationship.
Good communication is the basis for progress.
Good communication is the basis of any business.
Good communication is the bedrock of human relationships.
Good communication is the difference between having a friend, and knowing a friend.
Good communication is the first step in attaining that goal.
Good communication is the foundation for effectiveness and results.
Good communication is the foundation of any successful public relations campaign.
Good communication is the foundation to producing high quality products, year after year.
Good communication is the goal.
Good communication is the key in meeting that goal.
Good communication is the key to a productive encounter between patient and doctor.
Good communication is the key to a successful medical visit.
Good communication is the key to better relationships.
Good communication is the key to effective integration.
Good communication is the key to excellent service.
Good communication is the key to good service.
Good communication is the key to great teamwork.
Good communication is the key to having a great roommate relationship.
Good communication is the key to intimacy.
Good communication is the key to success in team-based games.
Good communication is the key to success with families.
Good communication is the key to successful loan repayment and a great credit reputation.
Good communication is the key to successful parenting.
Good communication is the key to successful trades.
Good communication is the key to such discovery, and a manual or video can help as well.
Good communication is the key to understanding.
Good communication is the key, and knowing when to switch to what characters and where.
Good communication is the key.
Good communication is the most important step in developing a Web site.
Good communication is the most necessary business tool.
Good communication is the result of asking many questions and being specific.
Good communication is the very basis for a good relationship, including a happy sexual life.
Good communication is the vital first step to resolution of caregiving issues.
Good communication is to everyone's benefit.
Good communication is two-way.
Good communication is very difficult, especially cross culturally, but important.
Good communication is very important to our ministry.
Good communication is very important when dealing with a user.
Good communication is very important.
Good communication is vital at every stage.
Good communication is vital for both personal and professional needs to be met.
Good communication is vital in a high stakes business such as health care.
Good communication is vital to provide the necessary public service.
Good communication is vital to the staff's teamwork and the library's role on campus.
Good communication is vital.
Good communication leads to mutual understanding.
Good communication lets the members of the team collaborate and get things accomplished.
Good communication lets two individual players think, move, and act as one.
Good communication makes an organization successful.
Good communication makes the problem easier.
Good communication means being cooperative as a matter of course without any ulterior motive.
Good communication means frequent communication, and at many levels.
Good communication means listening to how the other person feels, too.
Good communication means saying what needs to be said, and listening with understanding.
Good communication means straightforward truth telling, and that ultimately leads to trust.
Good communication means trying to listen clearly to the words, feelings, and behavior of others.
Good communication needs to be planned into the operation of a venture.
Good communication processes.
Good communication promotes good care.
Good communication reduces problems and resolves issues.
Good communication requires clear, accurate, timely, and complete messages.
Good communication requires commitment and concentration.
Good communication requires creating a clear, concise message.
Good communication requires good listening skills.
Good communication requires good listening.
Good communication requires strong listening, speaking and writing skills.
Good communication requires that the communicators spend special or quality time together.
Good communication results in better health and a more satisfied patient.
Good communication results in respect for individuals.
Good communication saves time.
Good communication serves as the foundation for all other home-school partnership activities.
Good communication skills a plus.
Good communication skills across all levels.
Good communication skills along with good written and oral English.
Good communication skills along with patience and unconditional support are necessary.
Good communication skills around family and friends as well as others.
Good communication skills as well as a strong customer focus and team orientation are essential.
Good communication skills as well as general mechanical knowledge to include school buses is needed.
Good communication skills as well as good manual dexterity required.
Good communication skills as well as the ability to work with an interdisciplinary team.
Good communication skills as well as writing skills are essential.
Good communication skills at all levels are very important.
Good communication skills at all levels.
Good communication skills both oral and written.
Good communication skills both orally and written and ability to work in a cooperative environment.
Good communication skills both verbal and written.
Good communication skills both vertically and horizontally throughout an organization.
Good communication skills both written and oral.
Good communication skills both written and verbal.
Good communication skills Concentration in science and math.
Good communication skills essential to work with the team.
Good communication skills essential.
Good communication skills for customer interface are preferred.
Good communication skills for dealing with public.
Good communication skills for interacting with adults and children.
Good communication skills for making presentations, writing reports and papers.
Good communication skills Good organization skills.
Good communication skills helpful.
Good communication skills important.
Good communication skills in both writing and speaking are very important.
Good communication skills in order to facilitate effective employee relations.
Good communication skills in order to interact smoothly with customers and sales force.
Good communication skills in the family setting bring profound results.
Good communication skills in working with volunteers.
Good communication skills is a requirement.
Good communication skills necessary in relating to student employees and building personnel.
Good communication skills oral and written required.
Good communication skills to deal with traders and external contacts.
Good communication skills to explain procedures to patients, and to maintain patient files.
Good communication skills to fulfill teaching and assistance requirements.
Good communication skills to interact with physicians, patients and sponsors.
Good communication skills to work well with a culturally diverse group of people.
Good communication skills to work with clients and other staff persons.
Good communication skills to work with users.
Good communication skills with ability to explain technical information to non-technical workers.
Good communication skills with ability to explain technical issues both orally and in writing.
Good communication skills with ability to manage tasks and interface with the customer important.
Good communication skills with both technical and lay people are important.
Good communication skills with clients and architects.
Good communication skills with clients, peers and management are essential.
Good communication skills with developers and management.
Good communication skills with good working knowledge of Mandarin language.
Good communication skills with other staff members, and work well in a team atmosphere.
Good communication skills with other staff members.
Good communication skills with proficiency in messaging or networking.
Good communication skills with project team and local and remote facilities.
Good communication skills with public and on the telephone and organization skills.
Good communication skills with residents, families and staff are essential.
Good communication skills with students, parents and coworkers.
Good communication skills with the ability to communicate in a clear manner.
Good communication skills with the ability to work individually or as part of a team.
Good communication skills, Inter-personal skills, Good customer interaction.
Good communication starts by understanding potential differences and improves with practice.
Good communication supports the goal of providing quality learning experiences for our children.
Good communication takes time, work, and practice.
Good communication tips Asian ladies are shy and are reluctant to make initiating moves.
Good communications are central to the economy and our quality of life.
Good communications are critical to good working relationships.
Good communications are essential.
Good communications are invaluable in any situation.
Good communications are the life blood of any enterprise large or small.
Good communications begins within the organization.
Good communications builds trust.
Good communications can help people identify and improve risks and opportunities.
Good communications do the same thing, either in words or in pictures or both.
Good communications goes a long way in soothing illwill between departments.
Good communications helps to build and maintain trust.
Good communications insures that team works in a coordinated manner and in a controlled manner.
Good communications is essential.
Good communications is foremost.
Good communications is key to creating and maintaining customer loyalty.
Good communications is the key to the success of any organization.
Good communications link the supply and demand of the war, keeping soldiers on the roll.
Good communications means good language skills, grammar and spelling.
Good communications offer something for everyone.
Good communications skills a plus.
Good communicators are successful individuals.
Good communicators are willing to acknowledge others' opinions.
Good communicators avoid interrupting and talking when others are speaking.
Good communicators can express themselves clearly and with confidence.
Good communicators focus on the response of the person they're talking to.
Good communicators have higher success rates and make our society better.
Good communicators have strategies to respond to bullying and verbal abuse.
Good communicators have the best jobs, the greatest public respect, and the most interesting lives.
Good communicators know the difference between talking and actual communicating.
Good communicators listen carefully and speak effectively.
Good communicators listen, rephrase and avoid criticizing and acting superior.
Good communicators recognize that all people are vulnerable.
Good communicators seek intent.
Good communicators smile.
Good communicators treat themselves and others with respect.
Good communities ask different questions of the larger body.
Good communities can lessen the harmful effects of being poor.
Good communities have good facilities such as libraries, schools, and parks.
Good communities look after the environment and promote wise land use.
Good communities provide open space and recreation opportunities.
Good communities require active, conscious citizens.
Good community attracts people with an interest in community.
Good community demands good communication, the same with good academics.
Good compaction gives good results .
Good compaction is critical for cold mix performance.
Good compaction is needed to eliminate air pockets around seedling roots.
Good companions exhort the young prince To the battle and to the ring-giving.
Good companies are good investments.
Good companies can always go public, it just gets harder to be heard above the noise.
Good companies can fail, even when management makes apparently logical and competent decisions.
Good companies can get funding, either private or public, even in a chilly stock market.
Good companies can go public and have successful offerings.
Good companies can grow for a long time, and it takes patience to harvest their true value.
Good companies comprise good people.
Good companies create good brands by creating trust.
Good companies gain market share while the bad ones blame the market.
Good companies gain market share, while failures blame the market.
Good companies go bad, bad companies come good, and other companies go out of business.
Good Companies Grow Their People.
Good companies harness that persistence and get people to believe that they can make it happen.
Good companies have a clear picture of their organization, one way or another.
Good companies have employees who think like customers.
Good companies have ethical standards and are concerned with liability.
Good companies have structure and systems to empower others.
Good companies invest in research and development to insure new products in the pipeline.
Good companies make good stocks, no matter what the rest of the market is doing.
Good companies make money, as always.
Good companies make tough choices.
Good companies maximize profits without sacrificing the health and happiness of their employees.
Good companies offer satisfaction guarantees.
Good companies see their shares languish.
Good companies send tech people as well as employment reps.
Good companies support their products, and release bug fixes frequently.
Good companies survive, and bad ones die.
Good companies train local guides, who then become ambassadors in their own communities.
Good companies train managers preventably.
Good companies understand that leadership is a multiplier of talent.
Good companies use accepted ways to measure the quality of their work.
Good company can make a ho-hum wine enjoyable and a good wine exciting.
Good company can produce better choices.
Good company does breed good company.
Good company does high quality sheetmetal.
Good company helps too.
Good company is one of the most important things in life.
Good company is part of good sailing.
Good company is very important to arrange nice trips.
Good company makes the journey interesting.
Good company profiles for startups.
All good companies build on good ideas.
All good companies have one.
All good companies seem to start out small.
Any good company understands the importance of a vacation.
Any good company wants feedback from users as it develops new systems.
Every good company does.
Every good company knows the importance of a Sound insurance program.
Many good companies have bad funds.
Most good companies have busy schedules.
Some good companies contract out for help when needed.
Good compatibility is indicated by a well healed union, without swelling, of uniform diameter.
Good compendia tend to be exhaustive and adopt a consistent formulation and format.
Good competition is always good for the consumer.
Good competition is essential for wrestlers to improve.
Good competitors make mistakes.
Good compliance is critical for some of the newer treatment regimens to be effective.
Good compliance is essential.
Good composers are very aware of the various registers of the instruments they right for.
All good composers have publishers.
Good composition is a vital part of the planning for a watercolour painting.
Good composition is also important.
Good composition is essential to interesting photographs.
Good composition is key to producing high quality work.
Good composition is the key to achieving images that tell a story.
Good composition makes up for many sins.
Good composition works from all angles.
Much good composition is based on simple themes that are repeated and developed throughout a piece.
Good compost contains an enormous number of food resources for beneficial organisms.
Good compost is expensive to buy, but free for the makin g.
Good compost is expensive to buy, but free for the making.
Good compost is of course ideal.
Good compression involves intensive computations.
Good computer skills a plus.
Any good computer based multimedia project begins with a good design.
Good concentration is essential to both learning and performing.
Good concrete can have an infinite life span under the right conditions.
Good condition equals good weight.
Good condition take a look.
Good conditions are essential to set up stations.
Good conditions are necessary to circumnavigate the peak.
Good conditions boil down to cool night temperatures and warm, sunny days make great fall colors.
Good conditions lead to growth.
Good conditions mean average weather and lots of blossoms when the bees emerge.
Most good conditions lead to growth.
Good conduct brings good karma, which brings pleasant results for the next life.
Good conduct forms a foundation for further progress on the path, for further personal development.
Good conduct has a very important role in countering the influence and outcome of misconduct.
Good conduct is a condition of participation in the program.
Good conduct is based on respect and consideration for the rights of others.
Good conduct is given lot of importance in Ayurveda, and is in itself a rejuvenating activity.
Good conduct removes all faults as the rays of sun melt snow.
Good conduct succeeds in dispelling the inauspiciousness and misery of every one that is sinful.
Good Conductors are metal such a iron and aluminum.
Good conductors can convey what they want without words just with gestures.
Good conductors conduct heat.
Good conductors have low resistivities while bad conductors and insulators have high resistivities.
Good conductors have low resistivity and insulators have high resistivity.
Most good conductors conduct heat.
Some good conductors have bands.
Some good conductors have conduction bands.
Some good conductors have values.
Good conferences are community-building experiences.
Good configuration means an independent fully automated multi-message translator.
Good conformation is always important and there is no such thing as a perfect llama.
Good conformation is essential for sheep to achieve maximum efficiency as meat animals.
Good conformation is, therefore, of paramount importance.
Good conifers warrant protection from invasives.
Good connections are still the muscle behind favorable business partnerships.
Good connectors are like gold, and the best ones are gold-plated to avoid corrosion.
Good consequences give pleasure while bad consequences result in pain.
Good consequences trump good intentions every time.
Many good consequences can come from training.
Good constitutions are more like prayers that touch on basic human values.
Good construction equals longevity and satisfaction.
Good construction takes time and planning.
Good consultants are the heart of a successful travel business.
Good consultants ask as many questions as they answer.
Good consultants deliver on budget every time.
Good consultants have the primary mission of representing landowner interests.
Good consultants provide tangible results and can be worth their weight in gold for their customers.
Good consultants tend to work themselves out of a job rather quickly.
Good consultation can produce better, sustainable decisions.
Good consumers compare costs and benefits of traveling by various means.
Good contact is a swing and contact that makes the machine rotate at least once.
Good contacts are a shame to loose.
Good contacts are possible, and many a match has been made.
Good contacts exist with all local institutions.
Good containers are readily available in a variety of different shapes and sizes.
Good containers are worth their price when they can keep foods fresh for several extra days.
Good content brings in dollars.
Good content can be tough to find on the Web.
Good content is a critical component of a successful Web business.
Good content is a precious online commodity.
Good content is exciting, powerful, direct, humorous and informative.
Good content is expensive.
Good content is important as ever.
Good content is in mission statement.
Good content is like giving good service, it generates word of mouth advertising.
Good content is so much easier to understand if it's written in a way that's easy to understand.
Good content is still king, even in the travel industry.
Good content is the best way to achieve that.
Good content is the key - plus a few bells and whistles.
Good content is the message that sells, informs, and educates.
Good content is the second most important factor in web design.
Good content is ultimately more interesting than fancy graphics.
Good content is vital.
Good content is.
Good content leads to site popularity and high rankings.
Good content makes good content.
Good content makes up for poor formatting.
Good content produces good results.
Good content takes a stand.
Good content wins every time.
Good content work apart from anti vandalism etc.
Many good content filtering software programs exist on the market.
Good continuation affects visual detection.
Good continuation is a principle
Good continuation says that elements forming continuous lines or curves are grouped together.
Good contracts are like fractals.
Good contracts are the vehicles that drive a free market economy forward.
Good contracts make for good partnerships.
Every good contract has four essential component parts.
Good contractors are in short supply and high demand.
Good contractors are never pushy, arrogant, or hard to talk to.
Good contractors book up early.
Good contractors get fan mail .
Good contrast helps readability.
Good contrast increases the readability of the text.
Good contrast is required between text or figures and buttons.
Good contrasts are Scarlet with darker grays, or red with green.
Good control can prevent many complications of diabetes.
Good control decreases the chance of complications.
Good control indicates how actual results relate to plan results.
Good control is certain, positive, predictable.
Good control is characterized by an absence of seizure activity since prior visit.
Good control is crucial to keep holes from boring so deep that they punch through the heart wall.
Good control is essential to ensure consistency.
Good control is the best way to prevent complications.
Good control is the key to living a safe and healthy life style.
Good control is the means of maintaining possession and developing the team attack.
Good control reduces the risk of miscarriage and birth defects.
Good control requires a careful blend of diet, exercise, blood sugar monitoring, and medication.
Good control requires complete coverage of the tree.
Good controls are now in place.
Good conversation is a rarity but just as important during a date.
Good conversation is an exchange of stories about that information.
Good conversation is more than just talk.
Good conversation is more.
Good conversation is now.
Good conversation is rare.
Good conversation is the essential commodity.
Good conversation is, first of all, an exchange.
Good conversation seems to make the apprehensive times go by just a little bit faster.
Good conversation takes place during an inexpensive lunch.
Good conversations deepen the subject or move on to related topics.
Good conversations have to be cultivated and produced.
Good conversationalists are people who keep up with the news and are actively involved in life.
Good cooks are hard to find.
Good cooks are scarce.
Good cooks eat only after the dish is done.
Good cooks smile a lot while cooking.
Good cooks use their hands routinely.
Any good cook knows how to bake even the most simple things.
Any good cook knows how to deviate from recipes.
Every good cook knows how to scale the proportions to vary the size of each batch.
Every good cook knows too much seasoning ruins the broth.
Every good cook needs a good cutting board .
Every good cook needs a pepper mill or two on hand at all times.
Many good cooks keep an aloe vera plant on their kitchen window sill to treat minor burns.
Good cookbooks using no milk or eggs are now available.
Good cooking begins with good ingredients.
Good cooking encourages conviviality, just like wine.
Good cooking has soul.
Good cooking involves experimentation, which makes cooking fun too.
Good cooking is considered an instinct, and good cooks are encouraged to fulfill their potential.
Good cooking is light eating, based on local fresh products.
Good cooking smells waft from the galley each day including the aroma of freshly baked bread.
Good cooperation appears to be a strength of the group.
Good coordination is the product of good communication.
Good copy confers the power to arrest attention, inform, educate and persuade.
Good copy works inside peoples' minds.
Good copywriters are among the best paid people in the work force.
All good copywriters know the power of emotions.
All good copywriters look to trim unwanted words and sentences from their writing.
Good correlation is claimed between INR and thrombotest.
Good correlation is obtained in both cases.
Good correlation is seen.
Good correlation is shown between two types of sections.
Good correlation occurs almost exclusively in urban areas.
Good corridors are permanent.
Good costumes help make a performer convincing, but be sure they are appropriate to the topic.
Good counsel is the result of full, holistic, active consultation.
Good counseling can be key to serving men, as it can be to serving women.
Good counseling can help anyone.
Good counsellors lack no clients.
Good counselors are no security against fatal errors.
Good country cooking in traditional English style is enjoyed in our intimate non-smoking restaurant.
Good country reports.
Good couples fare.
Good coupling can be difficult to achieve when the surfaces of interest are curved or irregular.
Good coupling depends on proper positioning.
Good courses are costly.
Good courses engage the student in an intellectual journey through time, space, and ideas.
Good courses tend to evolve over time as course material is reworked.
Good cover includes edges of thickets, young conifer plantations and old, brushy fields.
Good cover is probably the greatest single factor affecting rabbit populations.
Good covers do make a difference.
Good covers have a full plush pile that springs back to shape after being crushed.
Good coverage is available throughout the main metropolitan centres.
Good coverage is critical for Intrepid efficacy.
Good coverage is critical.
Good coverage is essential for adequate control.
Good coverage is essential for control.
Good coverage is essential for good rosette bud mite control.
Good coverage is essential for optimum weed control.
Good coverage is essential if soaps or dormant oils are used.
Good coverage is essential, especially for protective fungicides like zineb.
Good coverage is essential.
Good coverage is important since the canes and foliage are hard to wet.
Good coverage is important.
Good coverage is necessary for best results.
Good coverage is necessary without allowing product to puddle on soil surface.
Good coverage is necessary.
Good coverage is needed to reach the aphids on the underside of the leaf.
Good coverage is vital to successful control.
Good cows are expensive, and raising cattle is a hard business.
Any good craftsman has the tools to do the job right.
Good craftsmanship is stressed.
Good creativity is also a useful trait.
Good creatures are immune, evil creatures take double damage, others resist.
Good creatures can live anyplace except for the Southwest lands.
Good creatures glow with saintly goodness.
Good credit benefits everyone in the credit reporting process.
Good credit is a criteria.
Good credit is a huge deal , the one sure way to get bigger loans and lower rates.
Good credit is a major factor in determining eligibility.
Good credit is a necessity rather than an option.
Good credit is a requirement.
Good credit is a very relative concept, but generally speaking the credit has to be reasonably good.
Good credit is an asset when applying for other credit, such as a car loan or home mortgage.
Good credit is created over time.
Good credit is essential in making major purchases in the future.
Good credit is everything.
Good credit is important.
Good credit is intelligent agents.
Good credit is one of the most valuable assets' a consumer can have.
Good credit is one sign of a company's financial health and indicates the firm pays bills on time.
Good credit is required, but no debt to income credit test for eligibility.
Good credit is required.
Good credit is the single most important qualifying factor.
Good credit is very important.
Good credit makes life easier.
Good credit takes work.
Good crew can always reach the top.
Good crews get free turns to simulate their superior manoeuvering capabilities.
Good crews make drivers look good.
Good cricket is always worth watching and there was much good cricket to see.
Most good cricketers can turn their hand to bowling a decent ball as well.
Good criminals can get into a van or car within seconds.
Good criteria distinguish qualitative differences among students' learning and performance.
Good criticism is always a surprise.
Good critique is essential.
Good critique is like good sex.
Good critiques contain praise along with the criticism.
Good crops can go bad in storage in relatively little time.
Good crops depend on a well planned and integrated program.
Good crops occur nearly every year.
Any good crop requires adequate moisture, energy, and nutrients to be successful.
Good crowd turn out and an overall alcohol filled evening.
Good cryptographers know that nothing substitutes for extensive peer review and years of analysis.
Good cryptographers rely on peer review to separate the good algorithms from the bad.
Good crystals are both complex and handsome.
Good crystals are rare and thus bornite is commonly known as simply a massive mineral ore.
Good crystals are rare, but prized when found.
Good crystals are rare, more commonly compact, granular, lamellar and massive.
Good crystals show multiple facets without discernible symmetry.
Good cues are distinctive and informative.
Good cultivation is the best prevention.
Good culture can be a sustainable competitive advantage to gaining and retaining talent.
Good culture is the first step in the control of weeds.
Good culture is the foundation of a good weed control program.
Good culture optimizes periwinkle's chances for a healthy life cycle.
Good curriculum is steeped in significant conceptual development and research.
Good customs are universal and varied, like native chivalry and self-defence.
Good customs build positive memories, and positive memories strengthen unity and sense of identity.
Good customers are easy to deal with, reasonable and try to abide by the business's guidelines.
Good customers are worth almost anything to preserve.
Good customers pay their bills on time .
Good customers pay their bills on time.
Good cuts are well suited as jewelry stones.
Good cuts reflects most light that enters and is an excellent value.
Good cutting is what brings fire to the ice.
Good CVs have such stunning organization that they arouse curiosity and admiration.
Good CVs tell it quickly and clearly.
Good cyclists keep both hands on the handlebars.
Good dads have an open, understanding relationship with their children.
Good dads know how to interpret their meaning.
Good dancers dance together .
Good dancers embellish appropriately.
Good dancers fit their movement to the phrase of the music.
Good dancers make better dancers of the people they dance with.
Good dancing is a lifetime investment in fun and wellness.
Good dancing is good dancing no matter where or what part of the country it comes from.
Good databases have a controlled vocabulary or thesaurus.
Any good database needs to be based on efficient observations.
Good dates are hard to find.
Good data are available for freight transport by sea, rail and air.
Good data are data whose characteristics enable the research objectives to be met.
Good data are essential to decision-making, but sometimes good data are hard to find.
Good data are hard to acquire.
Good data has yet to be determined.
Good data helps companies make informed, strategically sound decisions.
Good data helps providers develop appropriate measurable objectives.
Good data is absolutely essential to winning proposals.
Good data is better than data.
Good data is critical to the continuation and expansion of social work services.
Good data is essential for such collections.
Good data is essential to manage customers efficiently and effectively.
Good data is hard to find, at least in the amusement ride world.
Good data is obtained through the sharpness of the interference maxima or minima.
Good data is that which supports evolution.
Good data is the fuel that drives effective category management.
Good data is the key Public records is the primary data source for all commercially available AVMs.
Good data is the most effective manner to suppress mythology.
Good data is very important.
Good data makes good decisions.
Good data provide verifiable, science-based ways to determine the best use of public health dollars.
Good data shows that the finger-length ratio is fixed for life in utero.
A good day is a farewell
Good day be it a little wet and windy.
Good days are usually the result of heavy cloud cover.
Good deacons are a blessing.
A good deal is an amount
Good deals abound.
Good deals are even better.
Good deals are good for all.
Good deals are possible at many local flea markets, where bargaining is still a respected skill.
Good deals go quick.
Good deals homes real estate listing.
Many good deals are to be had from dealers who have taken good previously-owned equipment in trade.
Some good deals are possible.
Good dealers have good reputations and are willing to stand behind their sales.
All good dealers have a company motto.
Good debate is direct.
Good debate means good quality, balanced decision-making.
Any good debate has at least two sides.
Good debt generates a positive cash flow.
Good debt is like diabetes.
Good debt is productive.
Good decision taking and good planning is informed by relevant topical quality information.
Good decisions are important.
Good decisions are the ones which resolve the problem identified.
Good decisions are the result of decision-makers having access to a rich base of relevant knowledge.
Good decisions are the result of shared knowledge and mutual respect.
Good decisions begin with listening.
Good decisions combine the efforts of a number of people.
Good decisions come from experience and experience come from door decisions.
Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.
Good decisions come from experience.
Good decisions come from good decision making processes.
Good decisions come from good information.
Good decisions depend upon judgment as well as upon information.
Good decisions flow from good data.
Good decisions give individuals the freedom to dissent.
Good decisions grow out of good information about our situation, our resources, and our feelings.
Good decisions have a real future.
Good decisions have a short shelf life.
Good decisions lead to contentment and fulfilled lives.
Good decisions made at the right time are better than the best decisions made too late.
Good decisions made under stressful conditions save lives.
Good decisions make for a good reputation.
Good decisions rely on good data.
Good decisions rely on good information.
Good decisions require a carefully thought out process.
Good decisions require accurate information.
Good decisions require discussion and debate beforehand and dissemination of information afterwards.
Good decisions require good information.
Good decisions require good input.
Good decisions require informed decision-makers.
Good decisions require knowledge.
Good decisions result from both knowledge, and timing.
Good decisions result from good research.
Good decisions show others the right way to go.
Good decisions take a lot of time.
Good decisions take time, creativity, and a supportive climate.
Good decisions win the trust of others.
Good decks are the ones high up, on the mountains.
Good deed brings good result while bad action leads to bad result.
Good deeds are a great investment in more ways than one.
Good deeds are always available.
Good deeds are always worth recognizing and rewarding.
Good deeds are like the fruit of the tree.
Good deeds are likely to be recognized.
Good deeds are links that form a chain of love.
Good deeds are the manifestation of a healthy spiritual life.
Good deeds are the natural result of being good, and bad deeds are the natural result of being bad.
Good deeds are their own reward.
Good deeds beget good results and evil deeds bad results.
Good deeds lead a person to wholeness and immortality, while evil deeds make one suffer.
Good deeds pay off in the end.
Good deeds work, too.
All good deeds deserve recognition.
Every good deed produces 'merit' which accumulates to the ' credit ' of the doer.
Many good deeds done daily are seeds of a culture of life and love.
Good defect is good effect.
Good defence needs active pieces.
Good defenders are no less essential than good prosecutors, good judges and good cases.
Any good defender can react, help and recover within two dribbles.
Good defense can defeat all other lines of play.
Good defense comes from hard work.
Good defense comes from the heart and mind.
Good defense creates turnovers, and allows speedy teams like the Avs capitalize on transitions.
Good defense leads to good offense and that's what happened today.
Good defense puts alot a pressure on opponents to try to hit great shots.
Good defense resulting in a score is rewarded by extra offense.
Good defense takes heart and perseverance.
Good defense wins games.
Good defenses get little statistical credit when they make the opposition look bad.
Good defenses get off blocks and tackle well.
Good definition speeds problem solving and saves consulting time.
Good definitions are good because they correspond closely to the disease state being described.
Good definitions exist in textbooks.
Good definitions suggest the conclusions of a theory by analogy .
Good delegation is considered a key skill in both managers and leaders.
Good deliberation is rightness of thinking.
Good delivery comes out of a passion for a subject that extensive research brings.
Good delivery is really a talent.
Good delivery is the key to understanding, and it can be done.
Good demonstration increases coach credibility and team motivation.
Good dentistry is more than excellent clinical skills and state of the art equipment.
Good dentistry is more than excellent skills and equipment and techniques.
Good dentistry is something to smile about.
Good depth makes for a better team.
Good descriptions make finding the right game easy for gift giving.
Good descriptions shown and regional searching is available.
Good design adds clarity, rather than complexity, to an unfamiliar group of facts or events.
Good design aids the reader without getting in the way.
Good design begins at home.
Good design begins with a good format.
Good design begins with understanding our clients' dreams, needs, lifestyle and budget.
Good design builds effective employees and loyal shoppers.
Good design calls for a descriptive label for all links.
Good design calls for a plain white background.
Good design can actually save money.
Good design can eliminate many of the steps that are most damaging to nerves and tendons.
Good design can help overcome some fears about personal safety and being victimized by crime.
Good design can make a significant contribution to accessibility.
Good design can make a Web site stand out among dozens of competing sites selling similar products.
Good design can mean more jobs and more tourists.
Good design can prevent or minimize erosion and runoff.
Good design communicates a message.
Good design considers all users.
Good design consists of contrasts in shape, size, colour and typography.
Good design consists of streamlined, effective communication.
Good design creates value, from graphic design to information design to system design.
Good design depends on understanding human capabilities and human-machine interactions.
Good design does just that, and does it quietly, dependably and clearly.
Good design embraces virtually all potential users.
Good design encourages easy scanning.
Good design encourages responsible use and increases safety.
Good design enhances image and creates long-lasting value.
Good design enhances our understanding of an artefact.
Good design entails much more than aesthetics.
Good design equals credibility.
Good design goes anywhere.
Good design has a kind of notable simplicity and humility.
Good design has no date.
Good design has to go hand in hand with better technology.
Good design helps the person use the computer more efficiently.
Good design involves making crucial information visible.
Good design is a beautiful thing, but re-design is a form of art.
Good design is a combination of all kinds of different things.
Good design is a function of both an original idea and the ability to express it.
Good design is a key to maintaining our livability as the region grows.
Good design is a result of understanding customers' businesses and goals.
Good design is a very ephemeral quality, reached only by the process of elimination.
Good design is about more than aesthetics.
Good design is about solving the problem creatively.
Good design is about the organization and presentation of pertinent information.
Good design is accessible design and vice-versa.
Good design is accessible design.
Good design is accompanied by the sounds of people snowboarding.
Good design is all part of our service.
Good design is also the best way to control renovation costs up front.
Good design is always a challenge.
Good design is an honest expression of the true values of an organization or an artist.
Good design is an important source of economic value and competitive advantage.
Good design is an integral part of a process.
Good design is an integrated approach to materials, fabrication, and logistics.
Good design is an intelligent response to the client's problems.
Good design is an interaction among responsible people.
Good design is as much about how something works as how it looks.
Good design is clean, crisp and simple.
Good design is clean, elegant layout that is easy to read and simple to navigate.
Good design is clear thinking made visible.
Good design is dictated by commercial success, profits, and growth.
Good design is effective.
Good design is essential to an attractive, livable, and functional built environment.
Good design is essential to effective programming.
Good design is essential to get a favorable ranking with search engines.
Good design is essential.
Good design is essentially part of society, with it's ideas, passion, form, and function.
Good design is fundamental to value for money.
Good design is genuinely hard.
Good design is good business .
Good design is good business.
Good design is good design, advertisements that work sell product.
Good design is good design.
Good design is guts, brains and soul.
Good design is important so that aircraft and support vehicles can keep moving.
Good design is important, but good information design is vital.
Good design is impossible to define briefly but fortunately, it is easy to recognize.
Good design is iterative.
Good design is life enhancement.
Good design is like good editing, eliminate the extraneous, leave only the essential.
Good design is more than a question of good taste and appearance.
Good design is much reciprocal on a planet.
Good design is now across all product lines, from computers to appliances.
Good design is of benefit to everyone.
Good design is of great importance when developing any new media product.
Good design is often unabtrusive.
Good design is organized information.
Good design is pleasing, but it also something that quickly slips into the unconscious.
Good design is practical as well as aesthetic.
Good design is really just good problem solving.
Good design is required to achieve an effective arrangement.
Good design is rooted in an understanding of the user's work.
Good design is simple design .
Good design is simply good business.
Good design is still important.
Good design is subtraction.
Good design is teamwork drawing on the combined strength of specialists.
Good design is the key - a clear layout, sharp print and the right colours .
Good design is the most important criterion for creating packages for distribution.
Good design is the most important part.
Good design is the other side of the higher density coin.
Good design is the starting point for a high quality process.
Good design is timeless and produces a harmonic balance that surpasses mere artifice.
Good design is timeless.
Good design is transparent.
Good design is truly a dynamic process.
Good design is very conscious of the human factor, is hospitable, and gracious, and inviting.
Good design is worth fighting for.
Good design is, as it always has been, a business of problem-solving.
Good design makes a good idea seem commonplace and obvious, but changes the way things are forever.
Good design makes a web site exciting and easier to use.
Good design means content.
Good design means good business, as well as personal comfort and well being.
Good design means good surfing, exploring, gathering.
Good design means options.
Good design means paying attention to function as well as format.
Good design needs to focus both on gasket performance and on enclosure performance.
Good design needs to support whatever metric of learning the educator wants to use.
Good design plays a critical role in the creation of really great toys.
Good design presents a reasonable and elegant solution to problems through rigorous analysis.
Good design pursues the ideal while acknowledging the grain.
Good design reflects care and professionalism.
Good design requires good judgment and no analytic tool can replace that.
Good design requires that adequate ventilation be provided for all enclosed space.
Good design requires that adequate ventilation be provided for the deck structure.
Good design says a lot without saying a single word or even displaying a single text.
Good design sells CDs and it is affordable.
Good design sells products.
Good design sells.
Good design skills a plus.
Good design softens the impact of concrete and asphalt.
Good design solves a communication problem.
Good design speaks to the whole person.
Good design stands on it's own.
Good design suggests the simplest possible approach.
Good design supports the data rather than the data supporting the design.
Good design takes careful thought, planning, and hard work.
Good design takes into account the needs of all possible users.
Good design takes time.
Good design transcends borders.
Good design transcends mere fashion.
Good designs are always simple designs.
Good designs are attractive with any number of units per acre.
Good designs are user tested.
Good designs can greatly improve the success of any software project.
Good designs find that solid simplicity which is at the root of anything worthwhile.
Good designs have a strong affinity for each other.
Good designs have few faults and evidence few failures.
Good designs have high cohesion.
Good designs have weak coupling.
Good designs perform better and last longer and that's good for business.
Good designs require both good architects and good clients.
Good designs result in a good solutions.
Good designs tend to stick around, and that's also good news.
All good design is simple.
More Good design catches the eye.
Good designers are busy designers and their time is limited.
Good designers are easy to find.
Good designers are in great demand.
Good designers become great designers by always going back to review the basics.
Good designers build in factors which are attended to involuntarily and automatically.
Good designers can do either.
Good designers force themselves to be concise in small spaces.
Good designers go out of their way to study up on relevant prior works.
Good designers have the ability to see the uncommon in common objects.
Good designers know when they or others have created a good design.
Good designers listen.
Good designers recognize and acknowledge limitations.
Good designers serve an audience.
Good designers study their customers to see what they actually do, and design features from there.
Good designers try to reduce a problem to a structure of previously solved problems.
Good desire is manifested in beauty.
Good desire requires good joy and happiness through good action.
Every good desktop needs a good solitaire package.
Good desserts are also available.
Good detail is given of counties, lakes and major settlements throughout.
Good detail is given to the recovered artifacts.
Good details stand out like a sore thumb.
More good details are here.
Good detectives know how to observe details and recognize cause and effect.
Good detectives learn lots of things from fingerprints.
Good developers know that there's more to development than programming.
Any good developer can eat that stuff up in a few days.
Good development provides a direct link to breaking the cycle of extreme poverty.
Good devices are on the horizon with color displays and integrated functions.
Good devices have as few charges and colors as possible.
Good devices make it easy to identify each charge.
Good devices repeat themselves.
Good diagnosis is key.
Good dialogue can help people to build better relationships and to reflect on their own beliefs.
Good dialogue contributes to a story by moving it along or revealing character.
Good dialogue encourages rigor.
Good dialogue fits seamlessly within the story.
Good dialogue is always more than just surface talk.
Good dialogue is as much about revealing as it is about concealing.
Good dialogue is important.
Good dialogue requires common substance, a topic, and a lots of goodwill.
Good diction makes for better writing.
Good dictionaries divide words up into syllables.
Any good dictionary has explanatory notes.
Any good dictionary includes the pronunciation of the words it includes.
Good diet allows the body to function properly.
Good diet uses all foods in moderation, even cookies, candies and fries.
Good diets consist of fruit.
Good diets consist of hay.
Good diets contain enough nutrients.
Good diets contain essential nutrients.
Good diets contain nutrients.
Good diets contain proteins.
Good diets help energy.
Good diets help people.
Good diets help performance.
Good diets improve health.
Good diets improve liver health.
Good diets include food.
Good diets provide vitamins.
Good diets tend to be expensive, but are worth it.
Most good diets consist of fruit.
Most good diets consist of hay.
Most good diets contain enough nutrients.
Most good diets contain essential nutrients.
Most good diets contain nutrients.
Most good diets contain proteins.
Most good diets help energy.
Most good diets help people.
Most good diets help performance.
Most good diets improve health.
Most good diets improve liver health.
Most good diets provide vitamins.
Some good diets consist of potato.
Some good diets help blood pressure.
Some good diets help high blood pressure.
Some good diets help high pressure.
Some good diets help pressure.
Some good diets provide plenty.
Good dietary habits promote health.
Good digestion begins with a proper feeding posture.
Good digestion is the key to good health.
Good digestion means happiness and virtue.
Good digestion nourishes the body.
Good dinosaurs are hard to come by.
Good diplomacy can make for flawed hashkafa.
Good directions are critical.
Good directors are also introspective.
Good directors are knowledgeable, calm advisors.
Good directors are wonderful con men.
Good directors can create great experiences, while poor directors can create unworkable situations.
Good directors do the same.
Good directors know the difference.
Good directors read the newspaper.
Every good director is a script doctor.
Good directories have a track record and back copies to examine.
Good discipline helps a child develop independent thoughts and actions.
Good discipline is considered paramount to a positive, productive environment.
Good discipline is essential Pledging is discipline.
Good discipline is essential to good management, or stewardship, of our resources.
Good discipline is important both at home and at school.
Good discipline is in.
Good discipline is maintained through a climate of order and respect.
Good discipline is more direction than denial, making a choice for the better.
Good discipline is reinforced by a clear sanctions policy.
Good discipline requires managers to apply sanctions whenever violations become apparent.
Good discipline sets limits and rules and helps a child focus on how to follow the rules.
Good discipline teaches children to respect the adult in charge.
Good disclosure shines a light on the process.
Good discounts are available for bulk buying.
Good discounts are available to members.
Good discussion begins with questions.
Good discussion is based partially on knowledge of the facts.
Good discussion is one of the keys to a good class session.
Good discussion requires careful preparation.
Good discussion requires good reading.
Good discussion takes a lot of preparation.
Good discussions are no accident.
Good discussions require active and knowledgeable participants.
Good discussions take some time for warm-up, reflection, and maximum input.
Any good discussion is a debate, that is, a grappling with contending views.
Many good discussions are ongoing.
Good displays go a long way .
Good displays have large differences in both.
Some good dissertations develop highly complex theories.
Good distinctions do more.
Good disturbances create the future now.
Good divers are near neutrally buoyant.
Good divers know how to preserve a race bottom.
Good divers stay horizontal.
Good docs do so all of the time.
Good doctors appreciate well informed patients.
Good doctors are busy.
Good doctors are invaluable in any society.
Good doctors are of no use without good discipline.
Good doctors know that their income is often dependent on the reputation of their clinic.
Good doctors know that.
Any good Doctor knows quite a bit about brain surgery.
Most good doctors ARE concerned about the best scar.
Good documents are still partly an act of magic.
Good documents have a clear indication at the top of the body of the contents of the document.
Every good document has a title.
Good documentation allow much easier use, maintenance, and reuse of finished software products.
Good documentation can serve as evidence in a court of the law that the process indeed took place.
Good documentation derives from clean concepts of structure.
Good documentation helps balance a somewhat sloppy design.
Good documentation helps make a good customer experience.
Good documentation is a major part of the product being delivered.
Good documentation is a plus.
Good documentation is an absolute prerequisite.
Good documentation is as important as good code.
Good documentation is constructed by making plausible comments.
Good documentation is essential to make the program understandable to other humans.
Good documentation is essential.
Good documentation is good management.
Good documentation is important, but tools are arguably more important.
Good documentation is important.
Good documentation is included.
Good documentation is integral component of good software development.
Good documentation is necessary in the event a claim against the university is filed.
Good documentation is needed to prove the origin of the jewelry.
Good documentation is no accident.
Good documentation is part of a successful business.
Good documentation is provided for the program and for copying links from popular Web browsers.
Good documentation is required.
Good documentation makes it easier for another programmer to modify the program in the future.
Good documentation means having facts to support any personnel decision.
Good documentation sells the upgrade and the next product.
Good documentation takes a lot of time to write.
Good dog collars Many different types of dog collars line the shelves at the pet store.
Good dogs are welcome by prior arrangement.
Good dogs can throw a dysplastic pup.
Good dogs have two.
All good dogs do tricks.
All good dogs have the opportunity to lead.
Good doggie go play in the yard.
Good doggies welcome free of charge.
Good domains are one of the best ways to increase traffic.
Good Doors are very important.
Good doubles depends on sound court positioning.
Good drafts seem to hit the wall.
All good drafts go through several rounds of editing.
Good draftsmanship is simply good writing.
Good drainage can occur in sandy hills and in river bottoms.
Good drainage is a more important consideration than soil fertility.
Good drainage is a requisite.
Good drainage is absolutely necessary.
Good drainage is also a factor in site selection.
Good drainage is also essential for best growth.
Good drainage is also important.
Good drainage is also preferred.
Good drainage is another requirement for the site.
Good drainage is as important as fluid intake.
Good drainage is critical for most ornamental plants.
Good drainage is critical.
Good drainage is crucial.
Good drainage is essential around any livestock buildings.
Good drainage is essential as the seedlings are sensitive to over-watering.
Good drainage is essential but a medium that stays moist and well aerated is the ideal condition.
Good drainage is essential for all lilies.
Good drainage is essential for best growth.
Good drainage is essential for growing plants in containers.
Good drainage is essential for spring-flowering bulbs.
Good drainage is essential for thyme.
Good drainage is essential for winter hardiness.
Good drainage is essential if irrigation is to be used.
Good drainage is essential so make sure to use pots with drainage holes.
Good drainage is essential to almost every period herb species.
Good drainage is essential to geraniums so choose containers with adequate drainage holes.
Good drainage is essential to success.
Good drainage is essential, and raised beds are best.
Good drainage is essential, as roots easily develop root rot.
Good drainage is essential, the tree doing poorly in low, wet locations.
Good drainage is essential.
Good drainage is important for healthy roots.
Good drainage is important to a successful site development.
Good drainage is important.
Good drainage is key.
Good drainage is necessary.
Good drainage is needed to remove excess water from low-lying areas.
Good drainage is needed, because standing water seals out oxygen.
Good drainage is needed.
Good drainage is one of the key factors in maintaining a good roof.
Good drainage is probably the most important single factor in successful lily growing.
Good drainage is recommended to avoid root problems.
Good drainage is required.
Good drainage is the key for success with lilies .
Good drainage is the key for success with lilies.
Good drainage is the most important single factor for successful bulb growing.
Good drainage is very important for successful irrigation.
Good drainage is very important.
Good drainage is vital to avoid root rot and fungal diseases.
Good drainage is vital to avoid soilborne diseases.
Good drainage means fewer problems with root and crown rot and overall better root development.
Good drainage means the roots get adequate moisture without becoming waterlogged.
Good drainage minimizes the risk of seedling diseases.
Good drainage prevents roots from becoming waterlogged.
Good drainage stimulates vigorous growth and reduces the impact of insects and diseases.
Good drama can make bad history.
Good drama is disturbing.
Good drama provides an opportunity to experience how others deal with life experiences.
Good draws are in the beginning, in the middle or in the end.
Good drawing is based on being able to observe with some degree of objective accuracy.
Good drawing is the prime principle of all art activities.
Good drawing is the window to the soul.
Good drawing requires acute perception, vigorous notation, and profound expression.
Good dreams are clear and know the way to the dreamer, descending through the feathers.
Good dreams circle the hoop and enter the life of the dreamer.
Good dreams circle the hoop and filter through the web, finally entering the mind of the sleeper.
Good dreams find the center hole in the dream catcher and slip through.
Good dreams pass through the hole in the center and are fulfilled in the sleeper's destiny.
Good dreams pass through the hole in the enter of the dream catcher to the dreamer.
Good drives are only useful when combined with the right thresholds and strong nerves.
Good driver reports on all races.
Good drivers are able to analyze thousands of different road conditions and react appropriately.
Good drivers are always in demand.
Good drivers are good drivers, whether it's go-karts or stock cars.
Good drivers are good in bed.
Good drivers are sensitive to small changes in boat speed.
Good drivers can just about keep all their tires on the ground.
Good drivers can set a speed and dance through without slowing.
Good drivers carry insurance.
Good drivers do more than comply with the law.
Good drivers drive defensively, scanning the road ahead as well as objects to the side and rear.
Good drivers keep a safe following distance so they can see better.
Good drivers keep their vehicle in safe operating condition.
Good drivers know how to deal with minor mechanical problems.
Good drivers know that driving is a full time job.
Good drivers know when to quit.
Good drivers know, understand and respect the rules.
Good drivers shift their attention back and forth, near and far.
Good drywall is perfectly planar and smooth.
Good dubs seem to take more time and more money - both valuable commodities.
Good durians have pulp that are neither watery nor hard to touch.
All good dweebs are lazy, whether they are programmers, sysadmins, or hackers.
Good dynamics is essential in finding the best contrast area from a picture.
Good ears are necessary for quality or recording judgement, as well as musical appreciation.
Good eating can be satisfying and delicious, and it's never too late to start.
Good eating can become a habit.
Good eating is also a favorite form of shared experience.
Good eating is, after all, good eating.
Good eclecticism is neither messy nor confused.
Good ecologists are curious about the past and inspired by visions of the future.
Good ecology equals good business.
Good ecology is critical to good economics.
Good economy produces prosperity and affluence in each country.
Good editors are also in demand.
Good editors are always interested in thoughtful readers who care enough to share their opinions.
Good editors are emacs and jed .
Good editors are hard to find.
Good editors like to see published work, even published work in fanzines.
Good editors make themselves available to their freelance writers.
Good editors think on two wavelengths.
Most good editors offer such a feature.
Good editorials analyze an issue and take a stand - the stronger the better.
Good editorials do that.
Good education costs money.
Good education equals a good future.
Good education goes deep, searching out complexity and uncovering further questions.
Good education is a step in the right direction.
Good education is cost-effective.
Good education is still possible.
Good education is the essential foundation of a strong democracy.
Good education is the great equalizer of American society.
Good education makes our community a better place to live, work, and raise a family.
Good education requires a willingness to take risks.
Good education requires more than a right wing and a prayer.
Good educations are still the products of great conversations.
All good education teaches people to be increasingly self-educating.
Most good education involves irreducible human costs.
Good educators help students develop critical reading skills.
Good educators present all sides of an issue and encourage discussion.
Good educators realize the importance of knowing and relating to their audience.
Good effects result when a job is high in demands and also gives the worker broad decision latitude.
Good efforts are under way.
A good egg is a person
Good eggs are slightly granular and yellowish in color.
Good elections seek to engage all citizens in the political process.
Good electrical conductors conduct heat.
Good email is often relative to the context of either the sender or the recipient.
Good emails makes it more likely that the message is actually understood.
Good emeralds are the most highly valued of gem stones.
Good emitters are good absorbers at a particular wavelength.
Good empathy is particularly important.
Good emphasis is put on grouping like terms.
Good employees are critical to any businesses success.
Good employees are hard to attract.
Good employees are hard to find and even harder to keep.
Good employees are hard to find and hard to keep.
Good employees are hard to find, and even harder to keep.
Good employees are hard to find.
Good employees are in high demand on the labor market.
Good employees are in high demand.
Good employees are interested in furthering their careers.
Good employees are invaluable.
Good employees are more than technically proficient.
Good employees are the lifeblood of any business.
Good employees can make even a so-so business soar.
Good employees come from all backgrounds.
Good employees demonstrate a strong work ethic.
Good employees deserve pay increases.
Good employees expect to be told when they do good work.
Good employees get excited about the opportunity to learn.
Good employees make a successful company.
Good employees make good impressions.
Good employees make good telecommuters.
Good employees make mistakes.
Good employees make the manager look good, so it is in everyone's interest to keep good people.
Good employees mean happy customers.
Good employees mean the difference between success and failure in the technology market.
Good employees prefer to work in a business with enthusiastic customers.
Good employees welcome challenge.
Good employees welcome the supervision that a camera can provide.
Good employers care about their employees.
Good employers know that taking care of their employees equates with taking care of business.
Good employers like to work with good trade unions.
Good employers operate it well.
Good employers receive rebates or discounts on premiums.
Good employers select employees based on qualitative attributes rather than quantitative issues.
Good encapsulation keeps the pollutants out the print, where they can discolor the paper.
Good encapsulation takes practice.
Good encryption is expensive.
Good encryption is sold as a way to prevent eavesdropping.
Good encyclopedias contain biographical material about well-known people.
Good engine sounds but horrible commentary.
Good engineers are skilled in both.
Good engineers deserve money.
Good engineers make one thing turn into another.
Good engineers understand their systems and are able to learn and understand other people's systems.
Good engineers work according to the regulations.
Any good engineer knows the value of preparation, and the campus visit is no exception.
Good engineering involves training in how to identify, analyse and solve problems.
Good engineering is all about understanding the alternatives.
Good engineering is applied science.
Good engineering is only one part of sustainable, economic and equitable water supply system.
Good engineering is the primary one.
Good engravers concern themselves with their name status.
Good entertainment is always welcome.
Good entertainment is good entertainment.
Good entertainment is hard to find and can be very expensive.
Good entrepreneurs are good networkers.
Good entries employ a powerful visual presentation to illuminate the team's problem and solution.
Good entries feature a well-organized, detailed essay that adheres to competition guidelines.
Good entries tackle problems with an observable impact on a large segment of the community.
Good environments are frequently flexible ones.
Good environmentalism is good business.
Good episode reviews here.
Good equipment attracts people interested in equipment.
Good equipment equals more fish, and is cheaper in the long run.
Good equipment is designed to last for many years.
Good equipment is essential to a surfer.
Good equipment is essential to cold-weather survival, but good sense is even more important.
Good equipment is important for good health.
Good equipment is important.
Good equipment is necessary .
Good equipment is the means to getting good stuff out of the player and into the air.
Good equipment is the way to save money.
Good equipment is worth taking the time to find.
Good equipment means good learning.
Good equivalents exist in other languages.
Good erotica is hard to find as is good horror.
Good espresso drinks, too.
Good essays are always quite personal without being sentimental.
Good essays are revised essays.
Good essays are.
Good essays embrace a larger audience.
Good essays have a flow of ideas which are unified, coherent, and logical.
Good essays have a thesis and support it with numerous specific examples.
Good essays have a thesis supported with numerous specific examples.
Good essays provide a conclusion that matches the thesis.
Good essays provide examples to support the thesis.
Good essays show organized thinking about the topic, and they contain lots of detail and examples.
Good essays start boldly, develop a theme or several themes, and conclude confidently .
Good essays tend to evolve, and often bear very little resemblance to rough drafts.
All good essays have three parts.
Good establishment is the next step.
Good ethics are an essential part of successful businesses.
Good ethics create lasting customers.
Good ethics creates trust and commitment, and trust dissolves when ethics become compromised.
Good ethics depends on good facts and good law depends on good ethics.
Good ethics equal good business.
Good ethics follow from good medicine.
Good ethics hold that a good end can never justify evil means to attain it.
Good ethics is good business, or good politics, or good education policy.
Good ethics is good business.
Good ethics is good for society as well as the economy.
Good ethics leads to good business results.
Good ethics mean good business.
Good ethics means good business.
Good ethics needs sound facts.
Good ethnocentrism requires an attempt to understand each other's differences.
Good etiquette includes arriving in good time for all classes.
Good etiquette is kindness codified.
Good etiquette seems to be a dying art, yet there are good reasons for teens to learn basic manners.
Good etiquette takes into account communication, courtesy and the safety of everyone in the carpool.
Good evaluation is an investment that can be recouped many times over.
Good evaluation is costly.
Good evaluation is good program management.
Good evaluation meets people on their own ground.
Good evaluation produces information about needs, service use patterns, impacts and outcomes.
Good evaluation takes a lot of time.
Good evaluations can be as diverse and multifaceted as the strategies that they assess.
Good evaluations start when the program begins.
Good evaluators are experts.
Good evaluators minimize judgments.
Good evangelists are good teachers.
Good events list.
Good evidence exists for a counter-argument.
Good evidence exists of global warming and the culprit is burning fossil fuels.
Good evidence exists to support vaccination.
Good evidence exists, however, that patching neither aids healing nor reduces pain.
Good evidence supports use of antihistamines, nasal steroid sprays, and immunotherapy.
Good exams are sufficient for measuring student performance and learning.
A good example is an ideal
Good example are labels on the glass doors of soda pop coolers in stores.
Good example involve interacting systems questions ranging from nature to business.
Good example is a great act of charity.
Good example is A Personal Connection .
Good example is a picture tube.
Good example is quartz.
Good example is teeth.
Good example is the best means of cultivating in men the love of virtue.
Good example is the best sermon.
Good example is what's happening out in California.
Good examples abound.
Good examples are ballistic and cruise missiles.
Good examples are balsam, cockscomb, cosmos, dahlia, four-o'clock, marigold, nasturtium, and zinnia.
Good examples are calculus, the telephone, and ceramic superconductors.
Good examples are coffee cans reused to store nails, thread, and many other small items.
Good examples are conditions for which the mortality rates are less than five percent.
Good examples are custom dog dishes, specialty animal foods, and custom cages.
Good examples are either well hidden or non-existent.
Good examples are elections, roads, water supplies, river levees and other large investments.
Good examples are energy, communications, semiconductors, and electronics.
Good examples are flannel, melton and tweed.
Good examples are frogs and toads, both of which live in water when they are tadpoles.
Good examples are gag, red and black grouper, permit, cobia, shark and amberjack.
Good examples are good irrespective of gender.
Good examples are highly sophisticated and demanding wines.
Good examples are India, South Korea and Egypt.
Good examples are insects and amphibians .
Good examples are insects and amphibians.
Good examples are joy, sex, sun, sky, sea and die.
Good examples are kerberos and ssh .
Good examples are murder, rape and armed robbery.
Good examples are nuts and fruits.
Good examples are one part lamb, rabbit or venison mixed with two parts rice or potatoes.
Good examples are piano cadenzas or baroque ornamentation when playing an instrument.
Good examples are presidential elections, or waiting for the verdict of the court in a trial.
Good examples are sheets of paper or a piece of plastic food wrap.
Good examples are similarly dry but can be more grapy and fruity, with a subtly nutty finish.
Good examples are skinless chicken breasts, extra lean ground beef or tuna fish.
Good examples are small grocery stores, video rentals, hair salons, and coffee shops.
Good examples are tables of values.
Good examples are the alias command and the history command.
Good examples are the design of a newspaper or a news TV-program.
Good examples are the hepatitis and yellow fever vaccines.
Good examples are the items in the section now.
Good examples are the three paintings with blue backgrounds to the left as one enters.
Good examples are tricep pushdowns and lat pulldowns.
Good examples are typical .
Good examples have twice the value of good advice.
Good examples have value and carry a premium.
Good examples help both the experienced and the first time grantseeker.
Good examples illustrate each definition.
Good examples Let's look forward.
Good examples lie in the upper left and lower left of the field.
Good examples present a marriage of content and craft.
Good examples range from teenage fashion to more substantiated political concepts.
Many good examples illustrate proper use of punctuation marks.
Some good examples are flight models, perspective viewing, and transportation or logistics problems.
Some good examples are history, political science, and sociology.
Some good examples are jams, breads, potholders, and tree ornaments.
Good execution is crucial to improving investors' profits.
Good executives distrust their own judgement.
Good exemplars inspire students to emulation.
Good exercise come from force with movement.
Good exercises includes aerobics, sports and even dancing.
Good exhibits combine different types of materials to tell their stories.
Good exhibits stand out and are a credit to the exhibitor.
Good expansions seem almost like a no-lose proposition.
Good expectations originate from metabolized doctrine circulating in the soul.
Good experience comes from someone else's bad judgment.
Good experience is extremely rare.
Good experience returns at every defensive position except cornerback.
Good experience wins every time.
Good experiences lead to happy divers, happy divers are long term customers.
Good experiences make good memories.
Good experiments are critical to the study of any system.
Good experts are able to relate their expertise to the experience of lay people.
Good experts are creative in applying skills to the matter at hand.
Most good experts charge an hourly fee.
Good explanation are stories, usually casual stories, which genuinely resolve our curiosity.
Good exposition is clear in conception, well organized, and understandable.
Good exposition requires something more than accuracy.
Good exposure is required.
Good eyes behold truth and enlighten the soul.
Good eyepieces make a significant contribution to image quality.
Good eyesight helps, too.
Good eyesight is essential.
Good eyesight is important because many production jobs require fitting together small parts.
Good eyesight is required for assemblers who work with small parts.
Good eyesight is very helpful, but it takes a lot of mental as well as visual focus.
Good eyesight needs a clear, focused image that is the same in both eyes.
Good eyesight reaches down to mag.
Good eyesights help animals.
Good eyesights help other animals.
Most good eyesights help animals.
Most good eyesights help other animals.
Good fabric can double the cost.
Good fabric is the most important quality in a suit.
Most good fabric is straight as manufactured.
Good facilitation is crucial to effective full group participation.
Good facilitation is the organizational art form based on key skills.
Good facilitators welcome and introduce themselves to every participant.
Good facilitators win the participants' confidence and trust.
Good facilities add up to a good time.
Good facilities are a significant part of a good education.
Good facilities are also vital for success of commerce and industry in the community.
Good facilities are available for the disabled.
Good facilities are clearly the foundation of good communities.
Good facilities are essential to good learning.
Good facilities are essential.
Good facilities exist for both experimental and computational investigations.
Good facilities exist for shopping, dining out and theatre going.
Many good facilities have waiting lists.
Good facts are painfully slow in coming.
Good faculty can find jobs elsewhere and they are doing it.
Good faculty makes the difference in the classroom.
Good fairies are very friendly with good witches.
Good faith can be a spiral that endlessly moves on.
Good faith increases the likelihood that activities are in fact fair use.
Good faith is a factual determination.
Good faith is a theory of defense in false return cases.
Good faith is a theory of defense in tax evasion.
Good faith is absolutely indispensable today.
Good faith is also a factor to be considered in the determination of the level of penalty.
Good faith is always a defense in qualified privilege cases.
Good faith is an absolute defense.
Good faith is any set of beliefs that reinforce the species in it's quest for truth.
Good faith is defined as the opposite of bad faith.
Good faith is honesty in fact.
Good faith is honesty
Good faith is honesty.
Good faith is recognized as a defense to a charge of mail or wire fraud.
Good faith is required in contract modifications.
Good faith is required of, and in the interest of, both sides.
Good faith is the way to go.
Good faith means honesty in fact and observance of reasonable commercial standards of fair dealing.
Good faith means honesty in fact in the conduct of the transaction concerned.
Good faith means honesty in fact.
Good faith means that each party is willing to disclose all relevant information.
Good faith produces good fruit.
Good faith reduces the risks of liability in the event of infringement.
Good faith required of taker is subjective good faith.
Good faith seems to consist in the keeping of a promise.
Good faith works in both directions.
Good fakes can be interesting.
Good families are a lot of fun.
Good families are affectionate.
Good families are hospitable.
Good families are vital to a great country.
Good families deal squarely with disaster.
Good families prize their rituals.
Good family is a safe and forgiving place.
Good family lives contribute much to vocations in Asia.
Good family run, hands on management.
Every good family does some measure of educating their children at home.
Good fans add energy and excitement to any sporting event.
Good fantasy is reality, intensified.
Good fare includes porterhouse steaks, fine salad and baked potato.
All good farms have a junk pile.
Every good farm has outbuildings.
Good farmers raise their animals free from fear, anxiety and stress.
All good farmers become connoisseurs of dirt and dust.
All good farmers increase their yield by turning over the soil and rotating their crops.
Any good farmer builds barns before the harvest comes in.
Many good farmers fail to keep records necessary to prove compliance.
Good farmland can also foster wood crops without hampering normal farm practices.
Good farmland is also good land to build on.
Good farmland is located in the coastal region and in river valleys.
Good farmland makes happy people.
Most good farriers have far more work than they can handle, especially in the warm-weather months.
Good fats can actually help heal the inflammation that underlies arteriosclerosis.
Good fats can improve health without necessarily trimming flavor or the fun of food.
Good fats have vitamin A that are crucial in the developmental years of children.
Good fats help to burn bad fats in our body.
Good fats make for a good egg.
Good fats regulate cell membranes so that they achieve an optimal zone of healthy permeability.
Good fathers are fun to be around.
Good fathers are hard workers.
Good fathers expect the best from their children.
Good fathers know the Bible.
Good fathers look, listen and learn.
Good fathers make their children a top priority in their lives.
Good fathers show emotions.
All good fathers are like that.
All good fathers are pleased with obedient children.
Every good father knows that personal example is the most powerful teacher.
Good fatigue follows successful work or play and resolves within a finite period of time.
Good feature is the clustering of sites into categories.
Good features are the elasticised armholes and the map pockets on the chest.
Good features are the graphics, animal cams, games and feature stories.
Good features refuse to fit a mold.
Good features take time.
Good feedback can reward good rotations and allow correction of poor rotations.
Good feedback creates options.
All good feedback is welcome.
Good feelings are the result.
Good feelings can also occur as a consequence of events that are originally perceived as painful.
Good fellows kill good fellows.
Good fellowship accompanies games.
Good fellowship can lead to good business.
Good fellowship is very valuable to church growth.
Good fences are essential.
Good fences are the best way to prevent any problems.
Good fences make for good neighbors and good boundaries can make for good ministry.
Good fences make good behavior.
Good fences make good friends, they say.
Good fences make good friends.
Good fences make good friendships.
Good fences make good ghettos.
Good fences make good nature.
Good fences make good neighbors .
Good fences make good neighbors, after all.
Good fences make good neighbors, all right.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Good fences make good neighbours.
Good fences make polite neighbors, anyway.
Good fences start with good materials.
Good festivals are like good art.
Good festivals play with strong leads needed.
Good fiction answers that, imagining the whys behind simple facts.
Good fiction does that and Walking Wounded is just that.
Good fiction has to be experienced and lived.
Good fiction is good fiction.
Good fiction is hard to create, good weather even harder.
Good fiction is made of that which is real, and reality is difficult to come by.
Good fiction makes good on that promise.
Good fiction requires a flawless blend of style and storytelling.
All good fiction contains basic elements around which the plot revolves.
All good fiction features characters who have problems to solve or conflicts to overcome.
All good fiction is welcome.
Most good fiction is based on something the author knows personally.
Good fielders begin their movement just as the ball is hit, without wasting even half a step.
Some good fight sounds, music and voice overs make up for it.
Good fighters are often very careful individuals.
Good figure is immense and invisible properties.
Good films are tough to make.
Good films come in small packages.
Good films deserve to be seen.
Good films do fail at the box office.
Good films do fall through the cracks.
Good films get smaller audiences, but more of the viewer.
Every good film touches people more because it appeals to emotions.
Good filmmakers are excellent storytellers.
Good filters reduce allergy symptoms while cleaning.
Good filtration improves clarity.
Good filtration is critical to a healthy pond.
Good finance can accelerate almost anything.
Good financing is available.
Any good fire requires a certain amount of combustible material to ensure a powerful burn.
Good firewalls make good neighbours.
Good firms know their people.
Good firms work within a rigid framework of principles which guide their relationships.
Good fish is solidly frozen, glossy.
Good fishers are also environmentalists, concerned about their total environment.
Good fishers are also persistent.
Good fishers are concerned about their total environment.
Good fishers are well trained.
Good fishers know the territory and they know and understand their target.
Good fishermen check the temperature of the water they intend to fish.
Good fishermen follow a hunch.
Good fishermen know that they key to fishing is understanding the fish.
Good fishermen learn all the presentation tricks.
Good fishing brings in walleye, northern, bass, or panfish for a delicious shore lunch.
Good fishing depends on good water quality.
Good fishing depends on young fish being added to a population each year.
Good fishing is also possible in the region.
Good fishing is always nearby in Idaho.
Good fishing is available all summer, espcially when an angler lucks into a school.
Good fishing is maintained with cooperation among anglers.
Good fishing is reported at the south end of the lake at the outlet to Ireland Lake.
Good fishing is reported near here.
Good fishing is reported, especially above the rock slide.
Good fishing is to be had below the dam.
Good fishing occurs during late summer, but is best in the fall.
Good fishing seems to depend on runs.
Good fit helps welders keep seams clean and strong.
Good fit is assured.
Good fit is crucial to comfortable and supportive office seating.
Good fit is crucial.
Good fit makes everyone look good.
Good fitness is necessary but no technical experience.
Good fitness is needed.
Good fitness is required.
Some good fixatives are orris root, calamus root, oakmoss and tonka bean.
Some good fixatives are sandalwood, frankincense, patchouli, myrrh, and cedarwood .
Good flamenco is ingenious, diverse and a revelation.
Good flashlights are essential.
Good flavor heightens the diner s enjoyment of the foods.
Good flavour is a sensation.
Good flavour is essential to consumer satisfaction.
Good flexibility can prevent injuries and enhance athletic performance.
Good flexibility can prevent injury and enhance performance.
Good flexibility helps prevent lower back pain, improves circulation, and helps prevent injuries.
Good flexibility is an essential component of successful physical performance.
Good flexibility is important and can reduce the likelihood of injuries.
Good flexibility prevents stress injuries.
Good flexibility refers to an advanced degree of limberness in the joints and muscles.
Good flirts are playful, have a sense of fun, adventure and a curiosity about people.
Good flows are important for two reasons.
Good foliage is obviously vital in plants with short blooming periods.
Good folks get mur-dered.
Good follicles contain a visible egg and are likely to perform their proper physiologic function.
Good followers are reliable and dependable people, whom leadership can count on in the clutch.
Good fonts have thousands, all carefully hand placed.
Good food choices have impact.
Good food choices have positive impact.
Good food abounds.
Good food are abundant and they are almost obscenely cheap - and fresh.
Good food begins always with good ingredients.
Good food begins with quality ingredients.
Good food can draw flies just as spoiled food can.
Good food can happen anywhere.
Good food contributes greatly to the development of a healthy child.
Good food deserves good beer.
Good food does amazing things.
Good food equals good mood.
Good food has advantage.
Good food has essential elements,like proteins, vitamins, minerals and roughage.
Good food has minerals.
Good food helps a lot.
Good food improves the scenery and keeps the spirits high.
Good food is a celebration of life.
Good food is a daily requirement for proper growth.
Good food is a matter of individual preference.
Good food is a matter of individual taste.
Good food is a top priority.
Good food is always a draw.
Good food is always simple.
Good food is always welcome.
Good food is at first rejected, and it remains unconvincing for a long time.
Good food is available almost everywhere.
Good food is available at very nominal rates.
Good food is available in the village or in any of the villages nearby.
Good food is available on site.
Good food is available there too.
Good food is available throughout the area.
Good food is available with pubs, hotels and restaurants open throughout the day and evening.
Good food is available, however, with enough variety for a few days' stay.
Good food is essential to good health.
Good food is everything.
Good food is good business.
Good food is good food, whether it's with meat or without, whether it's with seafood or without.
Good food is good humored.
Good food is good medicine.
Good food is good prevention because the right foods are absolutely medicinal.
Good food is high on our list of pack trip priorities.
Good food is important.
Good food is like a good relationship.
Good food is like good lovin'.
Good food is needed to nourish the brain.
Good food is never is short supply.
Good food is nutritious, but desserts are important also.
Good food is offered in a library-like environment, complete with piles of books on the tables.
Good food is served and the bar also stages shows by local artists.
Good food is served daily in the lodge.
Good food is simple.
Good food is suggested at all functions when possible.
Good food is suited to build a strong body and keep the mind clear.
Good food is synonymous with a healthy lifestyle for any feline.
Good food is the basis of good health.
Good food is the root of good health.
Good food is to be enjoyed, and cooking it is to be enjoyed, and growing it is to be enjoyed.
Good food is usually a great incentive.
Good food is very conducive to great conversations, so grab a bottle of wine, and jump in.
Good food is worth paying for.
Good food leads to a solid night's sleep.
Good food makes a happy family.
Good food makes for content dinner guests.
Good food makes good parenting, say experts.
Good food makes grass grow, too.
Good food makes people happy.
Good food means fewer problems.
Good food offers improved fuel, which increases concentration and productivity.
Good food plays important roles.
Good food plays roles.
Good food promotes a healthier state of mind for a more meaningful relationship.
Good food results in growth.
Good food starts with good ingredients.
Good food takes Island time.
Good food takes time.
Good foods are barley, wheat, rye, grasses and corn.
Good foods are certainly on the menu.
Good foods are the tools which provide the necessary nutrients.
Good foods help keep teeth and gums healthy.
Good foods keep bodies growing and working.
Most good food has advantage.
Most good food has minerals.
Most good food plays important roles.
Most good food plays roles.
Most good food takes a while to cook and a mood of cheerful anticipation and audience participation.
Some good food includes flakes.
Good feet are very important to sled dogs.
Good feet are vital to a healthy body as they are our basis of support.
Good footing is important when hitting from a bunker.
Good footing is important.
Good footing is very important.
Good footwear is an asset through sometimes wet area.
Good footwear is essntial for climbing steep slopes.
Good footwear is key.
Good footwear is recommended.
Good footwork is one of a climber's most important assets.
Good footwork is very important.
Good forecasts are critical when the thunder is rumbling or the fog is moving in off the bay.
Good forecasts are worth their weight in gold.
Good forecasts can be beneficial to both parties.
Good forecasts offer both motivation to act and time to prepare for the event.
Good forecasts result from knowledgeable assumptions and methods.
Good forecasting is essential.
Good foresight is into it.
Good forestry is important for water quality, because it prevents erosion and sedimentation.
A good form is propriety
Good form comes later .
Good form demands that the gift be sent about two weeks before the day set for the wedding.
Good form is a key to building muscle.
Good form is all-important in rowing.
Good form is important when using free weights and is sometimes a little tricky to achieve.
Good form is often a staccato affair, with long drawn out parts snapping into fluid dynamic parts.
Good form makes for great results.
Good forms are propriety.
Good format shows brochure price and bid price for different classes of rooms for available dates.
Many good formulations are available.
Good fortune abounds in our beautifully landscaped gardens.
Good fortune attends the great man.
Good fortune can be as disruptive as tragedy.
Good fortune can strike without warning, like a sudden bolt of lightening.
Good fortune comes from a recent project or sale.
Good fortune comes in strange forms.
Good fortune comes in the end.
Good fortune favors the bold.
Good fortune has little to do with it.
Good fortune is a good attitude of the soul, plus good feelings and good actions.
Good fortune is always welcome in the unpredictable world of real estate.
Good fortune is another story.
Good fortune is created when ideas are put into action.
Good fortune is dull company.
Good fortune is fortune.
Good fortune is just part of the success story.
Good fortune is luck
Good fortune is most often the result of hard work.
Good fortune is random and impartial.
Good fortune is rare without having misfortune in inches through it.
Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with planning.
Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with preparation.
Good fortune reigns all birthday long.
Good fortune relating to ideals in life come as a bi-product of actions.
Good fortune smiles upon the ram.
All good fortune is a gift of the gods, and. . .
Good fossils are thus rare.
Good frames can add substantially to the value of art, paintings, posters, certificates, etc.
Any good framer can get the walls up fast.
Good freshmen can play from day one.
Good friends are a treasure.
Good friends are always close at heart .
Good friends are always together in spirit.
Good friends are dependable.
Good friends are easy to adore.
Good friends are easy to love.
Good friends are emotions so deep that the trust just keeps growing over the years.
Good friends are essentially the unsung heroes.
Good friends are hard to come by.
Good friends are hard to find .
Good friends are hard to find and it's even harder to keep a good friendship from going bad.
Good friends are hard to find, harder to leave and impossible to forget.
Good friends are hard to find, harder to leave, and impossible to forget.
Good friends are hard to find.
Good friends are hard to fine, especially in the volatile indie music industry.
Good friends are here.
Good friends are important all of the time, but they are especially important in complex times.
Good friends are important things, too.
Good friends are laughter and tears.
Good friends are like quilts, they never lose their warmth.
Good friends are lives overlapping.
Good friends are more important than money.
Good friends are our companions on the road to holiness.
Good friends are rare.
Good friends are stories to share.
Good friends are supportive of each other and respect one another's opinion.
Good friends are the best rewards, and the best way to get good friends is by being one.
Good friends are the heart of rural practice.
Good friends are to keep.
Good friends are too hard to come by.
Good friends are too important to carelessly push aside.
Good friends are trustworthy.
Good friends are very hard to come by.
Good friends are worth a lot and hard to come by.
Good friends are worth the risk.
Good friends can disagree without hurting each other.
Good friends can help clear the muddy waters.
Good friends can lend support and guidance.
Good friends can show support in other ways as well.
Good friends care about each other.
Good friends come and good friends go, but only the best friends stick around forever.
Good friends count on each other for lots of things.
Good friends do.
Good friends get at each other's throats while searching for lost treasure.
Good friends get together for a day of sailing.
Good friends give each other compliments.
Good friends give each other room to change.
Good friends give to each other and in the process both are enriched.
Good friends go together like peanut butter and jelly.
Good friends help build self esteem and positive relationships reinforce self worth.
Good friends help each other become their best .
Good friends help each other solve problems.
Good friends is set in the home.
Good friends know everything about each other.
Good friends listen to each other.
Good friends love and protect each other.
Good friends love to care.
Good friends love to clean up toys.
Good friends meet at the place with the airplane on the roof.
Good friends pay a surprise visit . . . . . .
Good friends respect each other.
Good friends shape one's sense of the world.
Good friends speak the same language.
Good friends stay here.
Good friends touch comfortably.
Good friends try to understand each other's feelings and moods.
Many good friends contribute tunes to our repertoire.
Some good friends become subjects.
Some good friends shake hands.
Some good friends write pages.
Some good friends write web pages.
Good friendship is an enduring process.
Good friendship is said to follow a quarrel.
Good friendships are part of any wholesome community.
Good friendships can develop as children learn to work and play together.
Good friendships take work.
All good friendships are sacred.
Good fruit carries through in the palate.
Good fruit crops every two years.
Good fruit follows obedience.
Good fruit includes bananas.
Good fruit is the basis of any good wine.
Good fruit is the result of sound living living according to moral truth and upright character.
Good fruit requires a lot of thought and planning.
Most good fruit includes bananas.
Good fuel is the second most important thing in diesel maintenance, after the lube oil.
Good functionality is a reflection of the technology.
Good funds stay successful sometimes, and sometimes they fall into the dumps.
Good fundraisers organize teams of volunteers to help with fundraising.
Good gamblers can calculate odds, and non-gamblers know that the house always wins.
Good game play, more realistic than other baseball games.
Good games abound here.
Good games are based on skill.
Good games are best of all.
Good games are crucial to the success of the console.
Good games are timeless.
Good games come in all forms.
Good games facilitate development while they build a sense of community.
Good games involve more than good programming.
Good games range from the solid to the exceptional.
All good games have a compulsive nature.
Any good game does have imitators.
Many good games are still on the horizon, but the future is definitely uncertain after that.
Good gardens are confident gardens, flaunting their good structure and bones.
Good gardeners are often stubborn, persistent and often a bit defiant.
Every good gardener has an almanac.
Every good gardener knows next year's garden actually begins in autumn.
Every good gardener knows that the key to healthy plants is a fertile soil.
Every good gardener owes themselves a visit to Washington, D.C. to see the cherries.
Good gardening is based on understanding nature's interactions.
Good gas has a sparkle and looks fluorescent.
Good gear guarantees good times.
Good gear is useless without good methodology.
Good gene is incorporated into lung cells.
Good genes help.
Good genes search out good genes.
Good genealogists demand proof.
Any good general knows the best tactic is to divide and conquer.
Good germs can also help clean up our environment, like in oil spills.
Some good germs live in the gastrointestinal tract of the body to help make vitamins.
Good germination occurs when water and oxygen are present at a favorable temperature.
Good gestures are just as important to good lip sync as using the right phonemes.
All good gifts come from above.
Good Girls believe in the inherent goodness of humanity.
Good girls compromise.
Good girls glaze at glass ceilings and forever wonder while bad girls tackle guyblocks.
Good Girls keep their mouths shut in class.
Good girls loosen a few buttons when it's hot.
Good girls pack their toothbrush.
Good girls prefer the missionary position.
Good girls prefer the missionary postition.
Good Girls realize that men are the natural leaders.
Good girls say 'no'.
Good girls steal bad girls' boys.
Good girls think the office is the wrong place to have sex.
Good girls wear high heels to work.
Good girls wear white cotton panties.
Every good girl deserves a good hard drive with lots of RAM every once in a while.
Good gloves are essential.
Good gloves are hard to find.
Good goals are at the core of all good proposals.
Good goals are neither too easy nor impossible.
Good goals are specific.
Good goals provide focus and increase project efficiency.
Good goalies make hard saves look easy.
Good goalies watch the puck carefully and set up to take each shot.
Any good goalie wants that.
Good goalkeepers know just where they are in the penalty area.
Good golf begins with a good grip.
Good golf comes with a good swing, too.
Good golf is really a product of the mind.
Good golf is what touring professionals do.
Good golfers can, and do, swing hard.
Good golfers get off the course faster, but bad ones spend more time under the trees.
Good golfers shoot for the pin, while average golfers shoot for the green.
Good golfers use the same principle when hitting long and accurate drives.
Every good golfer has a pre-shot routine and sticks to it, no matter what.
Good gossip approximates art.
Good gossip is about everybody else.
Good governance calls for accountability.
Good governance can do miracles in the area.
Good governance creates an enabling environment for economic growth.
Good governance demands well-functioning and accountable public and private institutions.
Good governance depends on enlightened decision making.
Good governance depends on many factors.
Good governance goes hand in hand with alleviating poverty.
Good governance has many attributes.
Good governance helps the company learn from all relationships.
Good governance is a key to whether nations are overwhelmed or triumph by it.
Good governance is about participation, about letting the people's voice be heard.
Good governance is all about partnership of all the stakeholders.
Good governance is also a component of our work for peace.
Good governance is also crucial for private sector development.
Good governance is also essential.
Good governance is also likely to be affected in another way.
Good governance is also part of our work for peace.
Good governance is always a work in progress.
Good governance is an accomplishment.
Good governance is an umbrella concept.
Good governance is another key to sustained growth.
Good governance is central to improving confidence in public institutions and development programs.
Good governance is considered crucial by all donors.
Good governance is critical to poverty reduction.
Good governance is essential for restoring market confidence in an economy.
Good governance is key here.
Good governance is more than fighting corruption.
Good governance is needed for sustainable urban development.
Good governance is now more than ever the condition for the success of both peace and development.
Good governance is perhaps our best ally in fighting drug distribution and abuse.
Good governance is perhaps the most effective form of conflict prevention.
Good governance is strengthened in two ways.
Good governance is the people's right.
Good governance is, among other things, participatory, transparent and accountable.
Good governance means an effective system of checks and balances.
Good governance means democratic government.
Good governance means stability, economic growth and human development.
Good governance means the effective and efficient ways government does that it is mandated to do.
Good governance means transparency, accountability, respect for the people.
Good governance provides a 'feel-good' factor to investors and business partners.
Good governance requires appropriate infrastructures.
Good governance requires that leaders are in sync with new thinking and new communication skills.
Good governance rests on three pillars.
Good governance seems to pay off in the corporate sector.
Good governance wins international investor confidence.
Good government cites or public information cites.
Good government correlates to immediate access to pertinent information.
Good government depends on an efficient administration and sound infrastructure.
Good government depends upon attracting good candidates.
Good government depends utterly upon developing a more enlightened and critical civic environment.
Good government flourishes when the people are involved.
Good government gets the people's wealth, while good instructions get their hearts.
Good government has the responsibility to ensure that is citizenry is properly educated.
Good government involves the public and is responsive to citizens.
Good government is a critical component to building healthy communities.
Good government is about good decision making.
Good government is another.
Good government is based on the individual.
Good government is decisively more important than firm government.
Good government is essential to building the trust of our citizens.
Good government is far too important to allow expense to interfere.
Good government is faster, cheaper and more efficient.
Good government is good politics.
Good government is no accident.
Good government is our right.
Good government is responsive government.
Good government is the art of compromise.
Good government is the culmination of good examples.
Good government makes good politics and good politics makes good government.
Good government means the happiness, prosperity, success and welfare of the people.
Good government requires diversity of opinion and an informed electorate.
Good government requires good communication.
Good government requires strong leadership tempered by compassion and common sense .
Good government seeks to meet the reasonable, yet sometimes diverse needs of a community.
Good government seeks to meet the reasonable, yet sometimes diverse needs of an entire community. .
Good government works better than fine philosophy.
Good governments come and go, as do bad governments.
Good governments have open procedures and transparent decisionmaking.
Good governments steer a steady course between leadership and consultation.
Good governments take trouble to avoid such conflicts.
Good grades add up, but show no real value while a student was still in school.
Good grades are an important consideration in the college admissions process.
Good grades are an important element in the college admissions process.
Good grades are an important evaluation method.
Good grades are essential for admission to a university.
Good grades are essential to law school admittance.
Good grades are essential.
Good grades are good, but cheating is evil.
Good grades are important even for obtaining summer internships.
Good grades are important, but they can be measured in different ways.
Good grades are important, especially for positions in governmental agencies.
Good grades are important.
Good grades are just a bonus.
Good grades are just the beginning.
Good grades are mostly prerequisite for scholarship success.
Good grades are nice.
Good grades are often at least partly the result of taking less demanding classes.
Good grades are only PART of a good application.
Good grades are the priority.
Good grades are the result of hard work.
Good grades can demonstrate that desire.
Good grades come from consistent and effective study, practice, and regular classroom attendance.
Good grades have their price and desperate students are willing to fork over the dough.
Good grades help students to get jobs and to get into university.
Good grades make the west side trail suitable for active families.
Good grades mean graduation with honors, scholarships, career advancement.
Good grades pay off.
Good grades reflect real learning only if a school's standards are high.
Good grades require good study habits.
Good grades take effort.
Good graduates can miss the best opportunities by leaving things to late.
Good grains grow there and fruit.
Good grammar is always an option.
Good grammar is an essential part of good writing, and good writing is what gets published.
Good grammar is critical to effective communication.
Good grammar is essential for clear communication.
Good grammar is essential for quality writing.
Good grammar is essential, of course, but avoid stilted or too-formal language.
Good grammar is essential.
Good grammar is important.
Good grammar is modeled.
Good grandparents convene family conferences to set standards and iron out disagreements.
Good graphics accomplish several tasks better than words alone can.
Good graphics add to the well-done presentation.
Good graphics are key to a good web site.
Good graphics ensure that the text presented is legible and easy to scan.
Good graphics help readers understand concepts that are difficult to convey through text alone.
Good graphics help the viewer interpret the content and move on to the next page.
Good graphics help to make the statistics meaningful.
Good graphics is an art as much as it is a science.
Good graphics starts with good primary images.
Good graphics take a lot of expertise to produce.
Good graphics take a lot of work.
Good grass can grow here.
Good grass grows the best fleece and good grazing practices optimize the results.
Good grass is good for horses.
Good gratings are expensive, however.
Good grazing is limited, so take care to protect and conserve existing forage.
Good grazing is more a product of the commitment and attitude of a farmer than the land and weather.
Good grazing is the number one concern.
Good grief sounds like a contradiction in terms.
Good grooming does count.
Good grooming goes a long way when it comes to nail health.
Good grooming includes being clean shaven at all times.
Good grooming involves more than wearing nice clothes.
Good grooming is also important.
Good grooming is an outward manifestation of a good attitude.
Good grooming is essential - clean fur keeps animals cooler and discourages parasites.
Good grooming is essential and includes neat hair, nails, and shoes.
Good grooming is essential to projecting the proper image.
Good grooming is essential.
Good grooming is important for appearance and health.
Good grooming is key to a professional impression.
Good grooming keeps the extra hair from ending up on the carpet.
Good grooming shows high self-esteem and confidence in one's ability.
Good grooming starts with proper lighting at the mirror.
Good ground covers for shade include mondo grass, ivy and dwarf confederate jasmine.
Good ground is hard to come by.
Good grounding is necessary for the shunting process to work.
Good grounding is the cheapest insurance against lightning damage.
Good groups are nice together and take care together.
Good groups have good albums.
Every good group setting out on a trip needs a map.
Good grow conditions lead to growth.
Good growers are always willing to try something new in their growing regimen.
Good growers can get comparable yields from either type of production.
Good growers do well.
Good growers have very high rates of ventilation to keep the plants dry and healthy.
Good growth is controlled growth.
Good growth is planned and managed.
Good guard play.
Good guesses are useful too.
Good guidance is about learning.
Good guidance is provided to students through the course and other booklets.
Good guides are expensive.
Good guides take care of everyone.
Good guidelines help ensure that boards fulfill their missions.
Every good guitar needs a great general physician.
A good guy is a person
Good guy takes the contest in a decision.
Good guys are always good looking.
Good guys are bullshit.
Good guys are clear-cut.
Good guys are cops and bad guys are mobs.
Good guys are good.
Good guys are heroes, and the bad guys are monsters.
Good guys are immune to that kind of thing.
Good guys are more controlled, they require a subtlety of expression.
Good guys are peaceable.
Good guys are people.
Good guys are the only ones who have a sense of humor.
Good guys are the only ones with a sense of humor.
Good guys become bad guys and return to being good guys again.
Good guys can just live off it.
Good guys can turn bad, and bad guys can change to good.
Good guys can, and do, finish first.
Good guys curse.
Good guys do finish last.
Good guys do good things.
Good guys do wear black.
Good guys draw first.
Good guys fight bad guys.
Good guys finish first, after all.
Good guys finish last.
Good guys gather gourds going gouging.
Good guys get life.
Good guys go to bars, but they're usually just there for the merriment and cheerful interaction.
Good guys going to win, bad guys going to win, stretch the rubber band.
Good guys have no place in the modern cultural consiousness.
Good guys keep their word.
Good guys lose.
Good guys remain good guys.
Good guys ride white horses .
Good guys score six, bad guys zero, and the hostages are safe though shaken.
Good guys take on the bad guys.
Good guys turn bad.
Good guys wear black.
Good guys wear orange and black.
Good guys wear white hats and sell white code.
Good guys win.
Most good guys get life.
Some good guys help pest problems.
Some good guys help problems.
Good gyms offer professional supervision.
Good habit produce good results.
Good habits are as hard to break as bad ones.
Good habits are difficult to establish.
Good Habits are hard to develop but easy to break.
Good habits are important in learning to swim correctly.
Good habits are important.
Good habits are invaluable.
Good habits are much easier to inculcate at an early age.
Good habits are the key to all success.
Good habits are the keystone to losing weight.
Good habits can be fine things.
Good habits can be very useful.
Good Habits Can handle quit a lot of beer.
Good habits can help anyone.
Good habits can improve sleep.
Good habits can replace bad habits.
Good habits flow from observing the good practice of others.
Good habits have to be developed in the early years.
Good habits help save our lives and our souls.
Good habits help to form a good penalty-killing team and speciality teams in general.
Good habits make and support our character.
Good habits pay off in old age.
Good habits prevent accidents.
Good habits produce happiness, and everyone wants to be happy.
Good habits promote health.
Good habits relating to fitness begin as early as age two.
Good habits start young.
Good habits take time and a lot of practice before they become habitual.
Good habits take time to build up too.
Good habits turn baby steps into giant steps.
Most good habits promote health.
Some good habits enhance ability.
Some good habits help chances.
Good habitat includes a muddy bottom and abundant vegetation.
Good habitat includes providing natural and agronomically produced foods in variety and abundance.
Good habitat is limited and moose numbers are low.
Good habitat is the key to a healthy fishery.
Good habitat is the most critical component or limiting factor to having high quail populations.
Good habitat provides food as well as cover.
Good habitat requires an interspersion or mixture of woodlands, brush, grass, and croplands.
Good habitats are numerous both in the temperate and in the tropical sections of the region.
Good habitats provide plentiful fruit, seeds, insects and vegetation for turkeys to consume.
Good habitation is basis of success.
Good hands are the result of a strong well-balanced seat.
Good hands have both high cards and deuces.
Good hands make for an effective and soft sets.
Good hands require little but they do demand respect.
Good handicappers can come out ahead.
Good handicappers come out ahead.
Good handouts are very helpful here.
Good handouts can save students from laborious, sometimes even mindless copying.
Good handouts identify an organized, competent individual who works at a top-notch organization.
Good handwriting is essential.
Any good hardware has to be supported by software.
Good hardwood is very expensive.
Some good hardwoods are hickory, oak, mesquite, maple, apple, cherry, and grapevine.
Good hats are hard to come by.
Good hatches occur throughout the summer.
Good hay is free of mold, dust, and weeds and has a bright green color and a fresh smell.
Good hay is green and leafy with small, fine stems.
Good head is hard to come by.
Good heads are the key to success.
Good headgear is particularly important.
Good headlines are the result of sound strategic planning.
Good headlines give people a reason to keep reading.
Good healing is elegant and beautiful.
Good health affects individuals and the communities in which they live.
Good health begins at an early age.
Good health begins at the cellular level.
Good health begins with good information.
Good health can help ease allergy symptoms, and good health starts with nutrition.
Good health comes easily to some.
Good health comes from genes, luck, but especially lifestyle.
Good health comes from good habits and wise choices.
Good health comes from souls living within each person.
Good health depends a lot more on prevention and lifestyle choices than on treatment.
Good health depends largely upon high fiber consumption.
Good health depends on a balanced and free flowing life energy.
Good health depends on good nutrition.
Good health depends upon good communication within and without.
Good health depends very much upon the efficiency of oxygen intake by the body.
Good health does depend on a varied diet.
Good health entails a high level of physical, mental, and spiritual well being.
Good health goes beyond medical care.
Good health includes physical, social, mental, and spiritual well-being.
Good health is a balance of mind, body and spirit.
Good health is a balance of water and electrolytes.
Good health is a basic right for every citizen of the world.
Good health is a basic right for everybody.
Good health is a blend of physical and emotional well-being.
Good health is a byproduct of a balance of one's electrolytes and water as well as nutrients.
Good health is a challenge.
Good health is a choice.
Good health is a collaborative effort.
Good health is a combination of a healthy body, healthy mind, and healthy spirit.
Good health is a combination of high reach, low delay, low offset, and low dispersion.
Good health is a combination of physical, mental and spiritual components.
Good health is a condition
Good health is a continuous goal.
Good health is a gift.
Good health is a physical asset and without it, it's impossible to make a living.
Good health is a product of self-discipline and control over ones body, mind and habits.
Good health is a sound soul in a sound body.
Good health is a team effort.
Good health is a type of prosperity.
Good health is a vigorous and ever-changing subject.
Good health is a way of life in California.
Good health is about much more than just staying alive.
Good health is achieved through prevention.
Good health is actually a matter of living a life that is free of illness.
Good health is also important too.
Good health is an easy sell.
Good health is an essential determinant of social development and economic growth.
Good health is an essential part of social justice.
Good health is an illusion and outside our direct control.
Good health is an important component of well-being.
Good health is an important ingredient for higher productivity and development.
Good health is an lifelong goal.
Good health is an on-going process rather than a quick fix or emergency repair system.
Good health is arguably the most important contributor to an individual's quality of life as well.
Good health is as much mental as anything else.
Good health is at the heart of enjoying life to the fullest.
Good health is available to everyone.
Good health is basic to sound education and productive living.
Good health is basic to the well being of an individual.
Good health is beautifully boring.
Good health is dependant upon adequate mineralization.
Good health is dependent in a large part on good nutrition and regular physical activity.
Good health is dependent upon having a good foundation for health.
Good health is dependent upon the balance of yin and yang being constantly harmonious.
Good health is desirable.
Good health is destroyed by a disease.
Good health is due in part to a satisfying love encounter.
Good health is easy to come by with three easy steps.
Good health is emphasized through a variety of wellness programs supervised by our resident nurse.
Good health is essential for any child's development.
Good health is essential for learning and cognitive ability.
Good health is essential for learning.
Good health is essential for utilising the body for good deeds.
Good health is essential to good living.
Good health is essential to mission accomplishment and happiness.
Good health is essential to student learning.
Good health is everybody's business.
Good health is everyone's goal.
Good health is everyone's major source of wealth.
Good health is everyones major source of wealth.
Good health is fundamental to all our lives.
Good health is fundamental to people s wellbeing and central to sustainable economic development.
Good health is good business.
Good health is good living.
Good health is high on everyone's list of personal priorities.
Good health is imperative for all people.
Good health is important to insure that success.
Good health is in the can.
Good health is irreplaceable.
Good health is just a bonus.
Good health is just good business.
Good health is largely a matter of good fortune.
Good health is mental, physical and social well-being.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Good health is more than a healthy body.
Good health is more than just being slim or looking good in a bathing suit.
Good health is more than the absence of disease.
Good health is more that just the absence of illness.
Good health is much more than the absence of illness.
Good health is necessary as employment is usually outdoors and of a physical nature.
Good health is necessary for effective learning.
Good health is necessary for proper growth and development both physical and mental.
Good health is necessary.
Good health is needed and a considerable degree of stamina and dexterity.
Good health is no accident.
Good health is no different.
Good health is no longer about blame, but about opportunity and responsibility.
Good health is no longer merely the absence of disease.
Good health is one of life's most wonderful blessings.
Good health is one of the essential ingredients of rural life.
Good health is one of the foundations of a happy life.
Good health is one of the many benefits of laughter.
Good health is one of the most valuable and important of our possessions.
Good health is our birth-right.
Good health is peace of mind.
Good health is physical, mental and spiritual.
Good health is possible at any body size.
Good health is priceless.
Good health is quite a success.
Good health is required to keep up with the work and the warm to hot climate.
Good health is sexier than smoking can ever be.
Good health is so natural that most people often pay attention to it only when they are sick.
Good health is some of the best pampering.
Good health is suggested.
Good health is the beginning of everything.
Good health is the cornerstone of a happy and productive life.
Good health is the cornerstone of so many things in life.
Good health is the foundation for inner peace, happiness and success.
Good health is the foundation of every person's quest to reach their full potential.
Good health is the greatest boon for everyone, for scholars most of all.
Good health is the highest gain.
Good health is the most important thing in life.
Good health is the most important thing.
Good health is the norm with all our dogs and their goats.
Good health is the ultimate key to action.
Good health is treasured.
Good health is very important.
Good health is visible, it can be seen as well as felt when breeding stock is being selected.
Good health is vital to a child's ability to learn and succeed in life.
Good health is vital to a good life.
Good health is vital.
Good health is work.
Good health is worth it.
Good health lies in giving up the quest for good health.
Good health makes our lives more enjoyable and saves money for everyone.
Good health means a perfect balance between the body, mind and soul.
Good health means better reflexes, better muscular control, and greater stamina.
Good health means eating well and getting enough exercise.
Good health means keeping all bodily systems in proper balance.
Good health means keeping everything in balance, and sickness means an excess of one of the humors.
Good health means more than just physical well-being.
Good health means more than just the absence of disease.
Good health means much more than a lack of illness, it means energy, including sexual energy.
Good health means the integration of body, mind and spirit.
Good health produces natural attractiveness.
Good health promotes development.
Good health promotes social development.
Good health represents a different molecular balance.
Good health requires a balance between the three doshas within each individual.
Good health requires a budget adequate to buy some fresh fruits and vegetables.
Good health requires active participation by individuals.
Good health requires food.
Good health requires knowledge and discipline.
Good health requires more than just attention to the absence of illness.
Good health seems to be an integral part of beauty.
Good health starts before a baby is born.
Good health starts with a happy heart.
Good health starts with good information.
Good health starts with good nutrition - Good nutrition can protect against disease later in life.
Good health starts with good nutrition.
Good health starts with prevention, and last month's showing was a healthy sign.
Good health starts within.
Good health supports lifelong learning, living and well being.
Good health takes time and perspective, and that's what a health care professional can offer.
Most good health promotes social development.
Most good health requires food.
Good healthcare is important throughout life.
Good healthcare is people and equipment intensive, and the people and equipment are expensive.
Good healthcare is vital for pets too.
Good healthcare starts with a good physician.
Good hearing can subsequently deteriorate.
Good hearing helps create a good sense of balance.
Good hearing is a basis for classroom comprehension.
Good hearing is absolutely essential and singers are helped by attractive looks and poise.
Good hearing is critical for normal speech and language development.
Good hearing is especially important when learning to speak.
Good hearing is essential for babies to learn to talk.
Good hearing is essential to the social and intellectual development of infants and young children.
Good hearing is essential.
Good hearing is extremely important for the development of speech and language skills.
Good hearing is provided by two large external ear canals at the back of the head.
Good hearing is required in performing a majority of the tasks.
Good hearts are full of light.
Good heaters can take the van out before the circuit is up.
Good heavens let's hope all is well.
Good heavyweights do take a few knocks on their way up.
Good hedges help improve the environment.
Good helmets can still meet the impact performance standards with the larger vents.
Good help file available.
Good Help Gets Harder to Find.
Good help is apparently hard to find everywhere.
Good help is available within the database.
Good help is available, too.
Good help is available.
Good Help Is Hard to Find . . . . .
Good help is hard to find .
Good help is hard to find and even harder to keep.
Good help is hard to find.
Good help is hard to get.
Good help is provided to assist in learning how to use the system.
Good help is provided.
Good help is simply hard to find.
Good help is so hard to find.
Good help is SO hard to find.
Good helpers are important to People First.
Good herd managementbegins with an animal identification system for record keeping.
Good hides are scarce.
Good highways are essential for the delivery of good and services.
Good highways make for commerce and growth.
Good hikes become great hikes with a camp meal and sleep under the stars.
Good historians work back and forth between the specific and the general.
All good historians are novelists and poets and storytellers at heart.
Good history is a question of survival.
Good history is a symptom of a culture with a strong learning curve.
Good history makes good films.
Good history matters as much as accurate journalism does.
Good hitters adjust very quickly to a pitcher.
Good hitters are aggressive and they swing at strikes.
Good hitters do that.
Good hitters feed off each other like that.
Good hitters hit good pitchers.
Good hitters hit well when men are on base.
Good hitters take advantage of that.
All good hitters have more than one shot.
Good hoaxes are.
Good holding is close in clear of the local moorings.
Good holding is found at both in moderate to deep water.
Good holding is found in moderate depth.
Good holding is found in moderate to deep water just about anywhere in the bay.
Good holding is in moderate depths off the beach.
Good homes are always worth the wait.
Good homes are hard to find.
Good homes have a way of evaporating when the puppies are born.
Good homes have family councils and residents' councils.
Good hometown feel with opportunities for service.
Good hooks are expensive and a tube is just a few cents.
Good horror is hard to find.
Good horror is psychological, as good science-fiction is political.
Good horses are able to perform well week after week.
Good horses are able to perform well, week after week.
Good horses are difficult to find but can be found . . .
Good horses are few, like good friends, Though they appear many to the inexperienced eye.
All good horses are nice to ride.
Good horsemanship is a philosophy and a way of life.
Good horsemanship is critical to success in any horse-related sport.
Good horsemanship is the key element to all equestrian activities.
Good horsemanships are skills.
Every good host knows the importance of serving a fashionable drink in a fashionable glass.
Good hotels are available for transients at affordable rates.
Good hotels can help with information about reliable taxis and drivers.
Many good hotels offer business centres.
Many good hotels offer voice mail to their guests.
Most good hotels have facilities and the main post office in Amman also provides a fax service.
Good household cleaning with a household disinfectant is adequate.
Good housing can provide people a sense of security, a life enhancing environment.
Good housing is a right being denied to too many of our neighbours.
Good housing is affordable and kind to the environment.
Good housing is equally important.
Good housing is important.
Good housing is relatively easy to find in Rochester and is moderately priced.
Good huaraches are sown with sturdy thread, else they begin coming apart very soon.
Good hugs are therapeutic.
Good humidity is an asset for producing good plants.
Good humor attracts attention, reduces tension, and promotes retention.
Good humor can diffuse stressful situations, encourage others and build positive relationships.
Good humor comes from the kitchen.
Good humor creates a sense of joy in being alive.
Good humor helps, too.
Good humor is a frame of mind, a healthy, wholesome, vibrant way of seeing things.
Good humor is a handmaid of optimism.
Good humor is a tonic for the mind and body.
Good humor is an ice breaker and an important asset to display.
Good humor is another cooperative social virtue.
Good humor is fully cognizant.
Good humor is important and educational in an essential way.
Good humor is like a cushion between hard surfaces.
Good humor is mood
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Good humor is tempers.
Good humor is the best business and social lubricant.
Good humor is the expression of the humility of hope.
Good humor is the leaven that leavens the whole lump.
Good humor is the next best thing to a good laugh.
Good humor is very inexpensive.
Good humor relieves stress, lowers blood pressure, and helps keep perspective on life.
Good humour conjures the best of any spell.
Good humour is mood
Good hunters insist on it.
Every good hunter knows the quarry well.
Good husbandry coupled with lots of research is the key really, as with all our beloved pets.
Good husbandry finds wife, children and household.
Good husbandry is one way to get a good report.
Good husbandry is then vital in maintaining the fish free of diseases.
Good husbandry minimizes variations that can modify an animal's response to experimentation.
Good hustle leads to good tempo.
Good hydration helps give skin a healthy look, cushions joints and helps prevent constipation.
Good hydration helps give skin a healthy look, cushions joints and prevent constipation.
Good hydration is also a key requiring at least ten glasses of water or clear herbal tea every day.
Good hydration is an important element in keeping a more active body healthy, cool, and comfortable.
Good hydration is important.
Good hydration is just as essential for strength training as it is for endurance training.
Good hydration is the most beneficial approach.
Good hydration is very important.
Good hydration keeps the skin more resilient and less easily burnt and traumatized.
Good hydration makes it easier to control blood glucose levels.
Good hygiene can also eliminate the problem.
Good hygiene can help prevent pinworm infections.
Good hygiene helps detect lice earlier and improves control.
Good hygiene helps prevent repeat infections.
Good hygiene includes a work area that can be wiped down with antiseptics.
Good hygiene is a good place to start.
Good hygiene is all that is required.
Good hygiene is also an important issure for practicing bodywork.
Good hygiene is also helpful.
Good hygiene is also important.
Good hygiene is always important.
Good hygiene is always in style.
Good hygiene is another important consideration.
Good hygiene is as important for the compost pile as it is for the garden.
Good hygiene is crucial to prevent infection for dogs, cats, and people.
Good hygiene is crucial to preventing anal itching.
Good hygiene is essential to avoid spreading or reinfestation.
Good hygiene is essential to prevent cross-infection.
Good hygiene is essential.
Good hygiene is extremely important.
Good hygiene is imperative.
Good hygiene is important in preventing the spread of infection.
Good hygiene is important in prevention of skin abscesses.
Good hygiene is important to prevent any disease, including influenza.
Good hygiene is key.
Good hygiene is necessary to prevent reinfection.
Good hygiene is vital when wanting to make a good impression.
Good hygiene protects it from harm, strengthens immune system, reduces physical ailments.
Good hygiene reduces the spread of infective agents.
Good hypertext is hard and very labor intensive.
Good hypertext supplies lots of information at the top of each item.
Good hypotheses stem from repeated, objective observations.
All good hypotheses start with a good question.
Good icon minimize effect.
Good idea gets better better G ood ideas tend to last.
Good idea is to ask the system administrator, or just do trial tests.
Good ideas abound.
Good ideas are a blessing.
Good ideas are a dime a dozen, and most schools are either all about theory or all about practice.
Good ideas are a dime a dozen.
Good ideas are almost impossible to present without good design.
Good ideas are always welcome.
Good ideas are always worth sharing.
Good ideas are common.
Good ideas are conceptual work.
Good ideas are easy to find.
Good ideas are easy.
Good ideas are elusive.
Good ideas are ethical and further progress toward the objective.
Good ideas are everywhere.
Good ideas are good ideas, regardless of their source.
Good ideas are hard to come by.
Good ideas are hard to find.
Good ideas are highly underrated.
Good ideas are ideas.
Good ideas are more important than titles in case team meetings.
Good ideas are much harder to come by.
Good ideas are nice, but they have little impact unless put into practice.
Good ideas are often within our reach.
Good ideas are out there.
Good ideas are pinecones, clean sticks, or a clean, thick dog bone.
Good ideas are small water troughs or basins, benches or perhaps a sundial.
Good ideas are solutions to known problems.
Good ideas are sometimes at the mercy of the profit margin.
Good ideas are timeless.
Good ideas are trade publications, journals, and business newspapers.
Good ideas are whole grain snacks, fresh fruit or decaffeinated tea.
Good ideas attract good money.
Good ideas beget good achievement - but great ideas beget great achievement.
Good ideas can be very valuable.
Good ideas can come from anywhere and everywhere.
Good ideas can come from anywhere.
Good ideas can come from many sources.
Good ideas can enrich humanity physically and spiritually.
Good ideas can go extinct and bad ideas can infect whole societies.
Good ideas can lead to huge increases in profits and saved time, money and effort.
Good ideas can stand up to opposition.
Good ideas clash with rigid mission architecture and fruity design work.
Good ideas come along without warning, and windows of opportunity close all too soon.
Good ideas come at any time.
Good ideas come from all over the organisation and are implemented.
Good ideas come from both sides, and then are embraced, extended, etc.
Good ideas come from many places.
Good ideas come from the tub.
Good ideas come in pairs, as historians of science have long noted.
Good ideas come when people with different perspectives work together on the same problem.
Good ideas do.
Good ideas flow.
Good ideas get cash to grow.
Good ideas get responses, others . . .
Good ideas go down the drain with insomnia.
Good ideas have a way of hanging around, of continually popping back up.
Good ideas have a way of resurfacing.
Good ideas have no place to go.
Good ideas have their own momentum.
Good ideas have to be borne out.
Good ideas have to be crammed down peoples' throats. . .
Good ideas make the challenge less stressful.
Good ideas reach fruition only through the support and action of others.
Good ideas reproduce like rabbits.
Good ideas require smart tools.
Good ideas result from uninhibited experimentation.
Good ideas rise to the top without help from the government.
Good ideas seem to spawn.
Good ideas serve as springboards to newer ideas.
Good ideas show possibility and stand up to strong criticism.
Good ideas start looking . . .
Good ideas take an organization far.
Good ideas take time to develop.
Good ideas take time, and deserve critical review.
Good ideas tend to win in the end.
Good ideas turn and change and flow.
Good ideas turn out to be bad ideas.
All good ideas are simple.
All good ideas are welcome .
All good ideas flow back to the customer.
All good ideas start from a dream, and dreams are the seeds of goals.
Any good ideas welcome.
Every good idea deserves to be ripped off.
Every good idea has to have a catalyst.
Every good idea has to have a start.
Every good idea needs a partner to see it through.
Every good idea needs a spark.
Many good ideas dissipate in the vaporescence of fleeting management support.
Many good ideas fail to see the light of day for lack of financial assistance.
Many good ideas start small anyway.
Many good ideas wither with no spotlight, no enthusiasm, no publicity.
Most good ideas are easy to understand.
Most good ideas are.
Most good ideas grow out of discussions with colleagues.
Some good ideas likes articles on safety when collecting.
Good illumination encourages productivity and concentration.
Good illumination results from the quality and quantity of the light.
Good illustrations accompany informative text about routine problems in library collections.
Good illustrations are also available.
Good illustrations are essential unless the paper solves purely nomenclatoric problems.
Good illustrations are extremely valuable and hard to come by.
Good illustrations are what really make sermons powerful for a lot of people.
Good illustrations save words and are often more easily understood than long descriptions.
Good images are harder to find than most people think.
Good images do inspire people to reach for the ultimate.
Good images take time to load.
Some good images enhance the text here.
Good imagery is expensive to create and maintain.
Good impact has the shoulders, arms and hands again forming our swing triangle.
Good implementation avoids negative consequences from the decision to make all types classes.
Good implementation begins with clear strategy.
Good implementation requires good communication.
Good impressions are the second step to divinity.
Good impressions can lead to further involvement working for the legislator during the year.
Good impressions can make more customers, and can keep customers loyal.
Good impulses are often of only short duration.
Every good impulse is countered with a corny one, and countered again by something inspired.
Good incomes require lots of work.
Good incubators understand the chain of events.
Good indexes provide multiple entries for every useful nugget of information.
Good indicators are words such as all, never, completely, definitely, always, etc.
Good indicators can be valid signs for sustainability or symptoms of distress.
Some good indicators are a range of mountain unicycles available.
Good induction pays for itself at all levels.
Good inferences tend to be universal rather than idiosyncratic.
Good infiltration is visibly apparent as uniformly darkened, water-soaked tissue.
Good infiltration reduces erosion and helps keep vital topsoil and organic matter in place.
Good info contains citations to original sources that are solid and reliable.
Good info includes a bibliography.
Any good info is much appreciated.
Good information ab out what is in the data and how to download it.
Good information avoids conflict.
Good information begins with good data.
Good information can come from a bad source.
Good information can do wonders if it is accessible and utilized properly.
Good information can help make smart discisions.
Good information can help, and the Web has lots of that.
Good information can lead to environmental gains, or cost reductions, or both.
Good information can lead to good success.
Good information can prevent delays and misunderstandings.
Good information can save a lot of time and money.
Good information comes from good data.
Good information comes from good information systems.
Good information comes from good research skills.
Good information drives good decisions.
Good information helps cut through the bureaucratic shuffle.
Good information helps to insure prompt service.
Good information includes locations, states where licensed, and reasonable background information.
Good information is a competitive weapon, but bad information can break a firm's back.
Good information is a critical step toward an environmentally sound automotive market.
Good information is a vital part of any successful business decision.
Good information is absolutely essential if good decisions are to be made.
Good information is also available for matching foods and wines.
Good information is at a premium in today's marketplace.
Good information is conveyed.
Good information is critical so that good decisions can be made.
Good information is critical to improving system performance.
Good information is crucial to the development of tourism.
Good information is delivered with respect and in a manner that girls can understand.
Good information is health power.
Good information is imparted.
Good information is important for people with chronic diseases as well as for their doctors.
Good information is interspersed unpredictably with poor information.
Good information is key to developing good customer relationships.
Good information IS necessary.
Good information is needed to develop accurate diagnoses and constructive prescription.
Good information is only effective in the right hands.
Good information is only good if people want to read it.
Good information is provided.
Good information is received at time of client transfer.
Good information is required in order to improve opportunities.
Good information is shown on listed attractions.
Good information is signal and the rest is noise.
Good information is so hard to find.
Good information is the basis of good planning .
Good information is the best medicine.
Good information is the core of successful risk management.
Good information is the mothers-milk of risk management.
Good information is the result of good planning.
Good information is useless if ignored or wrongly interpreted.
Good information is usually the difference between a successful idea and a mistake.
Good information maintains good resources.
Good information makes the most compelling story.
Good information means better business decisions.
Good information needs to be acquired at appropriate cost.
Good information says that it is frequently wet from irrigation.
Good information takes a lot of guess work out of decision making.
Some good information is available in magazines and other periodicals.
Some good information is here.
Some good information is lost in rambling discourses by the peer helpers.
Some good information is provided, as well as membership information.
Good infrastructure is a bread and butter issue, that all too often is taken for granted.
Good ingredients make good cooking better.
Good inquiry is based on exploration of materials, observation, collection of data, and reflection.
Good inspectors encourage their clients to participate in the inspection.
Good installations cost more money than bad installations.
Good institutions matter most.
Good instruction builds on students' prior knowledge and experiences.
Good instruction comes from good coaching.
Good instruction features a variety of activities and interactivities.
Good instruction is invaluable, and difficult to find.
Good instruction needs to be multi-modal and holistic in order to be remembered.
Good instruction prevents many learning problems and student failure.
Good instruction requires appropriate lighting in classrooms.
Good instruction requires hands-on investigations in which student inquiry is an important goal.
Good instructions equal effective exercises.
Good instructors are sensitive to nonverbal communication .
Good instructors can practically give a slam free guarantee.
Good instructors can use technology as another way of connecting to students.
Good instructors continue their own educations.
Good instructors make learning an enjoyable experience.
Good instructors summarize their key points.
Good instructors teach the game, but excellent instructors also instill a love for the game.
All good instructors know how to simplify and teach complex movement.
Every good instructor looks at the set up and goes from there.
Good instrumentation permeates Love Never Fails .
Good insulation is cost effective.
Good insulation is much more effective in keeping the attic cool.
Good insulation is the key to preventing ice damage.
Good insulation isolates electric signals keeping the signals from contaminating each other.
Good insulation results from the greater thickness of the wall.
Good insurance is available here.
Good integrators develop systems based on the best mix of technology.
Good intelligence can help put our military forces at their full potential.
Good intelligence enables prevention and improves response.
Good intelligence is the key to successful operations.
Good intelligence requires experimentation and risk taking.
Good intention fails to recognize the institutionalization of racialization in . . .
Good intentions are a miss.
Good intentions are admirable, but they are no substitute for real outcomes or runs on the board.
Good intentions are again behind a book.
Good intentions are fine, but good dinner reservations are crucial.
Good intentions are free.
Good intentions are great but results are top priority.
Good intentions are great.
Good intentions are irrelevant.
Good intentions are just that, if the forces of darkness still reign supreme in the heart.
Good intentions are laudable, but they are no substitute for getting the job done.
Good intentions are more important than results, and form trumps substance.
Good intentions are never enough.
Good intentions are no excuse for bad actions.
Good intentions are no excuse.
Good intentions are no substitute for craftsmanship.
Good intentions are no substitute for knowing how a bill becomes a law.
Good intentions are no substitute for sound economic theory.
Good intentions are often a front for really bad ideas.
Good intentions are one thing, professional preparation quite another.
Good intentions are plentiful, but the operative word has to be reality.
Good intentions are useless when tied to inept behavior.
Good intentions are very nice but unless acted upon they are worthless.
Good intentions are wonderful.
Good intentions based on the wrong information can put people at risk.
Good intentions begin with a thought and end with an action.
Good intentions can be evil, Both hands can be full of grease.
Good intentions can fade fast when it comes to bill-paying time.
Good intentions can lead to judicial and regulatory tyranny.
Good intentions don t always make good public policy.
Good intentions done for the wrong reason always end up being corrupted and polluted.
Good intentions go seriously awry at several levels here.
Good intentions have to be translated into action on the ground, now.
Good intentions make great campaign promises.
Good intentions mean naught.
Good intentions mean nothing.
All good intentions are negated by loss of international goodwill.
Good internships are a good stepping stone to a good job.
Many good internships lead directly to jobs.
Good interpretation is a bridge leading people into new and fascinating worlds.
Good interpretation is fun.
Good interpretation is shown by movements, which reflect the spirit and mood of the music.
Good interpretation lets a word or phrase mean whatever the immediate context demands.
Good interpreters know when to give an answer and when to ask a question.
Good interviews require some attention.
Good interviewers avoid hiring bad employees.
Good interviewers expect people to know which side of the desk they are sitting on.
Good interviewers leap off from the resume, rather than drowning in it.
Good intonation is dependent on the singer's level of aural perception.
Good intonation is one of the important keys to a good performance.
Good intro essays plus reprints of lots of letters.
Good introductions are particularly important in long reviews.
Good inverters are a lot cheaper than extra solar panels.
Every good investigation begins with what is known.
Good investigators are people who thrive on challenges and problems presented by their assignments.
Good investigators look for information in various places.
Good investment takes many forms.
Good investments allow distributions to participants.
Good investments are difficult to find.
Good investments bring good returns, even if takes a little time .
Good investments generate a lot of cash, while bad investments lose money.
Good investments generate benefits into the future.
Good investors have common characteristics.
Good investors save and invest under all market conditions.
Good investors write down their reasons for buying a fund.
Good island rhythms, and a sweet jazzy mood throughout.
Good item writing speaks to the important issue of measurement validity.
Good items are the key to a good examination, and good multiple choice items are hard to write.
Some good items are cotton balls, sand paper, a rubber ball, and a feather.
Some good java applets to demonstrate electric fields, etc.
Good jazz contributes to the history and teaches in the modern day.
Good jazz is usually on tap, whether recorded or live.
Good jeans are almost as hard to find as good men, and they usually cost more.
Good jewelry looks beautiful in any light.
Good job is said a lot around here, and it is meant.
Good job keep it up.
Good job keep up the good work.
Good job keep up the hard work.
Good jobs are a result of hard work, persistence, and planning.
Good jobs are close in the Sacramento area with little commute congestion yet.
Good jobs are expensive to come by.
Good jobs are far more likely to be eliminated than bad jobs.
Good jobs are important to people in every state.
Good jobs are more of a concern among renters and the youngest age group.
Good jobs are out there, better jobs are right here.
Good jobs are the key to economic security.
Good jobs are the lifeblood of our community.
Good jobs building cheaper, better, power plants are the good news.
Good jobs can provide the income and benefits that support good health and access to health care.
Good jobs depend on a highly trained and educated workforce.
Good jobs depend upon good schools and knowledgeability remains a mark of culture.
Good jobs end, but good companies create more good jobs for good employees.
Good jobs go to good employees.
Good jobs keep people from moving to other states for employment.
Good jobs seem further away than ever, as educational requirements rise.
Many good jobs are outside the central cities.
Good jokes can be hard to come by.
Good jokes do that.
Good jokes have multiple meanings.
Good journals have three major components.
Good journalism cares about people.
Good journalism equals good ratings in local news.
Good journalism has a beginning, a middle and an end.
Good journalism is alive and well on the Web.
Good journalism is all about exploding myths and telling the real story.
Good journalism is as relevant in a multicultural society as it is in a culturally homogeneous one.
Good journalism is bad business and bad journalism is, regrettably, at times good business.
Good journalism is never easy.
Good journalism needs research and reflection.
Good journalism requires a degree of courage in today's climate.
Good journalism requires good research.
Good journalism requires no less.
Most good journalism is narrative.
Good journalists appreciate feed-back.
Good journalists tell who, what, where, when, why and how in their articles.
Good journalists write about human events.
All good journalists are curious about the world and follow news avidly.
All good journalists do so.
All good journalists have a huge file of rejections letters.
Good judges can have different opinions in very close rounds.
Good judges strive to make the Science Fair a valuable experience for the students.
Good judgement comes from bad experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgement.
Good judgement comes from experience - experience comes from bad judgement.
Good judgement comes from experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgement.
Good judgement comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgement.
Good judgement comes from experience and experience comes from poor judgement.
Good judgement comes from experience and having good information.
Good judgement comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgement.
Good judgement comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.
Good judgement comes from experience.
Good judgement comes into it, good horsemanship, good fortune.
Good judgement comes with experience.
Good judgement is always important whenever threatening weather is present.
Good judgement is beyond value.
Good judgement is critical.
Good judgement is essential in protecting themselves as well as patients from unwanted radiation.
Good judgement is needed in selecting the appropriate collecting tool.
Good judgement is required.
Good judgement is sometimes the result of lessons learned from using bad judgement.
Good judgement is the most critical skill in motorcycle riding.
Good judgement is the result of experience.
Good judgement is urged in the use of acrylic sheet.
Good judgment can be the lifesaving edge in the midst of an unforeseen situation.
Good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from bad experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from bad experience, and a lot of that comes of bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from bad experience, and bad experience generally comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgement.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lotta that comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience, and alot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from poor judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience, and most experience comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience, and often experience comes from bad judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience, experience comes from poor judgment.
Good judgment comes from experience.
Good judgment is also critical to good leadership.
Good judgment is also critical to leadership.
Good judgment is an intangible component of flying which enhances safety.
Good judgment is called for.
Good judgment is critical.
Good judgment is demonstrated in resolving problems.
Good judgment is developed over time and is often developed in the wake of bad judgment.
Good judgment is everything.
Good judgment is important when making quick decisions.
Good judgment is key.
Good judgment is necessary for the high decision making requirements of the position.
Good judgment is necessary when applying information.
Good judgment is one thing.
Good judgment is the cornerstone of any safety program.
Good judgment is the most important element in reaching a fair and reasonable decision.
Good judgment is the result of experience.
Good judgment is the right judgment of an equitable man.
Good judgment is usually the result of experience.
Good judgment means having both foresight and hindsight.
Good judgment requires a broad picture.
Good judgment requires deep listening.
Good judgment requires that one find the mean between extremes.
Good judgments keep everything going.
Good justice involves dealing with the people who are alive, now.
Good karma abounds.
Good karma produces an enjoyable next life, while bad karma means more pain.
Good karma produces punna, merit, and bad karma produces apunna, demerits or sins.
Good kicks are good.
Good kids are like sunsets.
Good kids attract other good kids.
Good kids bike.
Good kids come through.
Good kids deserve a chance to try great ice cream and frozen yogurt.
Good kids have a good influence on bad kids.
Good kids have good training.
Good kids make parents happy.
Good kids work to get better and tend to stick around to do so.
Any good kitchen is only as good as the staff.
Good knives are a fine place to begin.
Good knives are gold in the kitchen.
Good knives are never cheap.
Good knives cost more than bad ones do, and sometimes it's tough to spend that extra money.
Good knives make chopping less of a chore.
Some good knives have handles made of molded plastics.
Good knowledge is needed of working around neutron facilities.
Good knowledge leads to good decisions.
Good labs create their own competition and clever laboratories charge for it.
Good labels are essential for ideal dispenser performance.
Good labels are essential.
Good labels are undoubtedly an excellent thing.
Every good laboratory has some broken test tubes, and every hit has a flip side.
Good land is put out of bounds.
Good landings come only from stabilized approaches.
Any good landscape starts with proper planning and design.
Good landscaping can create a sense of privacy or a feeling of being somewhere special.
Good landscaping is a major investment in time and money.
Good landscaping makes walking a pleasure.
Good language constitutes what can easily be defended in court.
Good languages are in harmony with geography, climate, and culture.
Good languages provide many ways to reduce synthetic code.
All good laptops are expensive.
Good law promotes clarity and certainty.
Good laws are better than bad laws.
Good laws are no guarantee of justice, of course.
Good laws evolve through frank and open discussion, lively give and take and thorough public debate.
Good laws have a factual foundation and they are supported by an honest consensus.
Good laws make good neighbors and good fences.
Good laws make it easier to do right and harder to do wrong.
Good laws prohibit what is experienced to be evil.
Good laws require people skilled in the drafting of legislation.
Every good law is for man s protection and happiness.
Good lawmakers make good judges .
Most good lawmakers lament the state's habit of legislating by anecdote.
Good lawyers achieve competence through practice, critique and self-assessment.
Good lawyers are able to be empathetic from a distance.
Good lawyers are expensive.
Good lawyers are good at legal reasoning.
Good lawyers are hard to find, but it can be even harder for good lawyers to find a place to excel.
Good lawyers can come up with good arguments.
Good lawyers communicate with each client, particularly personal injury clients, frequently.
Good lawyers do it all the time.
Good lawyers get killers off and they do every dirty trick in the book to do it.
Good lawyers learn from each other and know when to call for help.
Good lawyers matter more.
Good lawyers recognize other good lawyers.
Good lawyers use rhetorically loaded words for particular purposes.
Good lawyers win for their clients.
All good lawyers know why.
Some good lawyers have no charm, and vice versa.
Good layout adds mojo.
Good layout helps the reader.
Good layout is important, with a clear passage to the escape route for all occupants.
Good layout offers plenty of tests.
Good leads are people who become loyal customers that purchase products over and over again.
Good leads can also, in a few words, put a large issue in perspective.
Good leads can turn up anywhere.
Good leads make the reader want to read more.
Good leader gives periodic report backs on progress, challenges and setbacks.
Good leaders anticipate and plan for the needs of the future.
Good leaders are able to change positions when faced with new evidence.
Good leaders are also good listeners.
Good leaders are change agents, persons who set high standards and establish challenging goals.
Good leaders are committed to the growth of others.
Good leaders are continual learners.
Good leaders are designers.
Good leaders are diplomats.
Good leaders are easy to spot because they make an impact and are vital assets in any environment.
Good leaders are good followers.
Good leaders are good with people.
Good leaders are learners.
Good leaders are lustful leaders.
Good leaders are often incompetent.
Good leaders are politically savvy.
Good leaders can be both male and female.
Good leaders can often manage and good managers can often lead.
Good leaders can spot issues before they come to the surface.
Good leaders challenge themselves, convention, and their followers.
Good leaders communicate a clear vision and articulate a precise direction.
Good Leaders create an atmosphere of productivity.
Good leaders delegate and empower others liberally, but they pay attention to details every day.
Good leaders delegate and empower others liberally, but they pay attention to details, every day.
Good leaders delegate and empower others, but they still pay attention to the fine points.
Good leaders demand much of themselves and their subordinates.
Good leaders do a number of things.
Good leaders do all they can to drive out fear.
Good leaders do everything they can to drive out fear.
Good leaders emphasize trust and make realistic efforts to work with employees to create it.
Good leaders exude limitless confidence.
Good leaders find a balance between praise and complaint.
Good leaders give people permission to make mistakes.
Good leaders go out in front of their following.
Good leaders have a clear vision of what they hope to achieve and where they want to go.
Good leaders have a positive attitude toward group members.
Good leaders have big ideas and dare others to be great.
Good leaders have both wisdom and common sense, and they are viewed as trustworthy and reliable.
Good leaders have courage and they have compassion.
Good leaders have the ability to consider the welfare of the entire group.
Good leaders have three common traits.
Good leaders have to inspire others.
Good leaders hip shows flexibility and change from one activity or situation to another.
Good leaders improve their people's ability to produce, resulting in an empowered, happy work force.
Good leaders know how to analyze the risks inherent in a particular course of action.
Good leaders know how to set things in motion and are committed to making their vision a reality.
Good leaders know how to spark the imagination and drive in the young people they work with.
Good leaders know their business, know their people, and are willing to seek challenges.
Good leaders know their reputations are based on how they behave toward others.
Good leaders know there is a time to learn and plan, and a time to lead.
Good leaders know when it is right to be certain about key issues.
Good leaders know when to be quiet and listen to the men and women they serve.
Good leaders know when to follow.
Good leaders know when to hold and when to fold.
Good leaders lead and good followers follow and good followers know they are good by themselves.
Good leaders lead by example and they encourage others to get their jobs done without being bossy.
Good leaders lead from the inside out.
Good leaders look at issues with vision and demand all the facts.
Good leaders make Biblically sound laws which then cause a nation to be successful.
Good leaders make it clear that there is no excuse for poor behavior.
Good leaders make time for what is important.
Good leaders motivate and generate commitment and productivity.
Good leaders persuade with hooks.
Good leaders plan ahead and reduce risk to their members and guests.
Good leaders produce good leaders.
Good leaders protect staffs when fire is undeserved.
Good leaders provide performance feedback, inspire and encourage and, when necessary, counsel.
Good leaders recognize the importance of preparation.
Good leaders respect the individual.
Good leaders score high in the emotional intelligence category.
Good leaders see to it that all group members are involved in the group s work.
Good leaders see to it that the work gets started and completed.
Good leaders seek out and create as many win-win relationships as possible.
Good leaders sell their associates on action and never forget The Golden Rule, it always applies.
Good leaders share what they know with others.
Good leaders stack the deck in their favor right in the recruitment phase.
Good leaders stay in touch with their inner child.
Good leaders strive to leave an organization better than they found it.
Good leaders take responsibility for their lack of leadership.
Good leaders teach, preach, and demand mutual supportiveness.
Good leaders tend to be driven by a set of fundamental, undeniable principles.
Good leaders understand that good ethics is good business.
Good leaders understand that people absolutely can be and are motivated by fear.
Good leaders understand that personal contribution and personal success are good.
Good leaders understand the importance of people in an organization.
Good leaders understand their competitive position in the market.
Good leaders use their time efficiently and effectively.
All good leaders have the ability to communicate their goals.
Every good leader needs a plan to follow.
Most good leaders have certain characteristics in common.
Good leadership begins with good listening.
Good leadership can really only succeed with the support of local residents.
Good leadership can transform static countries or organizations into dynamic ones.
Good leadership consists of good judgment and organization.
Good leadership enables people to work together well, and realise their potential.
Good leadership encourages everyone s evolution.
Good leadership encourages everyone's evolution.
Good leadership enhances followers just as good followership enhances leaders.
Good leadership finds ways to make parents feel safe, valued, and wanted.
Good leadership helps.
Good leadership implies a commitment to participation.
Good leadership is acquired only through practice.
Good leadership is also important for all organizations in the beef industry.
Good leadership is capable of bringing foresight and knowledge through experience to the table.
Good leadership is essential for survival.
Good leadership is found in a path together with others.
Good leadership is no longer enough-excellent leadership is required.
Good leadership is really the key to keeping the employees.
Good leadership is the key to sustained unit performance.
Good leadership is the most important thing to keep an editing group going.
Good leadership is vital to effectively executing a strategic nonviolence campaign.
Good leadership means among other things creative planning.
Good leadership means good organization and proper delegation of responsibilities.
Good leadership motivates people by example and involvement.
Good leadership prepares itself well.
Good leadership provides inspiration and direction.
Good leadership requires a capacity for rendering moral discrimination.
Good leadership requires a capacity to inform and explain.
Good leadership requires a strong personal moral code.
Good leadership requires commitment in every sense of the word.
Good learners are capable of processing information presented either visually or verbally.
Good learners have an array of learning strategies they can use.
Good learners identify the most appropriate sense for specific material that has to be learned.
Good leather feels good.
Good leather is a great investment.
Good leather is colorful.
Good leather is comfortable.
Good leather is kid proof.
Good leather is stylish.
Good leather smells good.
Good leather wears well.
Good leathers are as important on the street as they are at the track.
Good leathers are breathable, soft and absorbent.
Good legislation is an important prerequisite for a healthy, green and sustainable environment.
Good legislation is simple.
Good legislation matches law with reality.
Good lenses are expensive - sometimes comprising almost the total cost of a piece of equipment.
Good lenses have an anti-reflecting film.
Good lenses cost a lot of money.
Good lessons involve the use of a well-timed, relevant hook.
Good letters are hard work.
Good letters can be a great encouragement to staff working in taxing circumstances.
Good letters can make, and bad letters can break, many law school applications.
Good letters have a strong sense of purpose.
Good letters inform, entertain, and sometimes discomfit or even sadden.
Good liars are interesting.
Good liars make safe travelers.
Good liars speak untruths and deceive.
Good liars stick close to the truth, live close to the truth.
Every good liar knows the secret to a good lie is to include as much of the truth as possible.
Good liberals steal it.
Good librarians find ways to make their libraries the seed that grows a community around it.
Good librarians know that learning never stops.
All good librarians know that information is only as valuable as it is usable by people.
Good libraries empower.
Many good libraries have copies of The Electronic Commerce Dictionary in their collection.
Good lies are abundant and evident.
Good lies are hard to find.
Any good lie takes a portion of the truth and twists and distorts it.
Every good lie is the stronger for a grain of truth.
Good life begins with good health.
Good life get from good products and property is also from good products.
Good light begins again a couple of hours before sunset.
Good light extends blooms.
Good light is a major determinate to a great photo.
Good light is essential for good photography.
Good light is essential, a headlamp works well, sunlight is ok if done quickly.
Good light is necessary for good flower production.
Good lights head the list of equipment that encourages concentration.
Good lighting can be a help, poor lighting always compromises safety.
Good lighting can bring a deaf person through.
Good lighting can contribute to a feeling of spaciousness.
Good lighting can help avoid eye fatigue and shadows that hamper work.
Good lighting can make the simplest models and most primitive engine look great.
Good lighting can reduce the chance of falling.
Good lighting decreases the chance of falls.
Good lighting gives depth and roundness to the subject.
Good lighting has the ability to deter crime and vandalism, and gives visitors a welcoming ambiance.
Good lighting helps build that kind of memorable atmosphere.
Good lighting helps people see steps down, rugs or other obstacles.
Good lighting helps the eyes work easily.
Good lighting helps to create library space that is conducive to the study of law.
Good lighting helps to prevent trips, slips, and injuries.
Good lighting helps.
Good lighting improves fireground safety.
Good lighting is a crime deterrent.
Good lighting is a definite plus.
Good lighting is a deterrent to crime.
Good lighting is a necessity.
Good lighting is also essential to help anyone who lip reads.
Good lighting is also very important.
Good lighting is an effective crime prevention measure.
Good lighting is cheap insurance for safety in all traffic areas, especially stairs.
Good lighting is critical in a fast car.
Good lighting is crucial for safety.
Good lighting is essential .
Good lighting is essential for an accurate assessment.
Good lighting is essential for carnivorous plants.
Good lighting is essential for good photographs.
Good lighting is essential for the close work often encountered in workshops.
Good lighting is essential.
Good lighting is everything.
Good lighting is important in a home.
Good lighting is important physiologically and psychologically.
Good lighting is important when trying to locate the nits.
Good lighting is important, preferably from both above and the side.
Good lighting is important.
Good lighting is shielded, low wattage, and points downward.
Good lighting is the key to a good presentation.
Good lighting makes any environment work.
Good lighting makes any facility more attractive, enhances merchandise and can improve productivity.
Good lighting protects properties, improves personal safety and traffic safety.
Good lighting provides a compensatory remedy.
Good lighting Reading with a good light helps.
Good lighting requires equal attention to the quantity and quality of the lighting.
Good lighting shows up flaws in shoddy painting.
Good limestone is found in almost every locality.
Good limits are reasonable and enforceable.
Many good lines are possible, but the best is the rib direct.
Good linearity is achieved in the design of the frequency block up- and downconverters.
Good links are hard to find.
Good links follow.
Good links get to be permanent links .
Good links list, too.
Good links list.
Many good links are available.
Good listeners are a prize, and make great friends.
Good Listeners Are Always Rewarded.
Good listeners are excellent guests, as long as they can respond.
Good listeners are interested and attentive.
Good listeners are just as important as good staticians .
Good listeners attract others because they focus on the speaker completely.
Good listeners become more aware of what the other person says next, as it's likely to be important.
Good listeners can break through tonality and get to the message being sent by the prospect.
Good listeners do very well in the classroom.
Good listeners encourage great storytelling.
Good listeners find out more about themselves and others.
Good listeners focus on central ideas.
Good listeners give nonverbal and verbal signs that they are listening.
Good listeners have a way of making everyone feel like a friend.
Good listeners have an open mind and they respect differences of opinion.
Good listeners learn more efficiently.
Good listeners let the speaker control the direction of the conversation.
Good listeners listen for opinion, emotion and distortion as well.
Good listeners listen for opinion, emotion, and distortion as well.
Good listeners show an interest in what the other person is saying.
Good listeners take notes.
Good listeners understand reflective conversation, a technique that encourages mirroring.
Good listeners weigh the validity of the other person's position.
All good listeners welcome.
Good literati is the essence of simplicity.
Good literature can disturb as well as enlighten and please.
Good literature can help buttress the values of the home, school, community, or a culture's ethos .
Good literature is about Love and War.
Good literature is an essential part of any effective writing program.
Good literature is good literature regardless of what language it is written in.
Good literature is like that.
Good literature is universal.
Good literature offers readers many opportunities to think and reflect.
All good literature uses the full scope of communicative language including the Bible.
Good litigators are lateral thinkers with strong technical abilities.
Good litigators make court, arbitration and mediation procedures work for their clients.
Good litters are shredded or pelleted aspen or recycled paper products.
Good liturgy is a window to the holy.
Good living contains a food safety section.
Good lizards can stick to the board, so be careful.
Good lobbyists study the law, and the political climate, and note legislative trends.
Good location can minimize vandalism and reduce theft of frames, wheels, seats and other components.
Good location enables to reach the city centre and the main railway station on foot.
Good location is another key attribute.
Good locations are basements, utility rooms and garages.
Good locations are dance studios, massage parlors and hotels.
Good locations are finance companies, banks and real estate.
Good locations are in a garden, park, playground or theme parks.
Good locations are plentiful, and the weather, of course, is beautiful all year round.
Good locations come at a premium, because they deliver a premium.
Good locations have continuity of land use.
Good locations increase the success of the company.
Good locations rent faster and get better rents.
Good lodging is subjective, but most travel books lack sufficient details.
Good logs are too rare to ignore.
Good logos are elegantly simple and yet clear in their message.
Good logos have many of the same characteristics as good graphics.
Good looks are fine.
Good looks are important.
Good looks are never enough.
Good looks are no longer enough to entice a man across the dance floor.
Good looks are often helpful in receiving more attention as well.
Good losers are winners for a variety of reasons.
Good losers earn more respect than bad winners.
Good losers get into the habit of losing.
Good love abounds.
Good love is hard to find.
Good lovers are easier to find than good marriages.
Good lovers are good communicators.
Good lubrication helps to prolong chain life and maintain tension adjustment.
Good luck can make an animal with average genes look a better breeding prospect than it really is.
Good luck Check back from time to time to find out what has been added.
Good luck come the holidays.
Good luck comes from solid preparation and identifying opportunities.
Good luck feels like a wage paid rather than a gift given.
Good luck finding detailed descriptions of the aforementioned trails, they are local's secret.
Good luck finding it, have fun.
Good luck flees before procrastination.
Good luck getting in on a weekend - the line is always long.
Good luck getting ready and afterwards, have a great summer.
Good luck give it a week or so.
Good luck goes out to activist in the rest of the states.
Good luck goes out to all the competitors.
Good luck have fun.
Good luck is a factor, but so is strong character.
Good luck is a lazy mans excuse for a workers success.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
Good luck is believed to visit the village of the winning team all year round.
Good luck is just as damaging as bad luck.
Good luck is just good luck.
Good luck is luck
Good luck is luck.
Good luck is manufactured through planning and effort.
Good luck is needed here.
Good luck is needed, also.
Good luck is promised to anyone who bites into a coin or almond.
Good luck is said to consist of preparation and opportunity.
Good luck is television shows.
Good luck is vital.
Good luck is what is leftover after intelligence and efforts have combined at their best.
Good luck keep on writing.
GOOD LUCK Keep up the hard work ladies.
Good luck looks like fun.
Good luck needs no explanation.
Good luck reading everything else it says.
Good luck see ya all next month.
Good luck seeks the one who prepares for it.
Good luck trying, say privacy experts, analysts and investors.
Good luck waits to come to that man who accepts opportunity.
Much good luck is indicated.
Some good luck helps, but also, very little was left to chance.
Good lug soled boots can ensure safe footing.
Good lung is affected by mediastinal shift.
Every good luthier knows with which construction and material a certain sound is obtained.
All good mackerel come ashore to find a fish upon a plate.
Good magazines are exercises in serendipity.
Good magic is anything that protects, heals, resurrects, etc.
Good magicians are good tricksters and good tricksters can fool the wisest of men.
Good magicians can improvise.
Good maintenance begins and ends with a seamanlike attitude.
Good maintenance can override the disadvantages of some bedding materials.
Good maintenance is basic common sense.
Good maintenance is generally the key to good indoor air quality over the long run.
Good maintenance is important for proper operation of room and central air conditioners.
Good maintenance is important to keep old lead-based paint intact.
Good maintenance is required to assure continued safety of an electrical system.
Good maintenance is the result of care, passion and time, coupled with specific technical knowledge.
Good maintenance means changing the oil and filter regularly.
Good maintenance promotes growth and prevents competition from weeds and grasses.
Good maintenance requires constant effort.
Good maintenance saves money over the long run.
Good maintenance saves money.
Good man feels like a failure, despairs of life.
Good man takes in nothing, yet becomes a drunkard.
Good men are hard to find.
Good men are hard to get.
Good men are often the more dangerous because their influence in religious things is greater.
Good men can go bad when money is all that matters.
Good men can, and do, especially when they are jealous, paranoid, depressed, or drunk.
Good men come from many directions.
Good men come With an air to their partlies Of the first part.
Good men die as ordered, all mothers' sons in another life.
Good men die.
Good men differ on minor issues.
Good men do evil things out of pride, ignorance, patriotism, fear, or misunderstanding.
Good men extend their pity, even unto the most despicable animals.
Good men go until they think they are going to collapse.
Good men hate sin through their love of virtue.
Good men love leisure and praise beautiful things.
Good men obey the laws without reminder.
Good men seek opportunities to benefit others.
Good men speak well.
All good men are international.
All good men have hairy legs.
Any GOOD man can get work in the country.
Every good man hates evil and every pure man loathes anything unclean.
SOME GOOD men grow narrow as they reach the sky.
Some good men meet fate.
Good management agrees to support and enforce the dress code created by the committee of peers.
Good management based on good judgment is essential in caring for all animals.
Good management begins with insight and accurate information.
Good management begins with knowledge.
Good management benefits students with different learning needs.
Good management brings the two together.
Good management can also result in more uniformity.
Good management can eliminate some of it, but there's no way around it.
Good management can equal cost savings.
Good management can frequently ward off cannibalism.
Good management can help keep the fires burning for the vision like few other things can.
Good management can keep fish harvesting at sustainable levels.
Good management can keep staff motivated and ensure that the company keeps moving forward.
Good management can prevent most insect and disease problems.
Good management can prevent or minimize most of the problems that can lead to site abandonment.
Good management can reduce the risk of contaminating water supplies.
Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Good management equals good government.
Good management forecasts chaos and then educates and informs.
Good management has nothing to do with gender.
Good management has structure and follows it.
Good management improves work performance and the quality of people's working lives.
Good management increases opportunities for good art to develop and flurish.
Good management involves delegation.
Good management involves excellent skills in managing risk and planning either stability or growth.
Good management involves more than raising sheep, selling lambs and wool, and paying bills.
Good management is a necessary part of each and every type of institution.
Good management is a sub-set of good leadership.
Good management is a very important ingredient to be a successful company.
Good management is about bringing all seven areas together.
Good management is about making choices, making decisions.
Good management is as important to learning as textbooks and educational materials are.
Good management is at the heart of cost effective provision.
Good management is based on stable reporting relationships.
Good management is common sense.
Good management is critical to the successful operation of gravity-flow channels under slats.
Good management is crucial to controlling odors.
Good management is displayed in quiet competence, in the anticipation and preemption of crisis.
Good management is essential for a community network to survive.
Good management is essential to organizational development and sustainability.
Good management is essential to prevent insect pests from destroying turf, too.
Good management is good management.
Good management is great at incremental change.
Good management is highly dependent upon good information.
Good management is holistic.
Good management is important here.
Good management is important in determining a horse's lifespan.
Good management is key .
Good management is manifested in quiet competence, in the anticipation and preemption of crisis.
Good management is necessary for the success of any company or organization.
Good management is necessary to control costs and monitor finances.
Good management is now an essential component of any enterprise network.
Good management is part of the explanation.
Good management is practiced by supervisors in many organizations.
Good management is required to maximize effectiveness.
Good management is rewarded.
Good management is that which leads to the desired behavior by organizational members.
Good management is the key component of a herd health program for both cattle and elk.
Good management is the key to a successful organization.
Good management is the key to making good beef.
Good management is the key to protecting environmental quality.
Good management is the key to whether an owner's rental plan is successful.
Good management is the key word.
Good management is the key.
Good management is the only tool for preservation of our environment.
Good management is the synthesis of everyone's ideas.
Good management is vital to a successful organization.
Good management is vital to performance.
Good management is vital.
Good management is what works.
Good management means a good salary.
Good management means having accurate information on which to base decisions.
Good management plays a key role in maintaining proper hoof health.
Good management provides personal attention to guests.
Good management relates to the structure within the club or organisation and how it is managed.
Good management requires commitment and training.
Good management requires effective planning.
Good management requires no secrets.
Good management requires the maintenance of sound internal controls.
Good management starts with good planning .
Good management starts with good planning.
Good management ties all sections of a farm business together.
Good management ties all sections of the small business together.
Good management understands that people are vital to a company's success.
Good management utilizes such models extensively, when suitable ones exist.
All good management is the expression of one great idea.
Good manager can make decisions, even though one has far too little information.
Good managers act as a buffer for distractions.
Good managers are able to schedule jobs and responsibilities that increase profit and reduce waste.
Good managers are difficult to find throughout.
Good managers are good coaches.
Good managers are good thinkers.
Good managers are honest, fair and caring with all employees.
Good managers are polychronic - able to work on many different activities at the same time.
Good managers are students of animal behaviour.
Good managers are willing to learn and apply their learning.
Good managers ask their employees about their negative feelings.
Good managers assume the best of their people.
Good managers attempt to help employees overcome their weaknesses.
Good managers balance a good sense of humor with the ability to apply stern, firm direction.
Good managers buy prudently.
Good managers can achieve large improvements in the environment at little cost.
Good managers can practice continuous cropping in areas with even less precipitation.
Good managers do all of that plus ask about behavior that indicates ability to do the job well.
Good managers do the same.
Good managers do what they say they are going to do.
Good managers find projects that create value and avoid projects that destroy it.
Good managers find ways to attract and keep good tenants.
Good managers know how to communicate effectively.
Good managers know how to manage change and projects.
Good managers know how to motivate and challenge good employees.
Good managers know that involving workers means better decisions.
Good managers know that turnover costs are high.
Good managers know when to delegate responsibility.
Good managers lead their team, and the team wants to follow.
Good managers look at change as healthy.
Good managers look for opportunities to stretch their better workers.
Good managers look for points of leverage.
Good managers make continued professional development part of employee reviews.
Good managers make good marketing opportunities.
Good managers make things happen.
Good managers manage, bad managers bully.
Good managers manage.
Good managers recognize and use conflict in the workplace to their advantage.
Good managers recognize new facts and arguments as they come to light, and adapt.
Good managers recognize that diversity has a direct impact on productivity and the bottom line.
Good managers see that a satisfying family life develops when each of the parts fits into the total.
Good managers show empathy and ask questions before they make a statement.
Good managers take nothing for granted.
Good managers watch over and evaluate their employees' progress.
Good managers wind up spending more time defining jobs than making sure the work gets done.
All good managers are leaders to various degrees.
All good managers realize that rumors and gossip among and about co-workers disrupt the workplace.
Every good manager does.
Most good managers are never too sure they have all the answers.
Good manners allow for good communication and also coincides with good discipline.
Good manners are a basic requirement in the cafeteria.
Good manners are a beautiful thing.
Good manners are a combination of common sense and consideration for others.
Good manners are a necessary equipment of both men and women.
Good manners are a virtue and greatly appreciated in whomever they are found.
Good manners are always in style.
Good manners are always the norm.
Good manners are an extremely important part of French culture and are rooted in long tradition.
Good manners are attractive.
Good manners are equally important for children and teens.
Good manners are essential for good ambassadors.
Good manners are essential.
Good manners are essentially to make no one feel excluded or inferior.
Good manners are far more effective.
Good manners are free, and they pay great dividends.
Good manners are free, but they are also priceless.
Good manners are good business.
Good manners are good manners.
Good manners are good morals.
Good manners are important and make meals more enjoyable.
Good manners are important in genealogy just as in other aspects of life.
Good manners are important.
Good manners are indeed the oil of social machinery.
Good manners are invaluable and have always been in style.
Good manners are like traffic rules for society.
Good manners are made up of petty sacrifices.
Good manners are morality.
Good manners are much more important than morality for such an aristocrat.
Good manners are never inappropriate.
Good manners are still in style.
Good manners are the key and usually a gracious acceptance is the proper action.
Good manners are the key to success on the telephone.
Good manners are timeless.
Good manners are very important to the English.
Good manners come with good education and knowledge.
Good manners consist in the art of never badly asking questions.
Good manners cost nothing but parental time.
Good manners count here.
Good manners do count.
Good manners do grease the skids of existence, but they can also confuse the issue.
Good manners equal good business.
Good manners express that respect.
Good manners give precedence to age.
Good manners go a long way to make a good impression.
Good manners go a long way towards friendly conversation.
Good manners go a long way.
Good manners have much to do with emotions.
Good manners is always a good idea.
Good manners is the art of making people feel comfortable.
Good manners loves kids and adults.
Good manners make good communications.
Good manners make good sense and good safety, too.
Good manners means good business.
Good manners require civilized language.
Good manners require the discipline of mature behavior.
Good manners show respect for other people.
Good manners show respect.
Good manners teach children to care about others.
Good manners work like a charm.
Good manuals instruct the player, enhance the gaming experience, and explain away problems.
Good manure comes from chickens, cows , horses , pigs , sheep and goats.
Good manure is made from animal dung and dead animals.
Good maps are also necessary.
Good maps are at the airport upon arrival.
Good maps are expensive, but a map each is a good investment.
Good maps facilitate exploration of unknown and potentially dangerous territory.
Good maps have many common elements .
Good maps mean good measurement of latitude and longitude.
Good maps omit most details and exaggerate the easiest and most common paths.
Good mares produce good foals.
Good margins start with good forage.
Good marks are the key to information.
Good market run down stuff and did get some ideas for stocks to research more.
Good marketers are naturally inquisitive, social and talkative speak up.
Good marketers know that there is no such thing as selling to the general public.
Every good marketer knows that marketing results require reinforcement and follow up.
Every good marketer knows to research.
Good marketing becomes good conversations with potential, current, and even past customers.
Good marketing begins with a clear message.
Good marketing begins with a target customer in mind.
Good marketing brings about good mission results.
Good marketing can make a small film into a huge success.
Good marketing can make all the difference on the Web.
Good marketing creates a positive attitude about the venture.
Good marketing creates awareness and value perception.
Good marketing involves everyone in the company who has contact with customers.
Good marketing involves taking advantage of good prices when they are offered.
Good marketing is based on good research.
Good marketing is expensive and very elusive.
Good marketing is good mission.
Good marketing is invisible.
Good marketing is no different.
Good marketing is what really makes a home sell.
Good marketing needs to take into account gender issues.
Good marketing opens the door that exposes real estate to the marketplace.
Good marketing opens the door that exposes the property to the marketplace.
Good marketing requires good planning.
Good marketing requires research, commitment, and the ability to be flexible as the market changes.
Good marketing starts with focus.
Good marksmanship requires continuous practise.
Good marriages are active marriages.
Good marriages are the ones where the couple knows how to hang out and play together.
Good marriages don t just happen.
Good marriages require a lot of hard work together before the wedding day and every day thereafter.
Good marriages seem to inoculate people to a wide assortment of disorders and diseases.
Good marriages take effort.
All good marriages take work.
Any good marriage is a partnership.
Every good marriage can be better than it is.
Every good marriage has the potential of becoming a nightmare.
Good massage requires concentration on the part of the therapist.
Good matches are hard to come by.
Good matches result in higher customer satisfaction.
Good matches strengthen our entire industry.
Good material attracts attention of execs, producers and stars.
Good material does exist, however, and is available to the patient researcher.
Good material entertains folks the first time they visit.
Good material is available to guide our learning about matters of life and death.
Good materials are nearly impossible to find in art supply stores.
Good materials can act as stand-alone resources or as part of a wider communication strategy.
Good materials make the effort easier.
Good math skills a necessity.
Good math skills helpful.
Many good math links plus a math teaching search engine.
Good mathematics teaching constantly reveals connections.
Good mathematicians solve problems quickly.
Good mathematicians understand trends and connections in their field.
Good maxims are the germs of all truth.
Good meals are available at the kitchen after the curlers come off the ice.
Good meals are located in dinner.
Good meals are located in restaurants.
Good meals are such a highlight of life on the road.
Any good meal deserves a fine wine.
Good measures are usually measures that are currently accepted and more feasible for immediate use.
Good meat has very little smell.
Good meat tastes good.
Good mechanics are necessary .
Good mechanics can help elevate a pitcher through the minor leagues and into the majors.
Most good mechanics invest a major amount of money in tools.
Good mechanism is that which provides the channels wherein such energy can flow unimpeded. . .
Good mediators are tenacious problem solvers who can bring opposing parties to a mutual decision.
Good mediators continue to keep trying to assist the disputants to reach a resolution.
Good mediators have a range of styles, just as good litigators do.
Good medicine is cost-effective medicine.
Good medicine is good medicine, but there is more than one way to skin a cat.
Good medicine keeps people alive.
Good medicine means being responsive to patient needs and concerns.
Good medicine provides healing when it is taken according to the directives of the physician.
Good medicine tastes bitter in the mouth.
Good meditations make the message of the Bible come alive.
All good media has a point of view.
Good meetings are an absolute necessity to good management.
Good meetings are interesting meeting that more neighbors attend.
Good meetings require good leaders and good participants.
Good memories are a strength in life.
Good memories are our second chance at happiness.
Good memories are some of life's most precious things.
Good memories build good marriages.
Good memories come from good times.
Good memories help provide a sense of well-being and validate one's life.
Good memories make great ideas.
Good memories mean references.
Good memories predominate.
Good memories remain.
Good memory is a little more expensive than generic memory, but it really is better.
Good memory Keep some reserves.
Good mentors are able to share life experiences and wisdom, as well as technical expertise.
Good mentors are able to share life experiences and wisdom.
Good mentors are accessible.
Good mentors are also good teachers.
Good mentors are few, mentors for journal writers are rare.
Good mentors ask many probing questions.
Good mentors ask many questions, both of themselves and of their prot g s.
Good mentors can help close gaps in teacher preparation.
Good mentors listen well and are confidence builders.
Good mentors loves the persons they mentor.
Good mentors recognize that different students have different needs and strengths.
Good mergers create new opportunities for consumers and entrepreneurs.
Good mergers offer new, innovative services to everyone at competitive prices.
Good messengers are hard to come by.
Good metabolism maintained by exercise can deflect the possibility of adult onset diabetes.
Good metadata can improve the efficiency of searching for something specific.
Good meters use 'O'-rings to seal the case and jacks.
Good methods are better than bad methods.
Good methodologies allow for flexibility.
Good metrics demonstrate the comparison between years, operating units, or alternatives.
Good microphones are expensive.
Good microphones can be the most expensive part of a sound system.
Good mikes take into account a normal level of background noise.
Good miles are rare.
Good milestones center around reaching agreements or completing tasks.
Good milk is that which is hygienically drawn from healthy animals.
Good millet is known at the harvest.
Good mind helps one to discriminate between good and bad.
Good mind leads to refined speech, which, in turn, turns into noble actions.
Good minds are a great threat to the best-laid plans of Marxist big brothers.
Good minds are exported, while the dimmest are nurtured locally.
Good minds discuss events.
Good minds have strong orenda.
Good minds run in the same ruts or something like that.
Any good ministry has drop-outs.
Good minutes are legal requirements and evidence of accomplishments.
Good mobility is an important factor with most of the work.
Good mobility is necessary.
Every good mod has to start somewhere.
Good models allow to make predictions as to future observations.
Good models are rich in detail.
Good models exist for the citizens of the District.
Good models follow good data.
Good models use a few simple concepts to account for a wide range of particular cases.
Many good models exist for short-term ministry.
Good moderators can earn signifitant amounts of money for their work.
Good moms are like that - they never, ever entirely let go.
Every good mom regards breakfast with seriousness.
Good moments go along with changes that come with the seasons too.
Good monastics are beautiful, which means that they embody goodness and truthfulness.
Good money drives out bad.
Good money is available for the right candidate.
Good money's on seeing more of such signs in the near future.
Good monitoring is important.
Good monitoring is necessary to ensure compliance.
Good monitoring is rare in health care, especially for services to low-income public clients.
Good monster sounds.
Good mood leads to positive judgments.
Good morals make great kids and gives young hearts an enthusiasm for the Bible.
Good morale equals good business.
Good morale is contagious.
A good morning is a farewell
A good morning is a greeting
Good morning is a contradiction in terms.
Good mornings are a great exercise to do with chains and bands.
Good mornings are farewells.
Good mornings are greeting.
Good mornings are important.
Good mornings are similar to straight leg dead lifts.
Good motels are plentiful.
Good mothers do that.
All good mothers act morally.
Every good mother does that.
Good motherhood is the basis of good childhood, to which every child has a natural right.
Good motivation is a sound basis for peace.
Good motivators appeal to employees' desires, rather than their fears.
Good motivators are good sales people.
Good moulding produces an even texture in the finished loaf.
Good mounts are hard to find.
Good mounts are heavy.
Good mounts flow like water.
Good mountain views from a large window in the master bedroom and from the screened porch.
Good mountains make good neighbors.
Good mouth feel.
Good moves comes from the actors.
Good movement is important in a hunter for three reasons.
Good movement stems from reading the game and watching the ball at all times.
Good movements can help overcome poor alignment.
Good movers are important.
Good movies abound.
Good movies are enjoyable in all sorts of unexpected ways.
Good movies are good movies, and they can play everywhere.
Good movies are more than just special effects and a couple of good one-liners.
Good movies are well written scripts first.
Good movies can cause such strange reactions.
Good movies can do both.
Good movies can win in the end.
Good movies do create lots of amateur critiques.
Good movies do fall through the cracks with a very frequent regularity.
Good movies evaporate, while the market is flooded with inanity .
Good movies get people to go to more movies.
Good movies give much.
Good movies have good sound.
Good movies have their own values.
Good movies make for fond memories.
Good movies take time.
Most good movies explore moral and social questions.
Good mudguards are essential in Scotland.
Good mulch has a clean smell like fresh-cut wood or soil.
Good mulch has the earthy smell of a good garden soil or freshly cut wood.
Good mulch smells like freshly cut wood or has the earthy smell of a good garden soil.
Good mulches are pine bark, compost, wood chips, straw, or shredded tires.
Good mulches are pine needles, pine bark and oak leaves.
Most good multivitamins contain the daily requirement.
Good Murder is a whole different ball game.
Good Murder means putting people out of their suffering, for their own good, and the good of all.
Good music brings people together.
Good music can heighten an experience as well as anything else.
Good music can restore a spiritual atmosphere.
Good music comes to be associated with the entire span of time during which it is played.
Good music draws an audience as does food.
Good music draws and attracts good musicians.
Good music exists by the grace of cunning and deception.
Good music has a positive impact.
Good music has no political favorite.
Good music has unity to satisfy a listener's ear and variety to maintain interest.
Good music is a powerful thing.
Good music is a precious treasure.
Good music is always worth listening to no matter what style it is.
Good music is definitely key.
Good music is easy to come by in Atlanta.
Good music is enjoyeable to the ear and adds another depth to the game.
Good music is few and far between.
Good music is full of surprises.
Good music is good music and great vibes are great vibes where ever they come from.
Good music is good music, independent or major.
Good music is good music, period.
Good music is good music, whatever category it falls into.
Good music is good music, whatever the genre.
Good music is good music.
Good music is good.
Good music is great in any tongue, schmaltz is schmaltz.
Good music is intentional.
Good music is made by musicians who love what they are doing.
Good music is made with good intentions.
Good music is no worse in mono.
Good music is positive.
Good music is timeless and when people are exposed, they become turned on.
Good music is very close to primative language.
Good music is very close to primitive language.
Good music leaves a lasting impression, long after the memory of a good meal has faded.
Good music requires a lot more bits to represent sound.
All good music grows, remembering but never, ever holding still.
All good music is good for a reason.
All good music is structured.
All good music resembles something.
Much good music is represented there, especially ecto stuff, of course.
Good musicians are professional, ask intelligent questions, and excel in their field.
Good musicians execute their music but bad ones murder it.
Good musicians get lots.
Many good musicians have very good intentions.
Some good musicians sit in on the session.
Good musicianship makes up for what they lack in organization.
Good mysteries can happen anywhere.
Good myths exert a powerful mental and emotional magnetism on the psyche.
Good names are crisp and concise.
Good names are few and far between and tough to come by.
Good names are hard to find and they are disappearing rapidly.
Good names are typically nouns.
Good names can be both the cornerstone of a new business as well as a wise investment in the future.
Many good names are still available.
A good nature is a disposition
Good nature persists through Color Games.
Good navigation allows the user to find what they are looking for quickly and easily.
Good navigation is critical.
Good navigation is essential.
Good navigation is important.
Good navigation is often much better for users than using a search mechanism.
Good navigation is the sign of a good web designer.
Good navigation is very important .
Good navigation makes it easy for users to find what they want.
Good navigation provides the user with appropriatly universal cues to the information.
Good navigation requires careful planning and a well-organized webmaster.
Good negotiation is cooperation.
Good negotiation takes a positive attitude and a little bit of acting.
Good negotiators can see things from the other side's perspective and acknowledge reasonable points.
Good negotiators do.
Good negotiators follow just a few rules, and they make lots of use of a magic word.
Good negotiators know the art of compromise.
Good negotiators know when their opponent is desperate for an agreement.
Good neighbors are a valuable asset in the prevention and elimination of disease problems.
Good neighbors are all ages and from all walks of life.
Good neighbors are better crime fighters than good police.
Good neighbors are cordial and cold, never hot or passionate.
Good neighbors are hard to find.
Good neighbors are the builders of community.
Good neighbors are there.
Good neighbors are usually unappreciated, but that doesn t mean that they re unnoticed.
Good neighbors can and do make a difference.
Good neighbors go beyond the call of duty.
Good neighbors look out for each other.
Good neighbors make a community.
Good neighbors make for good weight.
Good neighbors make good neighborhoods.
Good Neighbors Make Safe Neighborhoods.
Good neighbors mean a lot.
Good neighbors seem to be important since everyone lives so closely to one another.
Good neighbors tend to receive less visits from the police.
Good neighbors watch out for each other.
Good news affecting our personal lives is received and handled differently to bad news.
Good news are never true.
Good news arrives concerning a loan or any financial consideration.
Good news arrives that can spell plans for weddings, gatherings and holidays.
Good news begats more good news.
Good news boosts morale.
Good news brings almost no relief, while a heightened sense of guilt and shame hangs over life.
Good news can also be a crisis.
Good news can also be sensational and life altering.
Good news can arrive through another.
Good news carries a golden bough.
Good news comes early.
Good news comes from an unusual source.
Good news comes from the sample of area financial institutions.
Good news comes from unexpected places.
Good news comes in bunches.
Good news comes through the mail mid-month.
Good news continues to be shared globally.
Good news deserves a hearing.
Good news deserves to be spread.
Good news does exist.
Good news faces an uphill battle.
Good news is always easier to hear than bad news.
Good news is always nice.
Good news is always welcome.
Good news is as needed as doctrinal updates.
Good news is at hand though.
Good news is at hand, however.
Good news is awesome.
Good news is boring.
Good news is chat seems to be cross-platform and Japanese shows up somewhat.
Good news is emphasized and bad news is minimized.
Good news is ferries are now modern, safe and offer many amenities.
Good news is good news.
Good news is ignored.
Good news is infinitely more important than bad.
Good news is long in coming, but better late than never.
Good news is no news.
Good news is non existent in the workers compensation system.
Good news is now good news.
Good news is on the horizon, though.
Good news is on the horizon.
Good news is on the way.
Good news is parental influence.
Good news is proclaimed.
Good news is qualifications, job description and application instructions are all right here.
Good news is soft.
Good news is that both are cancer free.
Good news is that database problems have been fixed.
Good news is that dendrite growth continues well into our golden years.
Good news is that it is easier than ever to sign up.
Good news is that it lessens the risk of cardiovascular disease and bone loss.
Good news is that life gets easier.
Good news is that many new companies are being formed.
Good news is that none of the contents of the pages have been changed.
Good news is that the cancer is cured.
Good news is that there are many ways to do that without having a kid.
Good news is that there is a better mode today.
Good news is the word school and puppy training.
Good news is very welcome here.
Good news is whispered carefully.
Good news is, everything is now working well.
Good news is, many stores have it right.
Good news makes terrible press.
Good news refreshes the weary and rescues the lost.
Good news spreads like wild fire around here.
Good news spreads slowly, but it does spread.
Good news takes longer to make interesting.
Good news travels fast on the internet.
Good news travels fast on the Internet.
Good news travels fast, and invites imitation.
Good news travels fast, but bad news travels even faster.
Good news travels fast.
Good news travels the fastest among friends.
Good news wants and needs to be shared.
All good news come from patent version users.
More good news comes from the lending side.
More good news concerns the teen pregnancy rate among Colorado girls.
More good news is interior designers report that they are busy.
More good news is on the horizon for independent inventors and small businesses.
More good news is that another angling magazine has closed.
More good news is that limiting fertility is technologically feasible and cheap.
More good news is that many of the differences that do exist are systematic.
More good news is that the people responsible for the problems have been fired.
More good news is that there is crop insurance available for timber growers.
More good news is that they are all still there.
More good news is the improvement in economy.
More good news is the pericarditis is slowly improving.
More good news is the radio station.
Some good news is forthcoming and business affairs look rosy again.
Some good news is people are renewing their subscriptions.
Some good news is that most skin cancers are treatable when diagnosed early enough.
Some good news is that the original book has been completely revamped and is better than ever.
Every good newscast does that.
Good newsletters can be an important vehicle for communication.
Good newspapers are mirrors that reflect the pulse and image of the communities they serve.
Good newspapers explain the issues so that each story makes sense even to newcomers.
Good newspapers have a halo effect for advertisers.
Some good newspapers do a Web site one way, and some do it another.
Most good newsreaders support downloading files.
Good newsrooms treasure good writing.
A good night is a farewell
Good nights make up for the days when nothing seems to work at all.
Good note taking depends on good listening skills.
Good note taking generally requires that one balance listening with writing.
Good note taking in class is imperative for favorable test results.
Good note taking is essential.
Good note taking is imperative in order to score favorably.
Good notes allow follow up.
Good notes are detailed.
Good notes are essential for success in any technical field.
Good notes are essential in preparation for the examinations.
Good notes are important, so bring plenty of paper to class.
Good notes are important.
Good notes are one of the best ways for review.
Good notes are short.
Good notes are the best bases for review.
Good notes are very important and very helpful.
Good notes can make a huge difference.
Good nourishment is needed.
Good novels are well-written novels.
All good novels have a moral to relate and involve love and redemption.
Many good novels have a plot and one or more sub-plots.
Good nuggets can command a higher price because of their value as specimens.
Good numbers continue to be available scattered throughout the district.
Good nurse turns into glossy black bird.
Good nurses are a godsend.
Good nurses can only give good nursing care if there are societal supports for that nursing.
Every good nurseryman knows the plants.
Good nursing is an important part of any therapy.
Good nursing is necessary in typhoid fever.
Good nursing is needed until the cow is up.
Good nutrition aids adrenal function, and combats symptoms such as fatigue and depressed immunity.
Good nutrition allows the glands to meet their genetic potential.
Good nutrition benefits almost every aspect of our health, from birth to old age.
Good nutrition can also taste great.
Good nutrition can be a treatment for some diseases.
Good nutrition can be harder to come by and a good vitamin is protective for nutritional deficits.
Good nutrition can be the difference between good performances and great performances.
Good nutrition can cut down on illness and tooth decay.
Good nutrition can give residents more energy to enjoy an active and independent lifestyle.
Good nutrition can help keep the immune system functioning and able to fight off foreign invaders.
Good nutrition can help prevent some diseases.
Good nutrition can help prevent the occurrence of pressure sores.
Good nutrition can help the child fight lead.
Good nutrition can lessen the effects of aging and disease and improve the quality of life.
Good nutrition can prevent and treat coronary artery disease.
Good nutrition can prevent or minimize many health problems.
Good nutrition can protect against disease later in life.
Good nutrition can serve as the basis for a healthy pregnancy.
Good nutrition depends on a healthy mixture of proteins, carbohydrates, fats, vitamins and minerals.
Good nutrition enhances functions.
Good nutrition enhances performance.
Good nutrition enhances structure functions.
Good nutrition entering pregnancy is important for a healthy outcome.
Good nutrition equals vibrant health and clear, glowing skin.
Good nutrition feeds profits.
Good nutrition feeds successful learning.
Good nutrition forms the basis for a sound training program and good health.
Good nutrition gives energy.
Good nutrition goes a long way to fending off diseases, winter loss, and 'mysterious' dwindling.
Good nutrition goes up, up and away The holiday season means traveling.
Good nutrition has a profound impact on children's long-term survival, growth, and development.
Good nutrition has academic benefits.
Good nutrition helps a child learn, concentrate, and play and work with others.
Good nutrition helps a child's body fight off colds and diarrhea.
Good nutrition helps a child's cuts and scrapes heal.
Good nutrition helps a woman's body prepare for motherhood.
Good nutrition helps children.
Good nutrition helps ensure a healthy pregnancy and successful breast-feeding.
Good nutrition helps ensure a healthy pregnancy and successful breastfeeding.
Good nutrition helps fight any disease.
Good nutrition helps learning.
Good nutrition helps make that possible.
Good nutrition helps reduce low birth weight, miscarriage and anemia.
Good nutrition helps reverse degenerative diseases caused from eating too many animal products.
Good nutrition helps students learn.
Good nutrition helps the body fight infections.
Good nutrition improves health.
Good nutrition improves quality.
Good nutrition improves testicular function.
Good nutrition involves a variety of foods.
Good nutrition is a combination of eating, digesting and absorbing the right foods.
Good nutrition is a community concern.
Good nutrition is a important component of overall student wellness.
Good nutrition is a key factor among the group who enjoy freedom from any dental problems.
Good nutrition is a lifelong necessity.
Good nutrition is a major factor in keeping seniors healthy and independent.
Good nutrition is a matter of balance.
Good nutrition is a necessary step toward good health and good learning.
Good nutrition is a personal choice.
Good nutrition is a prerequisite of a healthy life.
Good nutrition is a prime factor in the student's ability to learn.
Good nutrition is academic.
Good nutrition is also an important factor in maintaining the health of the crew.
Good nutrition is also essential for a healthy body.
Good nutrition is also important for the developing baby.
Good nutrition is also important to the state's economy.
Good nutrition is also important.
Good nutrition is also very important.
Good nutrition is also vital.
Good nutrition is always a plus.
Good nutrition is always important.
Good nutrition is an essential component in quality, long term sobriety.
Good nutrition is an essential part of prevention.
Good nutrition is an excellent defense against stress.
Good nutrition is an important factor in keeping seniors healthy and independent.
Good nutrition is an important factor in maintaining a healthy immune system.
Good nutrition is an important part of any pregnancy.
Good nutrition is an important part of any sports routine.
Good nutrition is an important part of leading a healthy lifestyle.
Good nutrition is an important part of treatment for all types of hepatitis.
Good nutrition is another important component.
Good nutrition is another.
Good nutrition is as important before and after surgery as it is at any other time.
Good nutrition is at the root of all learning.
Good nutrition is based on a diet that includes all the essential nutrients.
Good nutrition is based on making healthy choices each day about what to eat.
Good nutrition is both challenging and rewarding.
Good nutrition is critical because a healthy mind begins with a healthy body.
Good nutrition is critical in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
Good nutrition is critical throughout adolescence, the body's peak bone building years.
Good nutrition is critical to good health.
Good nutrition is critical to student achievement.
Good nutrition is discussed.
Good nutrition is essential after surgery and reduces recovery time, infection and complications.
Good nutrition is essential during pregnancy.
Good nutrition is essential during the pregnancy.
Good nutrition is essential for both physical and mental health.
Good nutrition is essential for effective learning every day, all year long.
Good nutrition is essential for energy, resisting infection, and wound healing.
Good nutrition is essential for good dental health.
Good nutrition is essential for good physical health.
Good nutrition is essential for healthy puppies and mothers.
Good nutrition is essential for preparing for winter.
Good nutrition is essential for stamina and energy, for resisting infection and for wound healing.
Good nutrition is essential for their future.
Good nutrition is essential in every stage of our lives.
Good nutrition is essential to a healthy life.
Good nutrition is essential to a healthy mind and body.
Good nutrition is essential to a long, healthy life.
Good nutrition is essential to developing and keeping the immune system healthy and strong.
Good nutrition is essential to maintaining cognitive and physical functioning.
Good nutrition is essential to produce large bodied and large antlered deer.
Good nutrition is essential to wellness.
Good nutrition is essential.
Good nutrition is even more important for people with cancer.
Good nutrition is extremely important for the support of the cardiovascular system.
Good nutrition is extremely important in adolescence.
Good nutrition is extremely important.
Good nutrition is important at every stage of life, from infancy through late adulthood.
Good nutrition is important both to growth and to meet the energy needs for an active life.
Good nutrition is important for a healthy life.
Good nutrition is important for a young child.
Good nutrition is important for every age - starting with pregnancy, through infancy and childhood.
Good nutrition is important for everyone, especially for the person with cancer.
Good nutrition is important for everyone.
Good nutrition is important for growing bodies and minds.
Good nutrition is important for healthy teeth and gums.
Good nutrition is important for lactating sows.
Good nutrition is important for optimal body weight and good general health.
Good nutrition is important for proper muscle development.
Good nutrition is important for staying healthy, active and independent.
Good nutrition is important for the physical and intellectual development of young children.
Good nutrition is important for women of all ages.
Good nutrition is important throughout life, but nutritional needs change with each stage.
Good nutrition is important to ensure that both mom and baby gain weight at the right rate.
Good nutrition is important to overall good health.
Good nutrition is important when receiving chemotherapy.
Good nutrition is important.
Good nutrition is included as an important part of all programs.
Good nutrition is just as important as medicine and surgery for survival and recovery from cancer.
Good nutrition is just as important for mature adults as it is for younger persons.
Good nutrition is just as important to burn healing as is cleaning the wound.
Good nutrition is key to maintaining health and a long and happy life.
Good nutrition is key to the body's ability to heal.
Good nutrition is needed for good health, and the key to good nutrition is good food.
Good nutrition is often the key to maintaining health later in life.
Good nutrition is one of the keys to great performance.
Good nutrition is one of the primary factors in keeping senior citizens healthy and independent.
Good nutrition is part of every family's health responsibility.
Good nutrition is required for button-buck fawns to grow large pedicels.
Good nutrition is so important to women, no matter what sport they choose.
Good nutrition is so very important.
Good nutrition is the basis for good health and for leading a full and productive life.
Good nutrition is the element that can make that realization possible or prevent it from happening.
Good nutrition is the first step in building solid hooves.
Good nutrition is the foundation of good health.
Good nutrition is the key for a healthy pet.
Good nutrition is the key to building and maintaining strong, healthy bodies.
Good nutrition is the key to good health.
Good nutrition is the key to preventing or controlling allergies.
Good nutrition is the key.
Good nutrition is the secret to success.
Good nutrition is therefore essential to their overall well-being.
Good nutrition is very cheap.
Good nutrition is very important to repair and renew the cells of the body.
Good nutrition is very important.
Good nutrition is vital for mother and baby.
Good nutrition is vital for our children's well-being, as well as our own.
Good nutrition is vital to a growing puppy.
Good nutrition is vital to ensure normal growth and development of children with osteopetrosis.
Good nutrition is vital to good health.
Good nutrition is vitally important to all stages of life, especially before conception occurs.
Good nutrition is yet another important component to the health and well-beingof an older person.
Good nutrition leads to better learning.
Good nutrition makes a difference in the development of the baby before birth.
Good nutrition makes a difference.
Good nutrition makes for a healthy child.
Good nutrition makes learning and every other form of spiritual and physical training easier.
Good nutrition means balanced nutrition .
Good nutrition means eating a balanced, healthy diet.
Good nutrition means getting enough macronutrients and micronutrients.
Good nutrition means greater wool and milk production, higher fertility, and faster growth.
Good nutrition means having the right balance.
Good nutrition means variety and moderation in a person's diet.
Good nutrition plays a crucial role in keeping older people healthy and functioning.
Good nutrition plays a key role in cell health and disease prevention.
Good nutrition plays a key role in successfully recovering from kidney transplantation.
Good nutrition plays a major role in the prevention of osteoporosis.
Good nutrition plays a part in that.
Good nutrition plays a pivotal role for athletes who participate in rigorous activities.
Good nutrition plays a vital role in healthy growing children.
Good nutrition plays an important role in all aspects of life.
Good nutrition plays an important role in preventing illness.
Good nutrition plays pivotal roles.
Good nutrition plays roles.
Good nutrition poses a unique dilemma.
Good nutrition promises great returns.
Good nutrition promotes brain health.
Good nutrition promotes health, reduces stress, increases energy and improves academic performance.
Good nutrition provides a better foundation for learning both academically and socially.
Good nutrition provides natural weight control Follow a low-fat diet.
Good nutrition provides protection.
Good nutrition reduces the impact of lead in the body.
Good nutrition requires a budget adequate to buy some fresh fruits and vegetables.
Good nutrition requires investments in time, and such investments are generally made by women.
Good nutrition starts in the supermarket.
Good nutrition starts with the seed in more ways than one.
Good nutrition strengthens the immune system.
Most good nutrition helps children.
Most good nutrition improves health.
Most good nutrition improves quality.
Most good nutrition plays pivotal roles.
Most good nutrition plays roles.
Most good nutrition provides protection.
Some good nutrition helps birds.
Good oak runs throughout the concentrated currant and spicy Shiraz typical flavors.
Good objectives provide the foundation for good documentation.
Good observation is the key to doing the right experiments in science.
Good observations are crucial to improving model performance and for atmospheric studies.
Good observations are helpful if expressed in well-tempered ways and among fit fellows.
Good observers are highly disci plined.
Good observers can make children come to life on paper.
Good offense occurs from making and waiting for good opportunities.
Good offerings have useful content, clear presentation, consistent style and browser independence.
Every good office needs a strong office manager.
All good officials keep a diary.
Good oil is good.
Good omens are on their way.
Good omens continue to appear here.
Good ones accumulate.
Good ones are delicious, and delicious food is more readily eaten.
Good ones are expensive and almost all are heavy.
Good ones are expensive but durable, soft and excellent for heavy-duty garden chores.
Good ones are fairy primrose, snapdragon, stock, viola, pansy, lobelia and calendula.
Good ones are few and far between.
Good ones are hard to come by.
Good ones are hard to find and a good match is even more difficult.
Good ones are hard to find, and harder to keep.
Good Ones are Hard to Find.
Good Ones Are Hard to Find.
Good ones are lentils, black-eyed peas, lima beans, great northern beans and chickpeas.
Good ones are out there.
Good ones are rare and wondrous things, usually made in very small quantities.
Good ones are somewhat hard to find.
Good ones are trademarks or names.
Good ones are usually hard-edged and clearly targeted.
Good ones are very very expensive.
Good ones are well worth the money.
Good ones become known.
Good ones can be expensive, too.
Good ones can set it apart.
Good ones can take six months to a year.
Good ones carry meaning.
Good ones change the way people do business .
Good ones do.
Good ones ensure placements are positive experiences for both student and employer.
Good ones expect more than just their name on a race car.
Good ones find it.
Good ones give advice freely.
Good ones have lots of neat hooks and pulleys.
Good ones keep the exchange quick and courteous.
Good ones know customers' likes and dislikes.
Good ones make any bike ride better, and bad ones, well, bad ones suck.
Good ones repay long cellaring for ten years after the vintage.
Good ones seem so hard to find.
Good ones switch firms at the drop of an option.
Good ones take work.
Many good ones are available.
Many good ones are church schools.
Most good ones are very portable.
Most good ones do.
Some good ones are ivy geraniums, lobelia, allysum and some petunias.
Some good ones are now available.
Some good ones specialize in selling information products.
Good openers are a provocative question or statement or an interesting fact.
Good openings are a result of carefully developed content, matched with selected choreography . . .
Good operation is what makes or breaks a good railroad.
Good operators are hard to find.
Good operators know when to call it quits.
Good operators manage to achieve their results by being in control of their operations.
Good opponents can take advantage of such a pattern.
Good opportunities are available in the landscape horticulture industry.
Good opportunities come up in movies, when a neighbor is pregnant, or at bathtime.
Good opportunities exist at many public crossings from Snow Junction north.
Good opportunities exist for small-scale farming and forestry.
Good opportunities exist in business, social affairs and other fields.
Good opportunities exist in the sale of small-scale wind and solar power generators.
Good opportunities exist to see mule deer and turkey in the early morning or late afternoon.
Many good opportunities start as Snakes .
Good optics are also important for deep sky observing.
Good optics are the heart of a fine telescope.
Good optics play an important part and having the right filters and eyepieces.
Good options address the issue completely, while bearing few negative results.
Some good options are chocolates, wine, scotch, or local crafts from home.
Good orators attempt to adapt their messages to their audiences.
Good order is a sign that a community is working to achieve the goals it has set for itself.
Good order is maintained by Ushers who assist in seating and in taking up the collection.
Good order is the foundation of all good things.
Good order is the foundation of all things.
Good order is vital.
Good organisation makes for a relaxed barbecue.
Many good organisations provide their services free of charge.
Good organists have a thorough contrapuntal knowledge and good continuo skills.
Good organization comes of clear thinking.
Good organization is a key attribute of good writing.
Good organization is a key.
Good organization is critical.
Good organization is important in an essay exam.
Good organization is key to the success of any Internet project.
Good organization is the key to success.
Good organization makes it very easy to browse through the large range of gardening products.
Good organization makes searching quick.
Good organization needs a simple, clearly, defined path in which to follow.
Good organization results in reducing losses due to duplicate work or unclear objectives.
Good organization saves time.
Good organization stems from good leadership, sound planning, and conscientious follow- through.
Good organization unleashes mutual trust and confidence.
Good organizations keep members busy and meaningfully involved.
Good organizations recognize it and move on.
Good organizations revisit their mission statements regularly.
All good organizations have one.
Any good organization needs to have good people involved.
Every good organization needs a leader.
Every good organization needs strong administration.
Many good organizations go undiscovered simply because it is hard to advertise.
Good organizers teach principles which work in all settings.
Good orientation requires good problem solving skills.
Good outcomes are contingent on adequate lengths of treatment.
Good outcomes are dependent on early detection and repair.
Some good outcrops are in Sec.
Good outlines get the right kind of fiction on time with a minimum of paperwork hassle.
Good output is only possible from good input.
Good outreach is another important factor.
Good oversight means assuring that good practice and procedures are being followed.
Good ozone is found naturally in the earth's stratosphere.
Good ozone is the upper atmosphere, high above the Earth.
Good pace means more players moving, less players standing still.
Good pacing can heighten interest in decision-making.
Good packs have torso length and shoulder strap adjustments.
Good packages save space and are easier to handle and display.
Good packaging ensures that baked goods arrive in good condition.
Good packaging is an intangible that generates sales.
Good page depends on nice pictures.
Good page keep up the good work.
Good pages require good writing.
All good pages are always under construction.
Every good page deserves a full paragraph of 'link text'.
Every good page is always under construction.
Good pain is achy, dull and very general.
Good pain is achy, dull, and very general.
Good pain is the feel of muscles beginning to burn as they are exercised.
Good pain is usually symmetrical.
Good paint does and can be touched up much more easily than gel coat.
Good painters imitate nature, bad ones spew it up.
Good painting is . . .
Good paintings can range from one hundred to several thousand dollars.
Good paintings require good materials.
Good paintings seem to have much more life than photographs.
Good palliation means adequate pain control has been ensured.
GOOD paper is cheap and easily repaired with selotape.
Good paper rebound with maps.
Good papers accomplish their purposes.
Good papers are hard to find.
Good papers are interesting, sane, disciplined, informative, and engaged.
Good papers are most welcome visitors in our camp.
Good papers are papers that emphasize analysis over narration.
Good papers are rather rare.
Good papers are usually the result of writing and much re-writing.
Good papers can remain online as study aids to future students.
Good papers get through to their intended readers.
Good papers make clear statements.
Good papers provide examples to support the thesis.
Good papers start with good preparation.
Good papers stem from good organization.
Good papers use appropriate quotations.
Every good paper begins with a thesis statement.
Most good papers are at least two full pages.
Good parables can both clarify and confuse.
Good paragraphs are unified and coherent.
Good paragraphs focus on only one point apiece.
All good paragraphs are unified, complete, and coherent.
All good paragraphs have a minimum of three sentences.
Some good paragraphs build energy toward a conclusion . . .
Good parents accept their child's abilities and limitations.
Good parents are one of life's true gifts.
Good parents are prepared to deal with ups and downs, emotional and financial, of parenthood.
Good parents are proud of their children.
Good parents are to live happily with their good children centered upon their true parental love.
Good parents can raise children who rebel.
Good parents can rear children who commit heinous crimes.
Good parents control their kids.
Good parents exercise even-handed control after the model of a faithful shepherd .
Good parents find ways to deal with it without becoming spies.
Good parents have a lot of children.
Good parents help a child become civilized and self-actualized.
Good parents help their children deal with it.
Good parents help their children grow up.
Good parents listen to their child.
Good parents promote healthy experiences that become part of one s personal identity and style.
Good parents raise their children in many different ways.
Good parents read to their kids.
Good parents recognize that each child is unique psychologically.
Good parents refuse to leave their children at the mercy of their own folly.
Good parents start small and then build.
Good parents teach their children to develop rules of behavior from experience.
Good parents teach very different maxims to their children.
Good parents try to prevent problems.
Good parents understand the nature of their children and the training process.
All good parents check their child's homework.
All good parents get angry when someone is willfully harming their child.
Any good parent knows that too much criticism at such an early age destroys confidence.
Every good parent knows that each of their children is different.
Every good parent knows that, every good teacher knows that, every good priest knows that.
Every good parent listens at the dinner table, if that meal is still eaten sitting down.
Good parking is available at several town centre car parks close to the concert hall.
Good parking is available.
A good part is strength
Good part is that the plan provides for free unlimited usage during the weekend.
Good part is the garden desperately needs rain.
Good parts are strength.
Good parts mean more money for one and all.
Good participants approach the task with a positive expectation.
Good participants cooperate with the other group members.
Good participation involves an active and knowledgeable presence in class and online.
Good partition divides into small pieces both computation and data .
Good partners are costly.
Good partners are difficult to find.
Good partners are important as never before.
Good partners get along well with all types of people.
Good partners have an important role in our operations.
Good partners stay focused on accomplishing the most important tasks.
Good partners try desperately every day to find the good in every other partner.
Good partnership is fair sharing.
Good partnerships are always valuable.
Good partnerships can make the difference between success and failure in the information age.
Good partnerships encourage dialogue.
Good partnerships proceed along established time lines, often with bumps and glitches along the way.
Good partnerships require persistence and patience.
Good partnerships take time to develop.
Good pass leads to points and is called an assist.
Good passwords are a combination of letters and non-alphabetic characters.
Good passwords are a cornerstone of system security.
Good passwords are at least eight letters and digits long.
Good passwords are at least six characters long and contain a wide variety of characters.
Good passwords are combinations of letters and numbers that are unusual and hard to guess.
Good passwords are combinations of letters and numbers.
Good passwords are combinations of letters, numbers, and special characters.
Good passwords are hard to break.
Good passwords are hard to guess.
Good passwords are key to good security.
Good passwords are passwords that are difficult to guess.
Good passwords are passwords with letters, numbers, capital letters, and special characters.
Good passwords are very low cost.
Good passwords are, by definition, hard for others to guess.
Good passwords contain a combination of letters, numbers, and special characters.
Good passwords contain characters other than letters and numbers, such as punctuation.
Good passwords contain letters and non letters and are in difficult combinations.
Good passwords contain letters and non-letters.
Good passwords contain six or more characters and include both numbers and letters.
Good passwords have at least six characters and include nonalphabetic characters.
Good passwords use both upper and lower case letters .
Good passwords use special characters like punctuation and other symbols.
Good passwords utilize both numbers and letters.
All good pasta begins with durum semolina, the milled endosperm from hard or winter wheat.
Good pastors appreciate the faith which unites councilors.
Good pastors are realists who face the reality of pain and sin.
Good pastry is flaky, tender, delicate and evenly browned.
Good pasture can be excellent source of protein of high quality for broodmares and foals.
Good pasture is a valuable source of summer feed.
Good pastures are widespread.
Good pastures protect water quality by filtering runoff water and increasing infiltration.
Good patients avoid talking about pain.
Good patterns are.
Good patterns tend to be specific, concise, and concrete.
Good pay attracts good teachers.
Good pay can also guarantee more reliable service.
Good pears can be quite difficult to grow - more so than apples.
Good pedagogy addresses both teaching methods and learning styles.
Good pedagogy encourages students to test their knowledge in real-world situations.
Good penetration is extremely important to card counters.
Good penguins are cool.
Good penmanship starts with good posture.
Good people applying universal principles at work and at home make the difference.
Good people are already hard to find.
Good people are altruistic, because selfless personal sacrifice is altruistic.
Good people are always hard to find.
Good people are always welcome to benefit by taking an organizing role.
Good people are always welcome.
Good people are an organization's most valuable assets.
Good people are at home.
Good people are at times in the wrong place.
Good people are blameless.
Good people are everything.
Good people are everywhere.
Good people are far more valuable than good systems.
Good people are genuinely good, evil people are genuinely evil.
Good People are good because they have come to wisdom through failure.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure.
Good people are good value.
Good people are good, because they've come to wisdom through failure.
Good people are hard to find and harder to keep.
Good people are hard to find, and even harder to keep.
Good people are hard to find, the saying goes.
Good people are hard to find.
Good people are increasingly hard to find.
Good people are kind to others .
Good people are never against anything.
Good people are normal.
Good people are often difficult to locate.
Good people are rare.
Good people are safe, but sinners are in deep trouble.
Good people are slow to act against tyranny.
Good people are strong.
Good people are the lifeblood of any organization.
Good People are very professional.
Good people are what drive and improve the performance of any organization.
Good people are willing to risk death doing honest journalism.
Good people are worth their weight in gold.
Good people attract other good people.
Good people bring good things out of the good stored up in their hearts.
Good people can appear to be expensive, but are so productive that they are actually cost-effective.
Good people can be religious and they can be irreligious.
Good people can celebrate the birth of a baby who grew to be a good man.
Good people can differ about which candidate's approach is fairest.
Good people can disagree, and in the meantime, until minds change . . .
Good people can disagree, and often do.
Good people can disagree.
Good people can easily earn their compensation in benefits to the owners.
Good people can fail in bad systems.
Good people can find a way to disagree without having to resort to threats and name-calling.
Good people can gain something through intentional defeat.
Good people can have honest differences.
Good people can inadvertently do very bad things.
Good people can lie and evil people can tell the truth.
Good people can maintain and nurture good partnerships.
Good people can make errors.
Good people can t compete for office on equal turf.
Good people come in all colors and shapes, from every ethnic heritage and geographical region.
Good people come in all shapes and sizes.
Good people consume auto industry products, too.
Good people cost good money.
Good people count more than good process.
Good people deserve love.
Good people die ahead of their time.
Good people die all the time.
Good people die everyday.
Good people die tragically and evil people live beyond all moral deserving.
Good people die, and no one understands or even cares.
Good people die.
Good people disagree.
Good people do bad things.
Good people do good things because of the good in their hearts.
Good people do good things.
Good people do make good machines and bad people do make bad machines.
Good people do suffer as a result of natural disasters.
Good people do suffer.
Good people don t dream.
Good people don t eat with tax collectors, prostitutes and other heinous sinners.
Good people draw what is good from the store of goodness in their hearts.
Good people drink good beer.
Good people fast twice a week and give tithes of all that they possess .
Good people feel bad when they do something bad.
Good people finder and yellow pages.
Good people get a variety of offers.
Good people get sick and die of cancer.
Good people get sick too.
Good people happen to bad things.
Good people have a more fortunate rebirth than bad people.
Good people have bad days.
Good people keep themselves pure.
Good people kill the souls others with their oppressive religious duties and expectations.
Good people know other good people.
Good people laugh.
Good people leave and often take good customers when the deal goes down.
Good people like to work with good people . . .
Good people like to work with other good people.
Good people live here.
Good people live in Indian country, they deserve a chance to go to work.
Good people love good things.
Good people make a difference.
Good people make bad choices.
Good people make bad decisions.
Good people make for good relationships, and good relationships are good for business.
Good people make good parents.
Good People Make IT Happen.
Good people make mistakes and hurt one another.
Good people make the best of bad circumstances.
Good people meet bad people, but everyone gets eaten.
Good people move a lot, and quickly.
Good people practice every religion some have no religious affiliation nor belief.
Good people read to everybody's kids.
Good people represent a significant part of the goodwill.
Good people rise to it though.
Good people run in good families.
Good people running scared is high-speed survival, operating on the thin fumes of perfectionism.
Good people running scared is the result of a job half-done.
Good people skills a definite plus.
Good people skills to motivate, coach, and teach technical staff.
Good people skills to work with clients and fellow team members.
Good people skills with excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Good people suffer as a result.
Good people suffer some awful tragedies.
Good people suffer unjustly.
Good people tend to know other good people.
Good people think before they answer.
Good people try to do what is right in any situation, even if that means going against the crowd.
Good people work here.
Good people work makin' A bombs.
Good people work well together.
Good people work with good people so a referral network is ideal.
All good people are considerate of others.
All good people aspire to achieve such standards for their own conduct.
All good people dance, from angels down.
Many good people are available today at a reasonable price.
Many good people go different places and do a lot of traveling.
Many good people have.
Many good people suffer in poverty and with disease.
Some good people are there, though.
Some good people become very domineering and even murderous.
Good performance causes job satisfaction.
Good performance contributes to good user experience.
Good performance enhances the credibility of Finland's national defence.
Good performance fosters positive self-image.
Good performance helps a post-secondary institution predict success on their campus.
Good performance includes both minimal loss propagation and minimal added delay.
Good performance is a prerequisite for effectiveness.
Good performance is characterized by high efficiency.
Good performance is looked at as nerdy.
Good performance is more likely after a run of successful behaviors than failures.
Good performance is only available over a very limited range of window sizes.
Good performance is prime factor for optimistic market outlook.
Good performance is recognized without waiting for nominations for formal awards to be solicited.
Good performance is what wins at the end of the day.
Good performance means the checks go out the door.
Good performance requires a piano in good condition.
Good performance requires course-grained communication.
Good performance requires installation in a high wind speed area.
Good performance unlocks tracks.
Good performances abound.
Good performances come from good rehearsals.
Good performances make the ride all the more enjoyable.
All good performance starts with clear goals.
Every good performance has an intermission.
Good performers can become great performers.
All good performers are also exhibitionists.
Good period feel.
Good permeability is indicated by high flow rates.
Good permeability is reported.
Good person skills to talk with different empires.
Good persons can possess the most repulsive of attitudes.
Good personality has to love hardcore music and likes to camp outdoors.
Good personality is a rarity among female main characters.
Good personnel are essential to any company s success.
Good personnel are the key to winning contracts and delivering effective technical assistance.
Good pharmacies are easily available.
Good pharmacy takes more than being a good pharmacist.
Good philosophies produce good science.
Good philosophy represents a careful, skeptical way of thinking.
All good philosophy is but the handmaid to religion.
Good photo essays too.
Good photos fill in some of the blanks.
Good photos go a long way toward being able to determine an item's value.
Good photos help the sale, bad photos hinder it.
Good photocopies are acceptable.
Good photographs are good for both technical and aesthetic reasons.
Good photographs are only the first step in a high-quality presentation.
Good photographs help identify things.
Good photographs provide records and reference sources of basic soils information.
Good photographs show pattern detail.
Good photographers anticipate their pictures.
Good photographers are some of the most sought after and highly paid professionals in the world.
Good photographers have great talent and greater discipline.
Good photographers know how to get the picture.
Good photography can certainly serve many media and even be one by itself.
Good photography emphasizes the picture value.
Good photography is a skill.
Good photography is about thinking and seeing, patience, and personal relationships.
Good photography is all about seeing.
Good photography is critical to a winning entry.
Good photography is essential here.
Good photography is just as difficult as ever.
Good photography opens the door fast.
Good photography requires an understanding of equipment, color, lighting and composition.
Good photography skills a plus.
Good photometry is good photometry.
Good physicians are important.
Good physicians are invariably good storytellers.
Good physicians are still good physicians - whether they are single or married.
Good physicians keep in communication with the paying carrier via reports.
Good physicians know how to take a good history from a patient using visual and auditory clues.
Good physicians know what their words can mean.
Every good physician welcomes a second opinion.
Most good physicians are willing to see needy patients for free, or for a reduced fee.
Good physics equals strong braking power with little effort.
Good pianists use the gravity force from the weight of their fingers, hand and arm.
Good pic's too.
Good pictures are also a highly subjective matter, even good colors.
Good pictures are extremely important.
Good pictures are frequently a matter of luck.
Good pictures are important to the young child.
Good pictures are welcome.
Good pictures can make all the difference.
Good pictures don t merely record the clothes.
Good pictures help explain the more difficult concepts.
Good pictures make it easy to understand and appreciate the importance of the subject.
Good pictures open a window onto the page.
Good pictures seem more elusive than an old brown trout.
Good pictures take a singular moment and make it universal, report on the human condition.
Some good pictures enhamnce the articles.
Good pieces is very glossy and smooth to the touch.
Good pieces suit the scale and the mood of their settings.
Good pigmentation is preferred.
Good pillows cost less than the health club or diet center.
Good pilots are really into spotting and take a lot of pride in it.
Good pilots can travel long distances by always finding rising air.
Good pilots find that finesse is as important as brute strength.
Good pilots know their limitations and stay within the parameters of their abilities.
Good pirates oppose an evil governor.
Good pit stops help too.
Good pitchers allow opposing teams very little margin for error.
Good pitchers are hard to come by.
Good pitchers are often the easiest to steal on.
Good pitchers can adjust to any strike zone.
Good pitchers can do that.
Good pitchers can get into a bad streak, but they are able to straighten it out.
Good pitchers do make for at least the appearance of good fielders.
Good pitchers get wins because they stick around longer than average pitchers.
Good pitchers rely on movement and the thin air takes all movement away.
Most good pitchers hate losing good hits more than they hate getting hit.
Good pizza is almost impossible to find.
Good pizza is baked in a brick oven.
Good pizza starts with the best ingredients .
Good places are business cards, letterhead, brochures, TV, radio, and newspaper and magazine ads.
Good places are often along the coast.
Good places exist.
Good places go bad, bad places go broke.
Good places have good service, bad places have bad service.
Good places have lots of sensors on each one and some synchronization.
Most good places have a waiting list, and the.
Most good places have a waiting list, and.
Good plan is the fruit of our co-operation.
Good plans are also clear in their vision and in the core values they imply.
Good plans build on the best qualities of a community.
Good plans offer a rate guarantee of five years.
Good plans produce results.
Good plans save the client time and money.
Good plans start with a brainstorming session of all the people involved with the project.
All good plans start with an objective.
Any good plan is based on reality.
Every good plan needs practice or it is no plan.
Many good plans fail to materialize and the reason lies right here.
Good planets are hard to find.
Good planners are opportunistic.
Good planners use money for sharing, saving AND spending.
Good planning applies to all technologies.
Good planning begins with unhurried reflection, creative thinking and goal setting L earn .
Good planning begins with unhurried reflection, creative thinking and goal setting.
Good planning can also help to reduce maintenance and utility costs.
Good planning can also reduce travel time and expenses.
Good planning can avert the last-minute panicked rush parties can bring.
Good planning can eliminate a big disposal problem.
Good planning can help overcome some fears.
Good planning can help to improve risk.
Good Planning can include time management, goal setting, life planning.
Good planning can prevent many problems.
Good planning can prevent problems from arising in the first place.
Good planning can provide alternatives to the forced sale of assets under unfavorable conditions.
Good planning can reduce the risk of certain diseases.
Good planning can result in a fun and safe trip.
Good planning demands it.
Good planning depends on knowledge and research yields knowledge.
Good planning discourages exclusive neighborhoods and helps promote diversity and stability.
Good planning done well in advance, is clearly critical.
Good planning generates pride in the community.
Good planning guides the budget, and planning is the heart of responsibility center management.
Good planning has to follow a very orderly and formal process.
Good planning helps avoid unexpected costs, but a good budget allows for the unexpected.
Good planning helps make the most effective use of fonts.
Good planning helps students save time and money.
Good planning helps with sustainable and easily maintained trails down the road.
Good planning helps.
Good planning improves the results of procurement negotiations.
Good planning including selection of a handling system, storage needs and equipment is essential.
Good planning involves parents, counselors, and students as a team.
Good planning is a necessity.
Good planning is a process of organizational learning.
Good planning is as essential as making adjustments on the road is inevitable.
Good planning is critical to making the time count.
Good planning is critical.
Good planning is crucial to successful business set-up.
Good planning is crucial.
Good planning is dependent on any number of factors including good information and assessment.
Good planning is essential at all levels.
Good planning is essential for providing water and sanitation services.
Good planning is essential for succeeding at anything in life.
Good planning is essential to a safe environment.
Good planning is essential to achieve the best results.
Good planning is essential to overcoming travel fears.
Good planning is essential to the success of any home improvement project.
Good planning is essential.
Good planning is important to the success of any event.
Good planning is important when it comes to storage.
Good planning is key to a successful business.
Good planning is key to an enjoyable camping experience.
Good planning is key.
Good planning is needed to ensure the project's success.
Good planning is needed to make the pasta, sauce and dinner time come together.
Good planning is often the key to managing growth.
Good planning is really a pleasant thing to do.
Good planning is required.
Good planning is the backbone of good design.
Good planning is the beginning of every job.
Good planning is the best defense against unnecessary accidents and confusion.
Good planning is the best insurance against pesticide disposal problems.
Good planning is the best tool in the implementation of BMPs.
Good planning is the best way to predict business success.
Good planning is the first step in guaranteeing a health future.
Good planning is the first step.
Good planning is the foundation for physical and economic development.
Good planning is the foundation of a successful event.
Good planning is the key to a well-written record of congregational history.
Good planning is the key to continued economic concern for our city.
Good planning is the key to extensive coastal cruising.
Good planning is the key to good placing.
Good planning is the key to making an overseas assignment or job a success.
Good planning is the key.
Good planning is the secret of a successful party.
Good planning is the secret of good grant writing.
Good planning is vital in policy development.
Good planning is worth much more than special technologies or equipment.
Good planning leads to orderly growth and the efficient provision of services.
Good planning makes for better-informed decisions about our services.
Good planning makes for good management.
Good planning makes for the best chances of success.
Good planning makes good business.
Good planning means effective control, easier delegation and increased effectiveness.
Good planning means good decisions and better management.
Good planning means higher profits, for the long term.
Good planning means more than making sure there's enough water running from taps.
Good planning means spare time left over.
Good planning means there is always something in bloom.
Good planning pays off by creating direction, excitement, and motivation.
Good planning protects property values and minimizes the negative impacts of new development.
Good planning raises many questions and perhaps some doubt or skepticism.
Good planning requires a mindset that thinks in terms of abundance rather than scarcity.
Good planning requires consistency.
Good planning requires expert legal advice.
Good planning requires good forecasts.
Good planning requires information, resources, and a level of technical expertise.
Good planning requires laying aside some of the surplus for future needs.
Good planning saves money without compromising quality.
Good planning saves taxpayers money.
Good planning saves time and money.
Good planning saves time, money and increases effectiveness.
Good planning starts with good information.
Good planning supports a smart selection process.
Good planning takes a knowledge of demographic information and how to interpret it.
Good Planning takes place in a cycle, with evaluation following detailed planning.
Good planning takes practice.
Good planning takes time and requires details.
Good planning takes time.
Good planning uses the powers of human foresight to their greatest potential.
Good plant keys for help in identifying wildflowers.
Good plants begin with good, rich organic soil.
Good plants make water bodies a better place for fishing.
Good plastics are always more expensive than their leather counterparts.
Good plastics offer downhill like support without being uncomfortable.
Good play is a lost art.
Good play is educational.
Good play is habit-forming.
Good play is pleasure.
Good plays are always the product of a single vision . .
Good plays are the key to team offense.
Good plays draw out a particular experience for everybody that is just a little bit different.
Good players accelerate the club through the ball while poor players slow down.
Good players are a fraternity of the few.
Good players are the ones who find the most difficult puzzles to present to their opponents.
Good players are totally aware of their fellow golfer's game in progress.
Good players can make 'breaks' as in snooker, sometimes running all twelve hoops in a single turn.
Good players can pull it off.
Good players can separate the good from the bad.
Good players castle in most of their games.
Good players come from players playing the game.
Good players deserve that.
Good players do it year in and year out.
Good players do that.
Good players get lucky breaks.
Good players give their best in every match, every game, every move.
Good players give their best in every match, Every game, every move.
Good players have low handicaps.
Good players have that ability to adapt to a certain situation.
Good players have the power to think while they are competing.
Good players help, too.
Good players know that they have a few winning sessions and many losing ones.
Good players know what to do.
Good players learn from stabs.
Good players learn that lesson fast.
Good players let the ball hit the ground before they take a whack.
Good players make big plays in big games.
Good players make good coaches.
Good players make good plays.
Good players make plays in big games.
Good players play well with the puck, but great players play great without the puck.
Good players practice what they do worst.
Good players respond to the space they are in.
Good players stand out.
Good players study the changes and adapt their methods to stay competitive.
Good players use build orders.
Good players win collectively by eliminating all of the Evil players in the game.
Good players win rotisserie leagues, chemistry wins real-life championships.
Good players win what poor ones lose, and it is a real challenge to become a good player.
Good players win what poor ones lose.
All good players are good putters.
All good players do.
All good players have their right heel slightly off the ground before impact.
Any good player wants that sort of choice.
Every good player has a preshot routine.
Every good player needs discipline and training.
Every good player stays in state now.
Most good players specialize in one or the other.
Some good players are long.
Good playwrights are very rare birds indeed.
Good pleasures relieve stress that can inhibit success.
Good plumbers know how to deal with hair clogs versus food clogs.
Good poems tend to present more questions than answers.
All good poems start with good inspiration.
Good poets avoid such intellectual plagues.
Good poets borrow.
Good poets grow their own.
Good poets learn how to use the tools of their trade and then concentrate on their subject matter.
All good poets go for walks.
Good poetry can make good frames.
Good poetry is based in good imagery.
Good poetry is good poetry.
Good poetry requires a balancing of talent, study and skill to craft a poem.
All good poetry depends on the ethical relation between imagination and the image.
All good poetry is forged slowly and patiently, link by link, with sweat and blood and tears.
Good point is a lot of homework .
Good point is most contents and very nice graphickally.
Good point is that power steering problems are over, it works now perfectly.
Good Points Has the most games available.
GOOD points help learning.
Good poles feel better.
Good polenta requires a teaspoon of salt per cup of cornmeal.
Good policies are ones that are themselves important for growth.
Good policies are still the best precaution that member can take against crises.
Good policies are still the best precaution that members can take against crises.
Good policy alleviates the suffering of the poor and unemployed with job retraining.
Good policy can substantially accelerate the maturation and adoption of new technologies.
Good policy helps.
Good policy is essential to good management.
Good policy makes aid more effective.
Good policy makes good politics.
Good policy minimizes the size and influence of government.
Good policy needs to be based on long-term goals and the national interest.
Good policy requires an understanding of technology.
Good policy requires good information.
Good policy starts with good science, and California needs both.
Most good polishes contain natural oils to moisturize the paint, which further adds to the gloss.
Good politicians have to do something in less than the time scale of forever.
Good politicians have to repeat party programs and get good at tackling opponents.
Good politicians try to prevent their own oxen from being gored.
Good pollination is critical to fruit set.
Good pollination is critical, as is frost protection.
Good pollination is essential to fruit set and size.
Good pollsters strive for randomness.
Good ponies are almost worth their weight in gold, but worth it.
Good pop is rare.
Good populations exist in farming regions of the Midwest and the Northeast.
Good populations exist in farming regions of the Midwest.
Good populations exist in suitable habitat throughout the region.
Good porgies have a delicate flavor and a sweetness that decreases as the fish ages.
Some good portals receive content from the visitors.
Good portfolios have an objective and the selection of investments is designed to achieve it.
Good position sets up the best opportunity to make birdie.
Good positions are plentiful.
Good posters are succinct, using few words that are printed large.
Any good postmaster can forge mail from anybody to anybody.
Good posture allows adequate room for the organs to function properly.
Good posture allows that extension to happen.
Good posture burns more calories than slouching.
Good posture can aid in reducing eyestrain even while watching television.
Good posture can help minimize the effects of osteoporosis.
Good posture can help relieve lower-back stress and eliminate some backache discomfort.
Good posture can reduce our chances of back pain.
Good posture communicates a positive self-image.
Good posture gives clearer voice quality.
Good posture has a lot to do with balanced muscle strength.
Good posture helps contribute to the normal functioning of the nervous system.
Good posture helps one move with grace and ease, and appear healthy and happy .
Good posture helps prevent back strain and pain.
Good posture helps the body work more effectively.
Good posture improves health.
Good posture is a way of doing things with more energy, less stress and fatigue.
Good posture is actually quite simple.
Good posture is also essential.
Good posture is also important.
Good posture is associated with confidence and enthusiasm.
Good posture is both an upward and a downward flow.
Good posture is comfortable and natural-looking because it's the normal position.
Good posture is critical.
Good posture is effortless and breathing is easier.
Good posture is especially helpful in avoiding injuries to the back.
Good posture is essential when trying to reduce the risk of back problems during pregnancy.
Good posture is important for everyone.
Good posture is important for good typing.
Good posture is important in preventing backache.
Good posture is important.
Good posture is more than just standing up straight.
Good posture is necessary to keep the curves in their proper positions.
Good posture is only possible if the flexors, extensors, and rotators are in proper balance.
Good posture is the basis of good workstation ergonomics.
Good posture is the best way to avoid a computer-related injury.
Good posture is the head and back held straight and arms relaxed at the shoulders.
Good posture is the result of a combination of factors.
Good posture is very important with first impressions.
Good posture is vital.
Good posture keeps the body in proper alignment, relieving muscles of unnecessary stress and strain.
Good posture makes a person feel good and helps the body move with ease and grace.
Good posture means balanced curves and proper alignment.
Good posture means, to sit with the back straight and upright.
Good posture requires that the workload be evenly distributed and that the body be properly aligned.
Good posture requires the entire body to work together.
Good posture starts with the head, neck and trunk.
Good posture translates into good streamlining.
Good posture translates into less staking in our gardens.
Good potatoes are the product of planning, preparation, and presentation.
Good practice calls for a thorough inspection after cleaning and before reinstallation.
Good practice communicates high and clear expectations.
Good practice communicates high expectations .
Good practice communicates high expectations.
Good practice developed in such schools is likely to be very relevant to the majority of teachers.
Good practice develops reciprocity and cooperation among students .
Good practice develops reciprocity and cooperation among students.
Good practice dictates calibration be checked monthly.
Good practice emphasizes time on task .
Good practice emphasizes time on task.
Good practice encourages active learning.
Good practice encourages contacts between students and faculty .
Good practice encourages contacts between students and faculty.
Good practice encourages cooperation among students .
Good practice encourages cooperation among students.
Good practice encourages student-instructor contact.
Good practice entails a number of stages in discipline and grievance handling.
Good practice gives prompt feedback .
Good practice gives prompt feedback.
Good practice includes a faculty owned and driven process.
Good practice includes the periodic challenge of prepared media with low levels of organisms.
Good practice is limited in scope at present.
Good practice is shared in Scotland via the HSBs meetings and at national level forums.
Good practice is to alternate thiabendazole with imazalil treatments each season.
Good practice is to build toward clearly defined, realistic goals.
Good practice is widely available but too many employers choose to ignore it.
Good practice makes for good drill.
Good practice requires a minimum of two focus groups per audience.
Good practice respects diverse talents and ways of learning .
Good practice respects diverse talents and ways of learning.
Good practice uses active learning techniques .
Good practice uses active learning techniques.
Good practices can protect it from unnecessary loss.
Good practices hold as much meaning for professional programs as for the liberal arts.
Good preachers become good preachers outside of the seminary.
All good preachers have one thing in common, which is their ability to listen.
Good predictions can lead to significant benefits, however.
Good premises are fruitful and suggest all of the above.
Good preparation beats frettin' any day.
Good preparation can avoid problems in the future.
Good preparation can dramatically reduce the severity of symptoms.
Good preparation contributes to good performance.
Good preparation demonstrates an interest and enthusiasm for the present opportunity.
Good preparation ensures active participation and better understanding of the material.
Good preparation instills confidence.
Good preparation instils confidence.
Good preparation is essential before launching any project, it saves time, trouble, and tempers.
Good preparation is essential for any presentation.
Good preparation is essential.
Good preparation is half of the success on a voyage.
Good preparation is like writing a script.
Good preparation is more than simply gathering the documents demanded.
Good preparation is the best defense against buying the wrong car.
Good preparation is the best insurance for a good outcome.
Good preparation is the best solution to nervousness.
Good preparation is the key to a successful website.
Good preparation is the key to an enjoyable and safe canoe trip.
Good preparation is the key to any successful fantasy sports draft.
Good preparation is the key to reducing risks and minimizing loss.
Good preparation is the key to success in negotiation.
Good preparation is the key to success.
Good preparation is the key to successful burning.
Good preparation is vital to the success of the garden.
Good preparation makes things much easier, so start planning early.
Good preparation means carefully reviewing the entire assignment before the lab begins.
Good preparation means that the course materials are structured so as to be cognitively accessible.
Good preparation requires prior reading of textbook assignments.
Good preparation takes anywhere from nine months to a year.
Good preparation takes as long or longer than the acutal paint job.
Good presentation can reduce the amount time spent in meetings.
Good presentation counts.
Good presentation is essential to research, education and to communications and public relations.
Good presentation is essential.
Good presentation lacking subtlety and depth appears to be the conclusion.
Good presentations are good teaching.
Good presentations support and reinforce what the speaker is saying.
Any good presentation is the key to an effective training session.
Every good presentation has a great opening.
Good presenters start by finding several friendly faces in the class.
Every good presenter knows that in addition to verbal language, there is the language of symbols.
Good preservation indicates deposition in anoxic conditions.
Good press is appreciated by legislators.
Good press is invaluable.
Good press means more money.
Good pressure is important here.
Good pretenders can bring great harm.
Good prices are in the eye of the beholder.
Good prices are out there.
Good prices are possible through the economies of scale afforded by membership in the association.
Good prices come from producing high quality harvested fruit, free from blemishes, rots and moulds.
Good prices make large arrangements a nice option.
Good prices make large arrangements an attractive option.
Good pricing involves understanding the direct and indirect costs of the business.
Good pricing means taking into account the impact of taxes.
Good primers seal surfaces and provides the paint with a better bonding surface.
Good princes find their government a constant care, and their people find it a constant blessing.
Good principals are successful at supervising and motivating teachers to excel.
Good principals demand that their students work hard.
Good principals do that.
Good principals know the union contract.
Good printers are a reasonably priced add-on to a computer package.
Good printers make good customers to the papermaking business.
Good printing is as much about preventing mistakes as it is about high-quality craftsmanship.
Good printing requires high contrast between text color and background color or pattern.
Good privacy is good business because it boosts consumer confidence.
Good privacy is good for business.
Good problem setting is the key to a good discussion.
Good problem solver with a flexible attitude.
Good problem solving and decision making skills are also necessary.
Good problem solving and simulations can have a game appearance.
Good problem solving involves reasoning.
Good problem solving processes are the key to effective service level provision.
Good problem solving skills and project management expertise is vital.
Good problem solving skills are necessary, too.
Good problem solving, analytical, oral, written, and project management skills a plus.
Good problems contain too much or too little or contradictory information.
Good problems dealing with computational chemistry are hard to find.
Good procedure means having it on file for easy reference.
Good procedures are in place for preventing and responding to clients who are prone to wandering.
Good producers are hard to find - leading to little or no variation in the music being churned out.
Good producers are hard to find The producer ranks are sometimes even more difficult to fill.
Good producers tend to produce at least twice as much as poor producers.
Good product builds a good reputation.
Good product See price list for more inrormation.
Good products are always available, effective distribution in many ways is much harder to obtain.
Good products are still five years away.
Good products are the result of good people.
Good products come from good foundations.
Good products have a way of selling themselves.
Good products make good news.
Good products require good scientific research.
Good products sell themselves.
Good products start from within.
All good products have good testing.
Some good products are available for download at CNET .
Good production depends mainly on adequate moisture, proper pruning, and control of diseases.
Good productions are an all year activity.
Good professionals have a lot of opportunities abroad.
Good professionals interacting well with other elements of the health system make good health care.
Good professors can teach great classes.
Good professors know the differences between commercial outlines and the casebook.
Good program sells.
Good programs allow kids the freedom to do both.
Good programs anticipate the unexpected and gracefully handle problems.
Good programs are a dime a dozen.
Good programs are field-based, meaning that individuals get into classrooms early in their training.
Good programs are ongoing and always evolving.
Good programs attract viewers and listeners so that the commercials reach enough people.
Good programs bring good attendance.
Good programs build students' confidence that they can succeed in mathematics.
Good programs can keep kids safe.
Good programs check for suspicious files.
Good programs cost a lot of money.
Good programs demand documentation showing how the work corresponds to a college-level course.
Good programs have a nice balance between the number of menus and input screens.
Good programs have comments.
Good programs make good things happen.
Good programs offer a lot of administrative flexibility.
Good programs offer classroom and hands on training components.
Good programs offer relevant content that is easy to transfer to the workplace.
Good programs recognize that exercise is essential to weight control and encourage it.
Good programs require parents back home to undergo therapy.
Good programs tell good stories about people.
Any good program has many other features, too numerous to mention here.
Any good program requires that a volunteer be trained, which does cost money.
Every good program begins with a great topic.
Every good program is well-documented.
Many good programs are also available through banks.
Many good programs are available for free downloading.
Many good programs are free or very inexpensive to download.
Many good programs are just around the corner.
Many good programs are underfunded.
Many good programs cost much less.
Many good programs exist and there has been much cooperation among the agencies.
Many good programs exist that uninstall old software and are quite good at removing every trace.
Some good programs forward data to the training manager automatically.
Good programmers are competent with their tools.
Good programmers are in great demand.
Good programmers are in short supply and can often set their own salaries.
Good programmers are invisible to the end user, bad programmers create a nightmare undreamt.
Good programmers are lazy like that.
Good programmers are too lazy to define several closely related functions.
Good programmers create good code.
Good programmers do a thorough check of their work prior to releasing it to the public.
Good programmers have the code or access to the resource.
Good programmers know what to write.
Good programmers learn something new every day and improve their technique constantly.
Good programmers refuse to work there.
Good programmers schedule lectures at both beginning and advanced levels.
Good programmers use structured programming as easily as they breathe.
Good programmers work alone.
Good programmers write code that humans can understand.
Any good programmer can synthesize the Whois databases.
Every good programmer knows the trick.
Good programming employs a decomposition methodology.
Good programming includes the ability to work with others effectively and professionally.
Good programming is both an art and a skill .
Good programming is good programming, regardless of language.
Good programming is necessarily the output of a few talented individuals.
Good programming matters more than good languages.
Good programming needs to accomodate two factors.
Good programming requires simplicity, flawless logic, and clear documentation.
Good progress continues to be made in implementing the range of initiatives to deliver our strategy.
Good progress continues to be made in project areas within technical services.
Good progress continues to be made on repairs to the water systems in the area.
Good progress continues to be made.
Good progress requires excellent intuition and communication on the part of the tutor.
Good projects are the bedrock of good fundraising.
Good projects link, complete or extend systems.
Every good project starts with a plan.
Many good projects are underway through the efforts of a number of agencies and organizations.
Many good projects become burdensome when they begin to lag behind schedule.
Many good projects fail because only one person let the team down.
Good projections are important tools to improve and test performance.
Good promotion is essential to a successful sale.
Good promotion is essential to any budding artist.
Good promotions are the key to a successful web page.
Good promotions can overcome competition and many other business obstacles.
Good promotions take practice.
Good pronunciation comes from listening and repeating good spoken examples.
Good pronunciation is important, as is involving the child in everyday activities.
Good proofreaders have certain qualities in common.
Good properties exist which range from heavily forested to bare lava flows.
Every good prophet speaks to inchoate social concerns.
Good proposals are easy to understand.
Good proposals require care in content and precision in language.
Good proposals show consistency with the five selection criteria.
Good proposals take extensive effort.
Good proposals take time to develop.
Good prose can also come from novels and autobiographies, sometimes even newspaper articles.
Good prose comes from learning the principles of good writing, and then doing alot of writing.
Good prose contains vivid metaphors, similes, and striking images.
Good prose is far better than tormented verse.
Good prose is like a window pane.
Good prose is like a windowpane.
Good prose is verbal theater which the reader interprets and enacts.
Good prosecutors have two things in common.
Good prosecutors know when to cut their losses and move on to the next case.
Many good prosecutors are aggressive.
Good prospects are food, toys, electronics, electrical appliances, garments, etc. .
Good prospects exist to realize benefits from biotechnology in animal and crop agriculture.
Good prospects exist.
Good prostaglandins help reduce swollen tissue.
Good protection is a balance of threat, function and cost.
Good protection is the best location for almost all species.
Good protection is to wear long pants.
Good protests are hard to come by nowadays.
Good prototypes generate feedback from the market for better or for worse.
Good prototypes start with ulcers.
Good provenance can add interest and value to a piece.
Good psychics are like good detectives.
Most good psychics charge much more.
Good psychology is good theology.
Good publications list an advantage.
All good publications change.
Every good publication needs a comic strip.
Good publicists treat all writers with respect, despite their size and distribution.
Good publicity is a key component to maintaining a reputable and successful academic program.
Good publicity is a key to good attendance.
Good publicity is an important part of our successful programs.
Good publicity is essential for a successful project.
Good publicity is essential for both the gallery and the artists.
Good publicity is even better.
Good publicity is more than just throwing some information onto a flyer.
Good publicity is much more difficult to find.
Good publicity is the main reason companies and associations do good things for the community.
Any good publicity is great.
Good publishers do exist.
Good publishing is good communications, and good communications means strategy.
Good puns abound.
Good punctuation is a series of signals that keep the reader on the right track.
Good pundits are veteran reporters first.
Good puppies get treats Like, trippy man.
Good puppies start long before breeding ever takes place.
Good puppies start long before their parents are bred.
All good putters believe they are good putters.
Most good putters use a pendulum-like arm and shoulder motion.
Good quality food results in growth.
Good quality vanillas have aromatic flavor.
Good quality vanillas have flavor.
Good quality vanillas have strong flavor.
Good quality cataloguing data is readily available.
Good quality cultured pearls are bright, lustrous and are sure to become heirloom gems.
Good quality feel to it.
Good quality is available at a low price due to a special braiding technique.
Good quality is ensured with tungsten carbide inserts at the tip of the needle holder.
Good quality is free.
Good quality is good quality, no matter how it's packaged.
Good quality is important in the selection of any garden plant and roses are no exception.
Good quality is reported with large sized fruit.
Good quality is rewarded from annual performance-based appropriations.
Good quality is the result of appropriate design and fabric selection as well as fine sewing.
Good quality make-up tools are essential for the perfect look.
Good quality means the success of game.
Good quality packing stocks continue to shorten.
Good quality passing, setting up play, diagonal pass and crossing are essential.
Good quality planting stock is the key to success in the bramble fruit enterprise.
Good quality plugging strips also make things safer.
Good quality show dogs and pets for active homes.
Good quality tavernas nearby.
Good quality thigh high stockings are very comfortable.
Good quality walking boots or comfortable wellingtons, together with waterproofs, are essential.
Good quarterbacks are everywhere.
Good quarterbacks are rare.
Some good quarterbacks get with the bad teams and never have a chance to prove themselves.
Good queries are rich in keywords that can narrow the focus of a search.
Good question gets a holiday.
Good questions allow people to communicate with mutual understanding.
Good questions are a key design issue.
Good questions are also acceptable entries.
Good questions are as important as the answers.
Good questions are as valuable as good answers.
Good questions are difficult to write, but seem easy.
Good questions are essential to good research and to good stories.
Good questions are good for everyone involved.
Good questions are invitations to take a closer look.
Good questions are just as important or even more important than good answers.
Good questions are sometimes similar to campfires in the sense that they are built .
Good questions are the catalyst and fuel of cooperative learning.
Good questions ask who, what, when, where, why, and how.
Good questions build relationships.
Good questions come from knowing a topic and also from experience.
Good questions come from the truly teachable.
Good questions come in many different forms.
Good questions count as much as correct answers.
Good questions draw out the customer's perceptions.
Good questions encourage learners to analyze, synthesize, and evaluate.
Good questions inspire curiosity, which is the engine of learning.
Good questions inspire interesting answers.
Good questions provide surprises for both child and teacher.
Good questions require advance preparation.
Good questions require careful thought.
Good questions take thought and time.
Good quickness has precise, rapid, and crisp execution of turns, edge changes and transitions.
Good quips blossom with time and opportunity.
Good quips can brighten any day.
Good quips have many meanings.
Good quips make for quick markets.
Good quips occur in every language.
Good quizzes are better than good polls.
Good quizzes are customizable and show the quiz takers the results right away.
Good quotes are hard to find, by the way.
Good quotes are volumes of wisdom in a handy carrying case.
Good quotes deserve recognition right.
Good quotes work on several levels, forcing the audience to think.
Good races have a far easier time of it overall.
Good racers learn to be philosophical about the inevitable disappointments in their sport.
Good radio is rooted in the community.
Good radio saves lives.
Good rains bring welcome relief.
Good rapids continue immediately below.
Good rapport is as important as anything else the acupuncturist has to offer.
Good rapport is based on effective communication.
Good ratings are always important, while poor ratings can eventually mean loss of job.
Good ratings equals more valuable ad time equals more money.
Good ratings tend to lead to lower costs of capital for the company.
Good rationales exist for using the specific indicator and for drawing general conclusions from it.
Good ray tracing software is probably the best way to fully characterize such systems.
Good rays are half edges starting at the middle of edges and walking to the vertices.
Good reactivity is obtained with human, bovine, chicken, dog, rat, mouse, turkey and xenopus.
Good readers allow purpose to drive their approach to reading.
Good readers are good ideators.
Good readers are usually good readers because they read a lot.
Good readers are usually good writers.
Good readers are willing readers.
Good readers ask questions as they read, and they keep reading to find the answers.
Good readers ask questions while they read, but also before and after they read.
Good readers become good thinkers and good thinkers become good writers.
Good readers become good writers.
Good readers can read dialects in print.
Good readers catch satire and puns.
Good readers comprehend by relating what they're reading to what they already know.
Good readers connect what they read with what they already know.
Good readers deserve a good certificate.
Good readers do better in school.
Good readers enjoy books and do well in their schoolwork.
Good readers enjoy reading.
Good readers expect to understand what they are reading.
Good readers get stronger and stronger, as they continue to read.
Good readers get their mouths ready for beginning sounds.
Good readers go back and get a running start when they get stuck.
Good readers interact with text without even realizing that they are doing it.
Good readers learn from their reading, and, as they do so, learn more about reading.
Good readers learn how to scan.
Good readers learn their reading habits at an early age.
Good readers look for chunks in words.
Good readers look for meaning instead of just looking at individual letters or words.
Good readers look for special endings on words.
Good readers make a reading plan based upon the book's difficulty, length, and importance.
Good readers make good lawyers.
Good readers make good writers - it's as simple as that.
Good readers make good writers.
Good readers make predictions.
Good readers monitor and correct as they read.
Good readers predict and think about what they are going to read before they read.
Good readers read and process every letter, but they do so quickly.
Good readers respond.
Good readers revel in details.
Good readers scan about four words ahead to establish meaning and syntactic context.
Good readers take picture walks and use pictures when they get stuck.
Good readers tend to fall in love with an author and read many of that author's books.
Good readers think about what they already know about a subject, before they start reading.
Good readers turn all the black and white symbols on the page into images.
Good readers understand what they read.
Good readers use information in the pictures and other text features to make predictions.
Good readers use phonics, language cues, and meaning to identify words while they're reading.
Good readers use rapid, context-free, automatic decoding skills.
Good readers use their pointing finger to read.
All good readers predict as they read.
Every good reader carries words and what they look like in their head.
Good reading does beget good writing.
Good reading does that.
Good reading is a dialogue between the reader and the writer.
Good reading is also important for success in nearly every other activity.
Good reading is more than summary.
Good reading is selective reading .
Good reading is selective reading.
Good reading requires practice.
Good reason exists for such a rule.
Good reason exists to believe that most licensing laws are counterproductive.
Good reason includes sexual harassment.
Good reason is defined as a circumstance or matters beyond the client's control.
Good reasons exist for taking pride in local flora and fauna.
Good reasons exist to cooperate.
Good receivers drop passes and good tacklers miss tackles.
Good receptionists get to know the voices and names of clients who call frequently.
Good receptionists know how to make people feel welcome and comfortable while they wait.
Good recipes are consistent .
Good recommendations are a best bet.
Good recommendations are important.
Good records allow managers to compare products and procedures.
Good records are available on the fatal accidents.
Good records are crucial.
Good records are essential to a direct marketing operation just as they are for any business.
Good records are essential.
Good records are imperative.
Good records are indispensable with lean-growth modeling.
Good records can increase the likelihood of business success.
Good records ease the logistics by ensuring standardization and continuity.
Good records help to avoid duplication of effort.
Good records make sound management decisions possible.
Good records minimize loss of knowledge and ensure business continuity despite staff turnover.
Good recordings sound very, very good while poor ones are hard to hear by comparison.
Good recruiters have enormous networks of their own.
Good recruiters have to get out and wear out a little shoe leather.
Good recruiters know the industry, the people and are respected for their evaluation skills.
Most good recruiters specialize in a few industries or functions.
Good recruitment is one of the hardest dynamics in business.
Good referees try to learn from each new experience encountered while officiating.
Good reference works on finite-dimensional convex analysis already exist.
Good references are essential.
Good references are very important.
Good references are, after all, still important.
Good references list for applications.
Good references req'd.
Good references work wonders.
Many good references are available for playground design.
Many good references exist.
Good reflectors appear to be the same temperature as their surroundings.
Good reflectors are very important.
Good relations are essential.
Good relations are necessary more between the families than between individuals.
Good relations require understanding, communication and involvement.
Good relationships allow happy, productive employees and loyal, satisfied customers.
Good relationships are a job, like everything else.
Good relationships are a two-way street.
Good relationships are basic.
Good relationships are essential for good health.
Good relationships are genuine.
Good relationships are important among church members.
Good relationships are key.
Good relationships are pivotal in nuclear data bases.
Good relationships are the key to it all.
Good relationships are the most important part of life.
Good relationships are the result of creating and reinforcing good habits.
Good relationships are the result of giving all the players what they want.
Good relationships are valuable to both parties.
Good relationships breed healthy souls.
Good relationships build value, which builds customer loyalty and profits.
Good relationships can make life very happy.
Good relationships create a unity necessary to run run effective organizations.
Good relationships depend very much on open honest communication.
Good relationships extend far beyond relationships with people.
Good relationships form when the partners share common values, interests, and goals in life.
Good relationships have a balance of give and take.
Good relationships make foundations for good marriages.
Good relationships make the difference all day.
Good relationships produce peace and happiness . . .
Good relationships provide the richest, happiest, most meaningful experiences in life.
Good relationships result between the students, the adult sponsors, and the scientists.
Good relationships take a lot of hard work, dedication and respect for each other's needs.
Good relationships take hard work and diligence.
Good relationships take time.
Good relationships testify to the power of the Christian gospel.
All good relationships demand honesty and integrity.
Any good relationship needs work and mutual respect.
Any good relationship takes work.
Every good relationship depends on frequent, intimate, and honest sharing.
Most good relationships take time and effort.
Good relevance is claimed for hits displayed.
Good religion builds good mental health.
Good religion is good mental health.
Good religion produces good morals.
Good remotes have a distinct feel when the buttons are pressed.
Good reps are always in demand.
Good reps are on time with their deliverables, within budget and are professional.
Good reps are ones with quick turn-around time.
Good reps are straightforward.
Good reps pay attention to detail, get things done on time, and return calls.
Good repairers are increasingly less available.
Good replicas keep that small clearance.
Good reports are specific, and provide clear information about the severe weather threat.
Good reports make readily apparent how much each committee has received and spent.
Good reporters are usually on to something, even if it's only a public relations issue.
Good reporters go to jail before they reveal their confidential sources.
Good reporters know what is going on in the world.
Good reporters live and die by the credibility they build with their contacts, sources and readers.
Good reporters question what they are told.
Good reporters read the newspaper.
Good reporters spend a lot of time outside the office where news happens.
Good reproduction is achieved only when the lines are drawn very carefully.
Good reproduction is extremely important.
Good reproduction requires white paper with sharp, black ink.
Good reproductions are replicas of the original piece.
Good reputation is like a crystal ball Thrown for gain - shattered and cracked.
Good reputations are difficult to establish and harder to keep.
Good reputations are much easier to establish early in the procurement process.
Good reputations are slow to build, but quick to diasppear.
Good requirements are concise, implementation free, and verifiable.
Good rescuers try to match each applicant with an appropriate dog.
Good research answers questions, solves problems and adds to knowledge.
Good research begins with questions that beg for answers.
Good research can identify companies that meet the above criteria.
Good research can start anywhere on the wheel but it keeps moving around it.
Good research depends on good coursework.
Good research depends on good questions.
Good research describes reality.
Good research flows from good ideas.
Good research generates new perspectives and new questions and potentially goes on indefinitely.
Good research goes beyond accepted wisdom.
Good research helps public policy formation.
Good research includes an understanding of critics' points of view.
Good research informs good teaching.
Good research is a process.
Good research is always important to advance science and medicine.
Good research is at the core of a quality health care system.
Good research is both creative and personal.
Good research is especially important in today's media environment.
Good research is fundamental to formulating sound public policy.
Good research is implicit in good teaching.
Good research is indispensable.
Good research is like following a chain from one source to another.
Good research is more than just testing issues brought to a researcher.
Good research is relatively expensive.
Good research is tedious, and for many people, reading research papers can be monotonous at best.
Good research is the basis of our factual knowledge of human sexual behaviour.
Good research is the foundation of a good essay.
Good research is useful to explain how students understand specific technological ideas and skills.
Good research lends itself to good planning.
Good research makes connections to previous work.
Good research makes for sound genealogy.
Good research produces only reliable knowledge.
Good research reduces the riskof management decisions and increases the chances of success.
Good research requires ample time.
Good research requires careful planning.
Good research requires good research facilities.
Good research requires good resources.
Good research requires having original documents on hand when needed.
Good research requires healthy animals.
Good research requires persistence and time.
Good research separates hot concepts from hot air.
Good research shows that it's a diuretic that helps empty the bladder.
Good research starts with valid and reliable measures.
Good research takes time but is essential.
Good research takes time.
Good research uses sound measurement .
All good research begins with a high quality of project design.
All good research is based on data, whether it is numbers, pictures, words or texts, or objects.
Most good research is hypothesis-driven.
Most good research starts with a question or two.
Some good research happens here.
Good researchers are hard to find. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Good researchers are quite creative.
Good researchers use multiple sources to find a range of information on their topic.
All good researchers take existing research into account.
Every good researcher knows to leave a trail that others can follow to verify the research.
Good resistance is available in many tomato varieties and some other vegetable crops.
Good resistance is available, but few breeders have used it so far.
Good resolution is like many a modern girl, easy to make but hard to keep.
Good resolutions are easier to break than old habits.
Good resolutions are often checks drawn on an account with insufficient funds.
Good resources are available to support the research conducted.
Good resources are available to the students, including computers and library facilities.
Good resources list plus information on various projects.
Good resources provide a depth of coverage and a wealth of sources for further research.
Many good resources are available for state rules on the internet.
Many good resources are available.
Some good resources are already in place today.
Good respiration spreads work around all muscles.
Good rest is a natural way for the body to restore itself.
Good rest is also necessary.
Good restaurants abound as well.
Good restaurants abound throughout the area.
Good restaurants abound, but three are worth a detour for lesbian travelers.
Good restaurants are close by.
Good restaurants are nearby.
Good Restaurants are nearby.
Good restaurants are plentiful here.
Good restaurants are within walking distance - sandwiches or a full menu.
Good restaurants are within walking distance.
Good restaurants go to great pains to train staff who are knowledgeable about wines.
Good restaurants have fresh foods, organic chicken, and all kinds of wonderful foods.
Every good restaurant has their 'story' and their 'menu'.
Many good restaurants are also nearby offering some real Puerto Rican cuisine.
Many good restaurants are within a short walking distance.
Good restoration is a prayer, an offering.
Good restoration requires a long term view.
Good restoration takes time, experience, and great care.
Good restraint is necessary to avoid injury.
Good results accrue rapidly.
Good results are difficult when indifference predominates.
Good results are possible, but very difficult.
Good results are sometimes few and far between.
Good results are the lifeblood of every organization.
Good results are the result of luck backed by effort and ongoing learning.
Good results are what matter.
Good results begin with good seeds.
Good results bring smiles.
Good results can follow from consulting the local communities.
Good results come from being careful.
Good results come through careful preparation.
Good results comes from good karma created in the past lives.
Good results demand good ingredients.
Good results depend upon observing many type Ia supernovae, both near and far.
Good results instill faith easily.
Good results provide a great measure of faith.
Good results require advanced search techniques.
Good results require attention to detail and, above all, patience.
Good results require care, attention to detail, but few special skills.
Good results show opportunities for sustainable action.
Good results talk about a good person.
Every good result is a bonus.
Good resume writing is an essential skill for a successful job search.
Good resumes are a dime a dozen.
Good Resumes Find out the secrets of writing a good resume here .
Good retailers attach as much as possible to the initial sale.
Good retailers respond to trends while trying to avoid short-lived fads.
Good retards get happy-face stickers.
Good return is auspicious.
Good returns lie in the eyes of the beholder.
Good reviews are descriptive and helpful.
Good reviews are difficult to do.
Good reviews are essential to maintaining and improving the quality of our journal.
Good reviews are very nice, too.
Good reviews give business an immediate boost.
Good reviews keep trickling in.
Good reviews receive positive recommendations from customers and push up to the top of the list.
Good reviews try to balance the good and the bad, so avoid going completely negative or positive.
Good reviews used within, and design is fabulous.
All good reviews have three parts, a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Good rewards are stars on a chart or fun activities.
Some good rewards are food and playing retrieve. .
Good rhythm is the key to successful putting.
Good ribs can make even a vegetarian salivate.
Good riders ride principally on balance.
Good ridges are a necessity .
Good rigs are Carolina rigs and bottom walkers.
Good risks bring good rewards.
Good rivalries demand mutual respect.
Good rivalries die hard.
Good road leads to property.
Good roads are a great blessing.
Good roads are on the north and west sides.
Good roads are particularly critical to American business.
Good roads are vital to healthy business and that translates into revenue and jobs.
Good roads connect the main towns but are impassable during the raining season.
Good roads enable the efficient and safe movement of people and goods within and through a region.
Good roads ensure accessibility to all parts and public transport is both cheap and efficient.
Good roads join the mountains to the ocean and, in one same day.
Good roads lead right to our door.
Good roads lead to trailheads all along the range.
Good roads lighten the burdens and boost the fortunes of all mankind.
Good roads make year round travel possible throughout the community.
Good roads penetrate nearby fields of raw material production.
Good roads run throughout the national cemetery and historic stockade area.
Good roads service the homesites, water and electricity is supplied to the lot line.
Good roads surround the section.
Good robots can do useful work.
Good rock leads up, via cracks to the left edge and a large belay ledge.
All good rock has that foundation of the blues in it somewhere.
Good romance takes time to develop just like a good garden soil.
Every good roof needs a sturdy deck on which to fasten the outer covering material.
Good rookies go up to the plate respecting the pitcher, and humble about their odds.
Good rooms contain two bunk beds with a bathroom shared between one other room.
Good roots are roots of the sort that promote the flourishing of a plant.
Good roots demand oxygen.
Good routes become more attractive to other ants than poor routes.
Good rows grow good plants.
Good rubato is a very suave thing.
Good rugs deserve good care.
Good rules are enforceable.
Good rules are fair.
Good rules are good for the sport.
Good rules are reasonable.
Good rules have no vague or ambiguous words.
Good rules state the penalty for disobeying Good rules can be enforced.
Good run blocking ability, is experienced.
Good runners run with awareness.
Good safeguards are to be enacted.
Good safety features standard.
Good safety is a matter of common sense.
Good safety is good business.
Good sails go without saying.
Good sailors are always careful about weather.
Good sailors are usually fine men.
Good sailors steer very keen to the wind and only drop jettsam well clear of the rudder.
Good sailors take pride in their ability to chose and tie knots.
Good salaries are also an incentive driving interest in the oral health sciences.
Good salaries count, but companies are looking at other ways to keep staff.
Good salesman have empathy, remember it is every day mind reading.
Good salesmans are capable of sells.
Good salesmen connect from heart to heart with their customers.
Good salesmen realize that the only way to grow in the organization is to become a sales manager.
Any good salesman knows all about the benefits of advertising.
Good salesmanship can mean more money on each job.
Good salesmanship has a cumulative effect.
Good salesmanship is the hallmark of the successful auctioneer.
Good salespeople are convincing and so are crooks.
Good salespeople are convincing, and so are crooks.
Good salespeople are courteous, tell the truth about products, and never ignore customers.
Good salespeople ask the right questions.
Good salespeople do their homework.
Good salespeople know all about their merchandise.
Good salespeople like to share their knowledge and experience.
Good salespeople selling good products have good answers.
Good salespeople stay in close contact with all their customers and know where they stand.
Good salespeople use both, but great salespeople add the dream, that is the vision of a better life.
Good salespersons are hard to find.
Any good salesperson knows the importance of qualifying a buyer before trying to sell a product.
Most good salespeople are in that gig for the dough.
Good salmon is preserved with more than brine and smoke .
Good samples are able to produce large quantities on command.
Good sanitation does decrease the risk of some diseases.
Good sanitation helps prevent many diseases.
Good sanitation helps.
Good sanitation improves cider quality and prolongs shelf life.
Good sanitation including soil sterilizations helps to control nematodes.
Good sanitation involves the removal of old grain and dust in and around the gain bin.
Good sanitation involves the removal of old grain and dust in and around the grain bin.
Good sanitation is best control.
Good sanitation is critical.
Good sanitation is especially important for trees infected with anthracnose.
Good sanitation is essential for long term control.
Good sanitation is essential in reducing disease problems.
Good sanitation is helpful, so remove brown and fallen leaves.
Good sanitation is important for preventing mastitis in goats in milk.
Good sanitation is important in reducing disease occurence in nurseries.
Good sanitation is important, both inside and outside the house.
Good sanitation is important.
Good sanitation is most important within and immediately adjacent to trees that are to be protected.
Good sanitation is necessary to avoid maggots.
Good sanitation is required if house and stable fly population are to be kept at a minimum.
Good sanitation is the basic step in all fly management.
Good sanitation is the basis for all fly control programs.
Good sanitation is the best and most economic way to control rats.
Good sanitation is the best prevention and control for drugstore beetle infestations.
Good sanitation is the first step to controlling the spread of bed bugs.
Good sanitation is the most practical method of control.
Good sanitation limits rodents' sources of food and shelter.
Good satire is a lot like pornography.
Good satire is about attacking the powerful, and that tends to be more the purview of the left.
Good satire is also hilarious.
Good satirists are hard to find, and a true gift for darkness is rare.
Good sauces are pesto, walnut, amatriciana, and tomato.
Good savers make saving a habit, through good times and bad.
All good scams rely on the greed of the victim.
Good scanners are now available for a low cost.
Good scanners work best The next greatest variable is the quality of the scanner used.
Good scenarios are extremely difficult to build however.
Good scenarios are ones with big teams.
Good scenarios focus on questions that matter.
Some good scenarios are worth repeating.
Good scenes evoke good thoughts.
Good scheduling reduces the percentage of tasks on the critical path.
Good schemes meet regularly and take action to deal with local problems.
Good scholars mop up the fellowships anyway, and excellent work is nearly always done.
Good scholars see the issue differently.
Good scholarship demands a principled search for the truth.
Good scholarship is a prerequisite to becoming an initiated member of a Greek organization.
Good scholarship is emphasized and rewarded greatly.
Good scholarship produces questions along with answers.
Good scholarship requires good writing.
Good scholarship requires the presence of students at all class and laboratory meetings.
Good scholarship tends to reinforce good teaching.
Good schools are a key part of a community's economic and social well being.
Good schools are a large part of our community.
Good schools are a major force in any economic development.
Good schools are a reflection of good communities.
Good schools are absolutely critical.
Good schools are an important factor in where people decide to live.
Good schools are an important part of any home buying decision.
Good schools are better by design.
Good schools are critical for student learning and they help maintain our property values.
Good schools are essential to good communities and good facilities are essential to good schools.
Good schools are good for the community and for our family and our business.
Good schools are key to helping build neighborhoods.
Good schools are kind of foundational to our society, and places where students feel safe.
Good schools are like magnets.
Good schools are no accident.
Good schools are of key importance in any community.
Good schools are open to new ideas and always searching for ways to do things more effectively.
Good schools are safe schools.
Good schools are the foundation upon which any city is built.
Good schools are the lifeblood of our cities.
Good schools are the most commonly requested criteria of families looking to purchase a new home.
Good schools are the product of good teaching.
Good schools are well located throughout the county.
Good schools attract good teachers.
Good schools attract people.
Good schools build strong communities.
Good schools cause our neighborhoods to become more vibrant, and our citizens to become more active.
Good schools contribute to a good community.
Good schools cost money.
Good schools create and sustain a community of shared values.
Good schools depend on good teachers.
Good schools differ enormously in what they offer and in the kind of child they suit best.
Good schools expect teachers to meet high standards.
Good schools find a way to involve major stakeholders.
Good schools focus sharply on learning.
Good schools have a clear vision or mission in mind which guides their practice and planning.
Good schools have detailed curricula.
Good schools have good principals.
Good schools have good school leaders.
Good schools have good scullers.
Good schools have healthier students.
Good schools have serious students.
Good schools have standards in mind when they implement technology into their curriculum.
Good schools help define the quality of life in each community.
Good schools help home value appreciation.
Good schools help increase residential property values.
Good schools help make strong, desirable communities and support our property values .
Good schools help make strong, desirable communities and support our property values.
Good schools indicate smart voters.
Good schools keep real estate values high.
Good schools keep their students involved in school life beyond the classroom.
Good schools know the difference between a big idea and a fad.
Good schools mean a well-educated work force and higher property values.
Good schools mean better, more valuable communities.
Good schools offer annual home leave.
Good schools require informed and involved parents and communities.
Good schools sustain property values for homeowners.
Good schools try to create an atmosphere where bullying is unacceptable but it can still happen.
Good schools welcome it.
Every good school is an overcrowded school.
Good schoolhouses indicate general intelligence, and the value put upon education by the citizens.
Good schtick is good schtick, after all.
Good schticks reverberate off each other until the feedback threatens to deafen the audience.
Good science begins with good questions.
Good science builds on testing.
Good science can come out of money from the devil.
Good science consists mostly of play disguised as work.
Good science demands independent verificiation and reproducibility for a claim.
Good science depends on every party in a discussion getting the message right.
Good science describes without unstated bias.
Good science dictates that the measurements obtained in that case be verified beforehand.
Good science forms the basis of good decisions.
Good science is a continuing discussion between many people.
Good science is about discovery.
Good science is absolutely critical to good management of our resources for future generations.
Good science is based upon a sequence of methods to test hypotheses.
Good science is essential for sound environmental decision-making.
Good science is extremely important as an international currency.
Good science is good science, and there was no difference there.
Good science is good science, wherever one comes from.
Good science is inspired by curiosity.
Good science is itself a deterrent to fraud.
Good science is more than that.
Good science is much easier to define.
Good science is necessary for good management.
Good science is of the latter type.
Good science is often expensive, inconvenient, and difficult.
Good science is predictive of the future.
Good science is promoted by different approaches to a problem.
Good science is supported by writing discipline, routines and skill.
Good science is the basis for good management decisions.
Good science is the foundation of good regulatory decisions.
Good science is the start.
Good science means conducting open-minded inquiry.
Good science means more than conveying information about what scientists have learned.
Good science needs a solid foundation' .
Good science produces mostly lots of good unanswered questions, needing more thought and research.
Good science requires constant communication.
Good science requires peer review.
Good science requires studying molecular behavior directly, in the laboratory.
Good science requires that observations and analyses be repeatable and repeated.
Good science takes time and money.
Good science takes time.
Good science tries to find general rules of nature using objective evidence.
Good science writing plainly demands lucidity and accuracy.
Any good science considers the limitations of their study.
Good scientists are always careful.
Good scientists are often more willing to be involved in such projects.
Good scientists can identify important problems capable of solutions.
Good scientists do more than speculate and criticize.
Good scientists hate to wait for breakthrough equipment.
Good scientists know perfectly well that new ideas look strange.
Good scientists produce creative solutions.
Good scientists study the most important problems they think they can solve.
Good scientists use highly-critical standards in the judging of evidence.
All good scientists keep a journal.
All good scientists plan what they are going to do in the laboratory before beginning an experiment.
All good scientists report their results.
Any good scientist knows that induction is a leap of faith.
Every good scientist is a good presenter.
Every good scientist performs some kind of experiment.
Many good scientists call the global warming theory a farce.
Good scores are crucial.
Good scores are hard to come by for experts and average golfers.
Good scores can open doors.
Good scores earn students points.
Good scores show colleges that the homeschooler was able to do college-level work at home.
Good screenwriters have to discover the spine of the story and stick to it.
Good screenwriters observe the interplay between people.
Good scripts begin with a good story and good characters.
Good scripts happen that way.
Good scripts mention the required method in the documentation or as a comment in the script itself.
Good scripts require enthusiasm toward research.
Good scripts run our industry.
Good scriptwriters are in demand, and scriptwriting opportunities are widespread.
Good scullers make excellent rowers.
Good seafood is available at some beach-front restaurants where nearby small souvenirs are for sale.
Good seafood is readily available and there are often highly imaginative vegetarian options too.
Good seafood is yummy.
Good seals are vital on locker lids and hatches.
Good searches can take time.
Good searchers triangulate output from several engines to achieve relevant results.
Good seasoning is essential.
Good seats are available for each performance.
Good seats are harder to come by than faithful spouses.
Good seats are still available for all three events.
Good seats are still available for both dates.
Good seats are still available.
Good seats remain for all games.
Good secretaries take good care of their bosses.
Good security begins with good system administration.
Good security begins with policy and management.
Good security begins with policy.
Good security can be the difference between financial success and breakdown.
Good security can save money and make products more attractive to the consumer.
Good security has it's price.
Good security increases the complexity.
Good security is always a combination of technology and policy.
Good security is essential.
Good security is hard and requires significant resources.
Good security is important for all exterior doors on every home and apartment.
Good security is invisible in normal use.
Good security is planned for up front, and implemented using common security services.
Good security leads to good safety.
Good security requires deterrence and response.
Good security starts with a clear policy.
Good security starts with coherent policy and ends with an audit.
Good security starts with good passwords.
Good seed grows well, and matures and bears fruit only in prepared soil.
Good seed is a major component of successful new alfalfa stands.
Good seed is an important first step.
Good seed is important for successful alfalfa.
Good seed is important in today's farm economy.
Good seed is necessary to produce good plants.
Good seed translates into high growth rates and and a high quality product.
Good seeds grow in strong cultures.
Some good seed is lost forever.
Good selection can at one and the same time improve wicking, water resistance and wind resistance.
Good self help advice.
Good sellers are plant books, plants, and photographs.
A good sense is discernment
Good sense consists in the adaptation of means to ends.
Good sense dictates hikers take at least two days.
Good sense is skilful, bad sense cunning .
Good sense is the most evenly distributed commodity in the world.
Good sense is the second qualification for the ministry.
Good sense makes a person slow to anger, and it is to one's glory to overlook an offense.
Good sense prevails.
Good sensitivity can also lead to a better relationship between the bird and the trainer.
Good sensors facilitate the automation of food production processes.
Good sentences are clear without the use of commas.
Good separation equates to more time to avoid collisions.
Good sequels exist.
Good series are available.
All good series comes in threes.
Good sermons are intentional.
Good servants live surrendered lives.
Good servants surrender.
Good servers shou ld be able to perform a number of common network tasks smoothly and efficiently.
Every good server creates a record of everything that happens on the server.
Good service becomes a prime factor in attracting customers.
Good service becomes critical, especially when customers are paying more for premium products.
Good service begins at home with perfect grooming and a positive attitude.
Good service can be the difference between black and red ink in the ledger.
Good service can be worth the extra expense.
Good service deserves a tip.
Good service equals repeat business, and good working relationships is how business is done today.
Good service has many facets.
Good service includes security.
Good service is always so hard to find.
Good service is creative, technical solutions to fast-arriving business opportunities.
Good service is equally important.
Good service is good business.
Good service is integral to brand thinking.
Good service is most important for the Japanese market.
Good service is now the exception instead of the norm.
Good service is our policy.
Good service is received from caddies.
Good service is required for tenure and promotion.
Good service is the hallmark of our business.
Good service is the very basis of business.
Good service is worth a lot.
Good service makes customers come back.
Good service means recognizing what the customer wants.
Good service produces a good image.
Good service requires a lot of time, effort, and professional skill.
Good service requires accurate and responsive communications .
Good service requires good management.
Good service requires infrastructure, management skills, training, and commitment.
Good service requires more than one person, it takes a good staff that works well together.
Good service supports good public relations.
Good service translates profitably into good economics and future business.
Good setters can combine both speed and deception when they tip.
Good sex begins in the head.
Good sex can correct poor posture, or at least make it stand up straight.
Good sex comes with time and patience.
Good sex does, yeah.
Good sex ends in mutual climax.
Good sex ends with orgasm.
Good sex has a lot to do with stamina, flexibility and blood flow.
Good sex has elements of give and take.
Good sex includes friendship, passion, love, trust, and a lot of touching, holding, and kissing.
Good sex involves communication from both people.
Good sex is about communication.
Good sex is based on good communication between partners.
Good sex is better than bad paragliding.
Good sex is experimental.
Good sex is like a long holiday meal with many courses and conversation and breaks in between.
Good sex is more than physical.
Good sex is when both parties enjoy it.
Good sex releases muscle-relaxing hormones.
Good sex requires physical comfort.
Good sex requires that both people care about each other and are willing to please each other.
Good sex requires time, energy, experience, familiarity and knowledge.
Good sex sounds also.
Good sex starts with a healthy attitude about sex.
Good sex takes time and effort.
Good shape runs excellent, Good tires, extra parts.
Good shape runs very well.
Good shape runs well.
Good shelter adds to our life while poor or inadequate shelter takes away from it.
Good shelter has to be provided once calves are moved out from the rearing facility to pasture.
Good shepherds are like that.
Good shepherds pursue people who are scared to get involved.
Good shepherds push the sheep to range more widely and taste the food.
Good shepherds show great care for their sheep.
Good shielding is fairly easy to accomplish when metal enclosures are used.
Good shielding seems contrarian.
Good shocks give maximum control.
Good shocks take some of that out, but there is still quite a bit left.
Good shoes are an essential when hiking.
Good shoes are expensive here.
Good shoes are important.
Good shoes are of great importance.
Good shoes are one of life's little compensations.
Good shoes are the only necessity.
Good shoes do make a difference in any activity.
Good shoes guard against flu says doctor.
Good shoes have a sole that is thin but stiff.
Good shoes impress many interviewers.
Good shooters are good game shooters.
Good shooters maintain there's nothing like practice to eliminate distractions at the foul line.
Good shooters shoot good shots.
Good shooting is boring.
Good shooting is unforced, effortless technical virtuosity.
Good shops advertise in the yellow pages, but so do the bad ones.
Good shops are to be found in all the main shopping streets.
Good shops depend on referrals.
Good shopping takes time.
Good shot means easy birdie hole.
Any good shot wins appreciation.
Good shoulders are most important.
Good shows can do that, though the memories of such a gobbling horror are hard to repress.
Good shows generate good spinoffs, usually.
Good shows happen in localized areas every three or four years.
Good shows make everyone look good.
Most good shows run past their prime until they become a pale shadow and finally fade away.
Good showers are available in the rest rooms.
Good signs are the key to any safe and successful job.
Good signs help.
Good signage can increase a business's opportunity for success.
Good signage can increase business performance and bottom line profits.
Good signage is essential for default duplex.
Good signage is mandatory for central collection areas.
Good signage is the key to education and traffic flow.
Good signal is at least a third of the bar filled.
Good similes compare two very different nouns.
Good simulations require good approximate models of packet traffic.
Good singers make using their exceptional instrument look easy.
Good sinkers are always desirable.
Good site check it out.
Good site describes how to search the internet effectively.
Good site keep it going.
Good site needs more pictures.
Good sites are a hard surface field, playground, parking lot, highway or median strip.
Good sites are also a tremendous sales support tool.
Good sites are candidates for bookmarking.
Good sites are easy to navigate.
Good sites are easy to read.
Good sites are good communities.
Good sites are never completed, they evolve all the time.
Good sites are very busy.
Good sites can change rapidly depending on rainfall.
Good sites can even die at the hands of bad hosting arrangements .
Good sites change every day.
Good sites change their content on a regular basis and have frequent visitors.
Good sites come and go.
Good sites encourage interactivity People have a natural urge to share ideas and stories.
Good sites encourage interactivity.
Good sites evolve from mediocre sites.
Good sites evolve.
Good sites gain attention.
Good sites have a consistent graphic style and strike a balance between design and content.
Good sites have quick, simple navigation systems.
Good sites help promote themselves.
Good sites help to promote themselves.
Good sites link good sites.
Good sites mimic the real world.
Good sites provide indexing and content that is unavailable through other technologies.
Good sites tend to be lean and fast, with a premium on function over flash.
Good sites understand that dynamic.
Good sites update their data daily or weekly.
Every good site has to start with a good host.
Every good site needs a gimmick that gets people to return again and again.
Every good site needs to be updated regularly to keep pace with our changing internet world.
Every good site needs to have a clearly defined goal or mission.
Every good site offers pointers off to other good sites and resources.
Many good sites are already unblocked.
Most good sites have something to say or some type of info.
Good size pockets.
Good sketches are also acceptable.
Good skiffs belongs at the core of a basic boating library.
Good skiing is relative to good conditions.
Good skills are the foundation upon which future training and advancement can be built.
Good skills get better with use.
Good slapstick can be great.
Good sleep adds to the quality of life.
Good sleep helps our shen reside within the body unperturbed by the outside world.
Good sleep is difficult in a city where activity and sound continues nonstop.
Good sleep is essential for good health.
Good sleep is essential for the vocal cords.
Good sleep is essential.
Good sleep is what recharges people batteries.
Good slides convey the essential material of the talk, including verbal points and research results.
Good slides require standardization.
Good slides stand out.
Good smack cuts right to the chase.
Good snorkels have a purge valve.
Good snorkeling is available over the seagrass or on the reef at the south end of the beach.
Good snorkeling is possible and rental equipment is available for water sports at both.
Good snorkeling is to be had farther west near the point and off the cay near the campground.
Good socialization can reduce many problems and parrots can be taught to tolerate other people .
All good societies breed enemies whose combined hostility can prove fatal.
Good sociologists are people who see the world through four years of theories and studies.
Good socks go a long way towards keeping hunters comfortable in the deer stand on chilly days.
Good software can indeed be helpful as a tool to enhance one's teaching effectiveness.
Good software captures their interest, and holds it.
Good software deserves good documentation.
Good software facilitates good experimental design.
Good software frees the imagination.
Good software helps.
Good software is designed, engineered, crafted.
Good software is essential to a multifunction device's print, scan and fax functions.
Good software is essential.
Good software is out there, but it takes a little looking for.
Good software is sufficient to get the job done.
Good software makes the first three goals useful.
Good software means good business.
Good software offers a range of difficulty levels that automatically adjust to what a child can do.
Good software takes time to produce.
Good software takes time.
Good soil absorbs and retains water better.
Good soil absorbs and retains water much better than poor soil.
Good soil accounts for their success.
Good soil builds healthy gardens.
Good soil can provide a home for a billion nematodes per acre.
Good soil drains well and can hold the oxygen and nutrients essential to growth.
Good soil give best growth but the plant tolerates poor, sandy soil.
Good soil gives the best results.
Good soil grows good grass.
Good soil grows good plants.
Good soil holds moisture and nutrients.
Good soil is a nice dark brown, rich color.
Good soil is a world of working microbes.
Good soil is essential for most agriculture.
Good soil is essential to grow healthy plants that are able to survive pests and diseases.
Good soil is essential to successful gardening, and Florida soil leaves a lot to be desired.
Good soil is loose and crumbly because it has lots of air spaces.
Good soil is made up of older plants that have died.
Good soil is necessary for optimal plant growth.
Good soil is the determining factor in success and failure.
Good soil is the foundation of a healthy lawn.
Good soil is the key to a great garden.
Good soil is the legacy of pioneer grasses and plants now long gone.
Good soil is the starting point for a garden full of strong healthy plants.
Good soil is very important.
Good soil is vital for healthy growth.
Good soil makes a difference in weed control.
Good soil makes a good foundation for good plants.
Good soil makes for a great harvest.
Good soil makes good roses.
Good soil means lots of worms, and moles are sure to follow.
Good soil needs many pores, varying in size with some holding air and some water.
Good soil produces the best plants, which bear the best crops.
Good soil retains the moisture of the rain.
Good soil sampling and analyses can drastically change fertilizer use on a farmer's fields.
Good soils have significant pores.
Good soles provide a sound grip preventing accidents from slipping.
Good soldiers endure the hardness of battle .
Good soldiers endure the hardness of misunderstanding .
Good soldiers endure the hardness of privation .
Good soldiers like to soldier.
Any good soldier knows that mission always comes first.
Every good soldier has battle gear.
Good solution is pivot stand that fits neatly under the rear and lifts it up a little.
Good solution is to use a CGI-based feedback form.
Good solutions are good for everyone.
Good solutions create fantastic problems.
Good solutions depend on the wisdom, dedication, and enthusiasm of individual teachers.
Good solutions exist today if chosen wisely.
Good solutions offer specific ideas rooted in educational theories.
Good songs are like liquid.
Good songs tell stories.
Good songs tell the truth.
Good songs tend to come back around from time to time.
Good songwriter needs good prodcer.
Good sound depends largely on the acoustic chamber.
Good sound is critical because people simply refuse to listen to bad sound on video.
Good sound is integral to a quality movie.
Good sound is mostly the result of good breathing technique and a relaxed posture from the waist up.
Good sound makes for an interactive experience.
Good sound starts with a good microphone.
Good sound takes up a lot of space.
Good soups are naturally low in calories and rich in flavor and fiber.
Good sources are alfalfa, fresh hops, black cohosh, red clover, licorice root, and soy.
Good sources are butter, margarine, adequate exposure to sunlight and oily fish.
Good sources are butter, margarine, oil and cream.
Good sources are cabbage, cauliflower, spinach and leafy vegetables, cereals, and vegetable oils.
Good sources are cheddar cheese and spinach.
Good sources are citrus fruits, hip berries, acerola, and fresh tea leaves.
Good sources are citrus fruits, tomatoes, vegetables and grain products.
Good sources are citrus fruits, tomatoes, vegetables and grains.
Good sources are citrus fruits, tomatoes, vegetables, and grain products.
Good sources are dairy products and calcium supplements.
Good sources are diary foods such as milk, yogurt, and cheese.
Good sources are egg yolk and avian supplements specifically listing the ingredient.
Good sources are eggs, meat, milk and butter, while exposure of the skin to sunlight is important.
Good sources are fresh fruits, vegetables and wholegrain products.
Good sources are fruits, beans, peas and oats.
Good sources are fruits, vegetables, and whole grains.
Good sources are grass clippings and manure.
Good sources are green leafy vegetables, alfalfa, oat groats, egg-yolk wheat germ and fatty seeds.
Good sources are green leafy vegetables, alfalfa, soybeans, and beet root.
Good sources are hard to find.
Good sources are hay silage, high moisture corn, and corn silage.
Good sources are local nurseries, as well as Web sites and mail-order catalogs.
Good sources are low-fat milk, cheese, dried peas and beans, and dark cola beverages.
Good sources are mackerel, salmon, bluefish, halibut, and herring.
Good sources are meat, fish, fowl, eggs, dairy products and legumes.
Good sources are meats, egg yolk, whole wheat, seafood, green leafy vegetables, nuts and legumes.
Good sources are milk and dairy products, eggs, meat, poultry and shellfish.
Good sources are milk, leafy green vegetables, tofu and fortified soya milk.
Good sources are nearby colleges, political and professional organizations, and businesses.
Good sources are nutritional yeast, dark green leafy vegetables, liver and orange juice.
Good sources are pulses, beans, cheese, free-range eggs, rice and pasta.
Good sources are salmon and flaxseed oil.
Good sources are soy nuts, tofu, soy beans, soy milk, and soy burgers.
Good sources are sunlight and a daily multiple vitamin.
Good sources are trade journals, company annual reports, and recent newspaper and magazine articles.
Good sources are whole grains, green leafy vegetables, nuts, peas and beans.
Good sources cite their information, quotes, statistics and so on.
Many good sources exist for finding chemical data and methods.
Many good sources instructing on proper form for source citation are readily available.
Some good sources are available via the Internet.
Some good sources are backpack suppliers, health food stores, and ethnic grocers.
Some good sources are mushrooms, oysters, apples with skins, prunes , nuts and asparagus.
Some good sources are oats and pulses.
Some good sources are red meat, breakfast cereals fortified with iron, and bread.
Some good sources are TV commercials, rock videos, and movies.
Good space is given to all the other areas, as well, including fantasy and prospects.
Good space is provided and housekeeping, like the rooms, is of a very high standard.
Good spaces attract good tenants.
Good spaces make good neighbors.
Good spammers are extremely difficult to track down.
Good speakers are acknowledged as experts in their fields, thus obtaining customers becomes easier.
Good speakers are confident.
Good speakers are willing to share themselves as well as their ideas.
Good speakers can make anything sound better.
Good speakers pepper their presentations with provocative questions.
Good speakers start with good drivers.
Good speakers supplement their own knowledge and experience with outside research and examples.
Every good speaker does it.
Most good speakers become good speakers through hard work, practice, and determination.
Most good speakers husband their resources, especially when it is getting late.
Good species are in b old in blue .
Good specifications are also key to managing customer expectation rather than being a victim of it.
Good specificity is essential to reduce the amount of combinatorial search during program synthesis.
Good specimens are able to produce large quantities on command.
Good specimens are material brought up by the lungs after a productive cough or nebulization.
Good specimens are solid black with a overlay of brilliant metallic green.
Good specimens have a rich, nutty, mellow flavor.
Good spectra is obtained even with the use of low power lasers.
Good speech is essential for effective communication.
Good speech takes muscle.
Every good speech has a beginning and ending and every good day has one as well.
A good speller is a writer
Good spellers are better readers and writers.
Good spellers are sometimes poor typists.
Good spellers are usually good readers and good speakers and vice versa.
Good spellers have a detailed picture of a word in their mind.
Good spelling is encouraged.
Good spelling is so much more important than fresh breath.
Good spelling means better searches.
Good spins are fast and centered.
Good spinner falls at dark.
Good spinner falls in evenings.
Good spirit changes both the conception and performance of a day.
Good spirit is a guardian angel
Good spirits abound.
Good spirits work to influence people to compete in the market place fairly.
Many good spirits offer help and guidance along the way.
Good sponsors are nowadays very hard to find.
Good sponsorship is quality customer service.
Good sport is about being 'good sports'.
Good sports are indeed winners.
Good sports are small scales.
Good sports are television shows.
Good sports are winners in their own right.
Good sports continue to be welcome in our gym.
Good sports teaches physical skills, mental skills and social skills, along with the myths.
Good sportsmanship begins at home.
Good sportsmanship benefits everyone.
Good sportsmanship implies the willingness to accept and abide by the decision of the officials.
Good sportsmanship implies the willingness to accept and abide by the decisions of the officials.
Good sportsmanship includes cheering for and congratulating others.
Good sportsmanship includes the ability to win and lose gracefully.
Good sportsmanship is a fundamental league requirement for all athletes, coaches and supporters.
Good sportsmanship is a modeling behavior.
Good sportsmanship is a quality of a true athlete.
Good sportsmanship is a requirement of all participants.
Good sportsmanship is always more important than the final score.
Good sportsmanship is appropriate at all times.
Good sportsmanship is as important as good showmanship.
Good sportsmanship is at the top of our list.
Good sportsmanship is concerned with the behavior of all involved in the event.
Good sportsmanship is concerned with the behavior of all involved in the game.
Good sportsmanship is emphasized.
Good sportsmanship is highly respected in Australia.
Good sportsmanship is important.
Good sportsmanship is learned, practiced and executed.
Good sportsmanship is mandatory.
Good sportsmanship is reinforced throughout the program.
Good sportsmanship is required at all times.
Good sportsmanship is required.
Good sportsmanship is something every young athlete needs to learn.
Good sportsmanship is something which requires constant attention.
Good sportsmanship is stressed along with building team spirit.
Good sportsmanship is stressed.
Good sportsmanship is taught through friendly, competitive games.
Good sportsmanship is the foundation of a good society.
Good sportsmanship is the paramount virtue.
Good sportsmanship is to be practiced at all times.
Good sportsmanship is vital to the conduct of every intramural activity.
Good sportsmanship occurs on the playing field.
Good sportsmanship prevails after the match.
Good sportsmanship promotes positive relationships in the club and public awareness.
Good sportsmanship requires self-discipline.
Good sportsmanship seems to be the latest cultural dinosaur facing extinction.
Good spots are just south of the boat ramp and the east shoreline near the dam.
Every good spot is taken.
Good spotters are critical.
Good spotters can help the drivers avoid body damage though.
Good stability is usually possible provided the loop gain is low enough.
Good staff are hard to find - and even harder to keep.
Good staff are one of a company's strongest assets.
Good staff are one of the best sources of more good staff.
Good staff is any company's most valuable resource.
Good stallions are in demand worldwide.
Good stamina is a requisite.
Good stands are essential for high oat yields.
Good stands can be difficult to find.
Good stands help prevent lodging.
Some good stands are difficult to get to or from without alerting deer.
Good standing is defined as having no overdue or other outstanding materials, fines and bills.
Good standing is required by the end of the spring semester of the first year.
Good standing is required to file a Plan of Study and form a thesis committee.
Good standing is resumed upon payment of arrears or by rejoining.
Good stars are to be supported with proper forms to bring out their usefulness.
Good start keep working on it.
Good starts are Milwaukee's specialty.
Good starts can amount to nothing.
Good starters add characteristic flavor and texture to bread products.
Good starters go six and more.
Good statistics are available on advertisers, magazine circulation, etc.
Good statistics are hard to get.
Good statistics are important to perform quality web usage analysis.
Good statistics hide the frailty of the foundation of their entire program.
Good steaks arrive impaled with their temperature sticks.
Good steam is the only way to get a good crust.
Good stews are always in demand.
Good stewards are good neighbors to the whole earth.
Good stewards give of their time.
Good stewards invest assets and therefore take risks.
Good stewardship begins with a clearly stated mission.
Good stewardship enables church leaders to talk about money in ways that transform lives.
Good stewardship implies action directed toward the common good for society and the environment .
Good stewardship involves environmental concerns which require exceptional effort and understanding.
Good stewardship is a priority.
Good stewardship is a way of life.
Good stewardship is about more than giving, however, it is about giving wisely.
Good stewardship is important for maintaining positive relationships with grant makers.
Good stewardship is important for maintaining positive relationships with grantmakers.
Good stewardship is key in both private and public realms.
Good stewardship is one of the most important lessons a student can learn.
Good stewardship leaves the door open for additional funding.
Good stewardship mandates that the biodiversity of nature be preserved.
Good stewardship means developing leaders who are committed and competent.
Good stewardship means treating people with fairness and basic decency.
Good stewardship requires that clothing be practical and affordable.
Good stewardship says to use stuff until it breaks.
Good sticks are worth finding and keeping.
Good stills can make a difference in press coverage and festival prominence.
Good stock is the secret to fabulous sauces, sensational soups, sublime risottos.
Good stocks are almost never really cheap compared to the other stocks at any given time.
Good stocks reflect economic growth, which is the story of America.
Good stokers are special people.
Every good stone is.
Good storage can keep even nitrate film from deteriorating.
Good storage helps keep the pecan's quality.
Good storage is essential.
Good storage is important for perennial varieties.
Most good stores are pleased to assist.
A good story is a joke
Good stories abound.
Good stories act like a tonic to keep a culture s psychosocial circulatory system flowing.
Good stories affect the feelings.
Good stories appeal to anyone.
Good stories are about real people.
Good stories are always useful to youth workers.
Good stories are always welcome.
Good stories are capable of moves.
Good stories are crucial to all media.
Good stories are good stories, no matter how they're categorized.
Good stories are good stories.
Good stories are personal, yet universal, timely, yet timeless.
Good stories are the lyrics of good writing.
Good stories begin and end with good characters.
Good stories can restore comic popularity.
Good stories do that.
Good stories flow naturally from one chapter or scene to the next.
Good stories get better with age.
Good stories go around the world in minutes.
Good stories have endings.
Good stories have villains.
Good stories involve a quest on the part of the protagonist.
Good stories live between the lines, and make something happen up above the page.
Good stories reach beyond culture, gender, age, and race.
Good stories remain to be told, mysteries to be uncovered, and legends to be created.
Good stories reveal as much, or more, about a locale as any map or guidebook.
Good stories take a little time.
Good stories teach values and help children understand and absorb Christian values.
Good stories tell the reader why a problem exists and how it got to be a problem.
Good stories touch our souls.
All good stories are open to interpretation.
All good stories begin with a lineup of the usual suspects taken at the hotel before leaving.
All good stories contain certain elements.
All good stories do.
All good stories have a beginning, a middle and an end.
All good stories have an ending as the saying goes.
All good stories have surprises.
All good stories inspire others to create and share their perception.
All good stories require interesting settings, scenes, plots, and dialogue.
All good stories start out in some peaceful, idyllic setting.
Any good story demands a parody.
Any good story travels and keeps on traveling.
Every good story has a beginning, a middle and an end.
Every good story has a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Every good story has a climax.
Every good story has a good ending.
Every good story has an ending.
Every good story needs a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Every good story needs a beginning, middle, and end.
Every good story needs a protagonist.
Most good stories have villains.
Most good stories say one thing.
Some good stories have movies.
Some good stories have tv movies.
Good storytellers are hard to find.
Good storytellers are usually excellent choices for oral history interviews.
Good storytellers look for opportunities to tell their stories.
Every good storyteller is a good storylistener beforehand.
Good stoves guarantee peace and good fortune while bad stoves can bring strife and misunderstanding.
Some good strains have a mixture of silky coat with the hard which is preferable to a woolly coat.
Good strangers are police officers, teachers and firefighters.
Good strategies are in place to facilitate easy access to all regulatory areas.
Good strategies are retained and inefficient strategies are discarded.
Good strategies are sound, complete and efficient.
Good strategies can help SMEs reach export markets.
Good strategies make for great creative.
Good strategy focuses on insight that helps create value.
Good strategy is essential to win the games.
Good strategy is flexible.
Good strategy is key to football success.
Good strategy is needed to win.
Good strategy leads naturally to good ideas.
Every good strategy has specific quantified action steps.
Good strawberries smell almost as luscious as they taste.
Good street photographs teeter on the edge of chaos.
Good stress contributes to attaining goals and fulfilling commitments.
Good stress is called eustress whereas bad stress is called distress .
Good strokes are important as is tipping off.
Good structure allows the dog greater endurance, flexibility and shock absorption for jumping.
Good structure allows the dog to jump over high obstacles and land with ease.
Good structure helps make an essay easier to follow.
Good structure is a persuasive or logical sequence of the parts in an essay.
Good structure is crucial to an effective garden design.
Good structure is necessary.
Good Structures Are Invisible.
Good students are always good.
Good students are interdependent.
Good students are more likely to remain, contribute and graduate.
Good students are no different from good salespeople.
Good students are scarce resources that are critical to the success of the university.
Good students assign study periods for themselves.
Good students attract other good students.
Good students can achieve technical mastery of the skills of a course or a discipline.
Good students can play great football.
Good students can show surprisingly advanced skills.
Good students come to class prepared .
Good students compete to get into good programs, which in turn attract good new professors.
Good students drive out or ignore bad teaching.
Good students eat, drink, sleep, breathe and dream grades.
Good students get better when they take on leadership roles in groups.
Good students have a choice of many excellent schools.
Good students have ideas and are willing to get involved.
Good students have lots of choice.
Good students know what to read, and make their reading serve the specific ends of writing.
Good students look for, and regularly find, reasons of their own to enjoy what they are asked to do.
Good students make a good program.
Good students make good student employees.
Good students move away.
Good students practice personal and academic integrity.
Good students respect the dignity and opinions of all people.
Good students rise to a challenge.
Good students take active responsibility for their learning.
Good students take notes.
Good students test their recall throughout their studying process.
Good students work to control what happens during their extra time differential.
All good students study.
Every good student knows enough to give exam answers one last look.
Many good students find that getting up a little earlier to study is a big help.
Many good students give up early.
Many good students use a three-column list.
Most good students can expect a combination of aid.
Most good students have a sense of how they manage their time.
Most good students have strategies for studying.
Good studies go to great lengths to minimize the potential for error.
Good stuff abounds here.
Good stuff abounds therein.
Good stuff can happen.
Good stuff comes out of it.
Good stuff costs dough.
Good stuff goes fast.
Good stuff happens here.
Good stuff happens right from the windy start.
Good stuff is happening, it turns out.
Good stuff lasts a long time though.
Good stuff methinks.
Good stuff sells, even in a downturn.
More good stuff is in progress.
More good stuff is on the way.
More good stuff shows up every day.
Some good stuff is downplayed or missed altogether.
Good style counts.
Good style includes the use of functions, modules, and abstract data types where appropriate.
Good style recommends explicitly specifying giving the access-specifier for all base classes.
Good style requires less punctuation than poor style.
Good stylists are good rhetoricians.
Good subs are hard to find.
Good subcommittees contribute to a lighter load and fewer headaches for the moderator.
All good submariners have backup systems.
Good substance makes 'Cherish' an excellent cut flower.
Good substance makes 'First Prize' an excellent cut flower.
All good substances are to be used.
Good subtlety takes maturity.
Good suggestions are welcome .
Good summaries are typically two or three sentences long and paraphrase the article.
Good summaries tend to be short and to the point.
Good sunglasses can eliminate UV rays completely.
Good sunglasses provide safe and comfortable vision.
Good sunlight encourages good development of the oils in the leaves.
Any good supermarket starts with a wide selection.
Good supervision is the art of getting average people to do superior work.
Good supervision is the key to safe exercise programs.
Good supervision requires constant practice.
Good supervision requires good job design.
Good supervision rescues even a poor field education experience.
Good supervisors agonize over the appraisal process.
Good supervisors are the product of experience, learning, and training.
Good supervisors become invisible when the honors go around.
Good supervisors convey enthusiasm, are even-tempered and stable, and work with a calm demeanor.
Good supervisors know their subject matter and their staff.
Good supervisors spend more time, particularly in the first weeks of orientation.
Good supervisors strive to be fair and respectful when resolving conflicts among staff.
Good suppliers are vital to our business.
Good supplies are available for the next three to four weeks.
Good supplies are available for the next two weeks.
Good supplies are available for the rest of the season.
Good supplies are available over the next five to ten days.
Good support can get customers out of a jam when something is wrong.
Good support can mean affordable, professional help around the clock.
Good support is also necessary for working within such dislocations.
Good support is important.
Good support is invaluable to getting through the time around and after diagnosis.
Good support is part of good cancer care.
Good support is provided by the front seats.
Good support is vital.
Good support requires timely response and effective training.
Good support starts with building a solid product.
Good surf is crowded with pillocks.
Good surfers are good sports.
Most good surgeons can adapt to any of the new machines, our experts say.
Some good surprises pop up.
Good surveillance is key to measles eradication.
Good surveys guide.
Any good survey has a purpose in mind.
Good sweets make a perfect ending to a hearty meal or for that matter add sweetness to everything.
Good swimmers are extremely flexible, especially in the shoulders.
GOOD swimmers are more often drowners.
Good swimmers delight in challenging mighty rivers.
Good swimmers hold breaths.
Good swimmers hold underwater breaths.
Most good swimmers hold breaths.
Most good swimmers hold underwater breaths.
Some good swimmers show fear.
Good swimming is found either to left or right of the house.
Good systems are also necessary for disease prevention.
Good systems have more than one shutoff valve.
Good systems produce good results.
Good systems remain pricey.
Good systems result when a Structured Notation is used early in the development.
Good systems skills a key.
Good systems vary.
All good systems require effort to set up and commitment to establish and maintain.
Any good system needs to be able to manipulate and play all the various formats available today.
Every good system needs a name that forms a sexy acronym.
Good tackle is important, but the keenest eyes catch the most fish.
Every good tactician knows there's a fine line between speed and raw power.
Good tales confain fair teachings that can be lifted and used for adressing topics later.
Good tales do that as well.
Good talent is hard to find because it's always being put to good use.
Good talk leads to good sex in long-term, committed relationships.
Good talk rises upon much discipline.
Good talk rises upon much self-discipline.
Good talkers are on the road to becoming good readers.
All good tanks start with a good tank illustration.
Good tannins make it a keeper that can be consumed now or aged for a few years.
Good targets are the Belgium targets.
Good tasks motivate kids to work hard to perform at their highest possible level.
Good taste consists of forming one's own idea about things the very best one can, and following it.
Good taste costs no more.
Good taste is a bad thing.
Good taste is all in the eye of the beholder.
Good taste is another matter entirely.
Good taste is called for here, as well as consideration of the readability of the text.
Good taste is death, vulgarity is life.
Good taste is needed to use the sounds to their best effect.
Good taste is part of style.
Good taste is statutory here.
Good taste is suspect and a passion for the arts is downright un-Australian.
Good taste is the chief criterion, however.
Good taste is the enemy of creativity.
Good taste is the worst vice ever invented.
Good taste prevails.
Good taste proscribes any division that is misleading as to meaning or pronunciation.
Good taste remains a vital factor in consumer acceptance of new healthier foods.
Good taxonomy is essential but the age of the census is unimportant.
Good taxonomy underpins every other branch of biological and biochemical science.
Good taxpayers are excited about it.
Good TEs are hard to find and some programs fail to come up with even one in a class.
Good TEAs depend on good information.
Good teas have their own delightful and distinct fragrances.
Good teachers are a high priority in our nation.
Good teachers are a rare commodity.
Good teachers are active scholars and sharp intellects on campus and off.
Good teachers are active, lifelong learners.
Good teachers are always in quest of a better approach, strategy, or idea.
Good teachers are always interested in what is being done at other schools.
Good teachers are as varied as the methods they use, but they have common characteristics.
Good teachers are aware of the importance of self-concept and daily try to build up each student.
Good teachers are central to a good education system.
Good teachers are comfortable with their students.
Good teachers are concerned that every student learns as much as they can.
Good teachers are costly, but bad teachers cost more.
Good teachers are critical in organizing and motivating students to achieve learning outcomes.
Good teachers are effective teachers.
Good teachers are enthusiastic about their topics and about teaching.
Good teachers are enthusiastic and willing to learn from their students.
Good teachers are essential for maintaining the life of a discipline.
Good teachers are everywhere.
Good teachers are good for different constellations of reasons.
Good teachers are good students.
Good teachers are happy to have prospective students observe classes.
Good teachers are hard to find in cold northern places.
Good teachers are important.
Good teachers are in great demand.
Good teachers are intelligent .
Good teachers are intelligent.
Good teachers are masters of the art of lesson planning.
Good teachers are more important in bringing learning to life than any textbook.
Good teachers are more than the sum of their test scores and college transcripts.
Good teachers are often active, animated, and enthusiastic.
Good teachers are often hard to come by.
Good teachers are one with their subject matter and their students.
Good teachers are passionate about what they do.
Good teachers are rare.
Good teachers are reflective thinkers themselves.
Good teachers are scarce.
Good teachers are severely underpaid.
Good teachers are the antidote to inner critics.
Good teachers are the cornerstone of our schools, and they deserve to be paid what they are worth.
Good teachers are the keys to any worthwhile educational reform.
Good teachers are themselves reflective thinkers.
Good teachers are thinkers and problem solvers.
Good teachers are willing to collaborate with other professionals for the good of the class.
Good teachers are zealots.
Good teachers attempt to discover the best route into the student's consciousness.
Good teachers balance their efforts to include instruction in both.
Good teachers believe that their pupils can do anything.
Good teachers can do more to improve student performance than anything else.
Good teachers change the pace of learning and instruction.
Good teachers communicate with other teachers and with the student s parents.
Good teachers cost a lot, but poor teachers cost a lot more.
Good teachers couldn t imagine doing anything else.
Good teachers create a learning community in which their students challenge each other.
Good teachers create learning journeys for students.
Good teachers create more problems than they can solve.
Good teachers create new ways to engage students in learning.
Good teachers demand and give respect.
Good teachers demonstrate care by how they attend when one child has hurt another.
Good teachers deserve incentives to remain within the teaching ranks.
Good teachers deserve raises.
Good teachers do extra research to teach students better .
Good teachers do more than convey knowledge in a field.
Good teachers do that.
Good teachers do work very hard.
Good teachers encourage the reporting of bullying.
Good teachers encourage the 'telling of tales'.
Good teachers exhibit both traits.
Good teachers expect students to demonstrate deep understanding.
Good teachers fashion the souls of others by contact with their own soul.
Good teachers feel very frustrated or get angry when uncaring or incompetent colleagues continue.
Good teachers find all manner of ways to motivate children.
Good teachers get right down to business.
Good teachers get the best out of each of their students.
Good teachers get their students involved in the experience of learning.
Good teachers give students more than information.
Good teachers go the extra mile to be sure students have learned what is necessary.
Good teachers go way beyond the call of duty.
Good teachers have a job to do.
Good teachers have a lot of good qualities, including guts.
Good teachers have a sharing, giving personality.
Good teachers have an intuitive grasp of teaching and learning.
Good teachers have enthusiasm, compassion, and are able to conquer barriers of boredom.
Good teachers have few discipline problems.
Good teachers have good systems of pedagogy.
Good teachers have lots of experiences with children, parents, and educational activities.
Good teachers have no fear of being replaced by technology. . . .
Good teachers have nothing to fear from results-based school reform.
Good teachers have nothing to worry about.
Good teachers have objectives in mind when they set their lessons up.
Good teachers have standards in mind when they plan and present instruction.
Good teachers have teachable spirits.
Good teachers have the same outlook.
Good teachers have to find a way to motivate students to learn the material.
Good teachers help create good students.
Good teachers invite critique and questions.
Good teachers join self and subject and students in the fabric of life.
Good teachers know and care deeply about the subjects they teach.
Good teachers know that.
Good teachers leave a little creative tension in the air the whole hour.
Good teachers let their students know they care deeply about whether the kids succeed.
Good teachers lie at the heart of good computer-based learning.
Good teachers like to discuss things 'on the fly' as they occur.
Good teachers looks for opportunities to build on the interests and successes of their students.
Good teachers love their subject matter.
Good teachers love to teach.
Good teachers make better schools.
Good teachers make for better doctors.
Good teachers make it a point to be current.
Good teachers make learning easy and fun.
Good teachers make learning engaging.
Good teachers make learning fun.
Good teachers make school fun.
Good teachers make students care, and they make students work hard too.
Good teachers make sure their students gain recognition for their success.
Good teachers matter a lot when it comes to student learning.
Good teachers matter in student achievement.
Good teachers monitor their students' learning and reteach students when necessary.
Good teachers motivate students, recruit majors, and represent a discipline in the classroom.
Good teachers practice teaching.
Good teachers probe the class, asking and answering questions.
Good teachers produce good students.
Good teachers realize that they set the tempo for learning in the classroom.
Good teachers receive public recognition in a variety of ways.
Good teachers reflect on their experiences.
Good teachers remain an essential ingredient in language learning.
Good teachers remain students.
Good teachers sacrifice for their students also.
Good teachers see the world through the eyes of adults and also through the eyes of children.
Good teachers seek ways to connect students to content.
Good teachers share certain qualities that parents can recognize.
Good teachers share information with each other.
Good teachers share their knowledge and arouse the curiosity of their students.
Good teachers solve many classroom problems through discussions with their peers.
Good teachers tend to beat themselves up for anything less than perfection.
Good teachers think about their kids first.
Good teachers understand the developmental needs of their students.
Good teachers use celebration all the time in the classroom.
Good teachers use different strategies at different times for different purposes.
Good teachers use proximity well.
Good teachers use scaffolding to support students in learning to achieve a goal or process.
Good teachers work the room and every student in it.
All good teachers are concerned that theirstudents are prepared and perform well.
All good teachers are master artists.
All good teachers have one thing in common, which is their ability to learn.
All good teachers have the same basic teaching competencies.
All good teachers know that theoretical scholarship is essential to successful teaching.
All good teachers think for themselves.
All good teachers understand the importance of finding time for their students.
Any good teacher needs a certain amount of theater.
Every good teacher is a student of students.
Every good teacher takes time to find out something about their students.
Good teaching can and needs to be learned, and good learning can and needs to be taught.
Good teaching comes from good learning.
Good teaching comes from the heart, from a deep center of caring for subjects and students.
Good teaching comes from the identity and integrity of the teacher.
Good teaching comes from the identity and the integrity of the teacher.
Good teaching does two things.
Good teaching encourages students to desire to learn.
Good teaching ensures that a rapport develops between students and teacher.
Good teaching explains why.
Good teaching goes hand in hand with the well conceived use of technology.
Good teaching has a measurable impact on the performance of students.
Good teaching has a sense of humor within it.
Good teaching has to adjust to the specifics and the particularities of a given setting.
Good teaching includes adaptability to a variety of circumstances.
Good teaching includes finding ways to give helpful feedback.
Good teaching infuses good research, just as good research infuses good teaching.
Good teaching involves a lot more than just knowing the subject matter.
Good teaching involves active listening and a willingness to learn new things.
Good teaching involves capturing and harnessing the interest of students.
Good teaching involves creating the environment for high quality learning.
Good teaching involves invention, problem solving, knowledge worrying and ongoing revision.
Good teaching is a prerequisite for reduced test taking apprehension.
Good teaching is a priority of the university.
Good teaching is a reliable guide to good evaluation.
Good teaching is about caring, nurturing and developing minds and talents.
Good teaching is about caring, nurturing, and developing minds and talents.
Good teaching is about substance and treating students as consumers of knowledge.
Good teaching is also about bridging the gap between theory and practice.
Good teaching is also about briding the gap between theory and practice.
Good teaching is also about style.
Good teaching is also incomplete without learning.
Good teaching is also infinitely varied.
Good teaching is an acquired skill, thus it needs to be evaluated and updated on a regular basis.
Good teaching is an endless process of reinventing the wheel.
Good teaching is as much about passion as it is about reason.
Good teaching is at the heart of good education.
Good teaching IS brain surgery.
Good teaching is built on examples and anecdotes.
Good teaching is easy to recognise but hard to measure.
Good teaching is emphasized.
Good teaching is even harder.
Good teaching is good teaching and bad teaching is bad teaching.
Good teaching is good teaching.
Good teaching IS good teaching.
Good teaching is harder than mediocre teaching.
Good teaching is invisible.
Good teaching is more a giving of right questions than a giving of right answers.
Good teaching is more important than good hardware.
Good teaching is most often messy.
Good teaching is neither obvious nor simplistic.
Good teaching is of primary importance to the medical school's administration.
Good teaching is one fourth preparation and three fourths theatre.
Good teaching is one of the ways institutions compete for students.
Good teaching is reflected in good outcomes.
Good teaching is situational, yet it promotes the long-term development of the student.
Good teaching is the art of getting average students to do superior work.
Good teaching is the foundation for successful coaching.
Good teaching is the product of skills and experiences over time.
Good teaching is very much like good cooking.
Good teaching is what education is all about.
Good teaching is work.
Good teaching liberates students from their teachers after all.
Good teaching makes learning easy and, to some degree, fun.
Good teaching means fostering learning that satisfies a craving inside the student.
Good teaching means providing good questions.
Good teaching needs to be noisy at times.
Good teaching provides the information.
Good teaching requires a structure that takes the child's context and ability into account.
Good teaching requires interaction and feedback.
Good teaching requires little more than books, paper and pencils, and fine teachers.
Good teaching requires making many thoughtful decisions from a variety of complex choices.
Good teaching requires planning, preparation, delivery and reflection if it is to succeed.
Good teaching requires similar preparation.
Good teaching requires the use of both technology and hands-on experiences.
Good teaching requires the use of several models together in order to represent the math facts.
Good teaching requires thoughtful preparation, careful delivery, and reflective evaluation.
Good teaching takes long hours, hard work, and risk-taking.
All good teaching is an extended commercial.
Good team play is different from good team play in college.
Good teams adjust and find a way to win.
Good teams are able to achieve true synergy and their output is more than just the sum of the parts.
Good teams are teams that trust themselves, teams that are courageous.
Good teams are teams where everyone works together to help each other.
Good teams become great ones by working in concert.
Good teams bounce back from bad games.
Good teams bounce back.
Good teams build good records by coming back from losses.
Good teams can still make a good game out of that.
Good teams capitalize on mistakes.
Good teams capitalize on other team's mistakes.
Good teams come back.
Good teams develop that patience to attack until the defense breaks down.
Good teams do that.
Good teams do.
Good teams execute their way out.
Good teams figure they'll find a way to win.
Good teams find a way to do that.
Good teams find a way to get it done.
Good teams find a way to win big games.
Good teams find a way to win the tight games, no matter the opponent.
Good teams find a way to win.
Good teams find ways and Buffalo found a way.
Good teams find ways to exploit teams and they did that.
Good teams get better down the stretch.
Good teams get off their game - some a lot easier than others.
Good teams go unnoticed.
Good teams have a good quarterback to push the team to victory.
Good teams have a mixture of mathematical talent, writing ability, and computer skills.
Good teams have a well defined mission .
Good teams have good balance of skills and abilities.
Good teams have hearts.
Good teams have to have good depth.
Good teams have to have that killer instinct.
Good teams keep playing hard from the time the ball is thrown up until the final buzzer goes off.
Good teams keep their composure at the end even when the fans get into it.
Good teams know how to walk that line.
Good teams make an adjustment and they did.
Good teams make plays.
Good teams make runs.
Good teams make the breaks go their way.
Good teams make the plays some of the time, great teams make the plays all the time.
Good teams overcome adversity.
Good teams overcome bad plays.
Good teams play better the next game.
Good teams put teams away.
Good teams recover and adjust.
Good teams rise to the level of their opponents.
Good teams score.
Good teams share some basic elements.
Good teams step up in late-game situations and put the ball in the basket.
Good teams step up when a key player goes down.
Good teams survive.
Good teams take advantage their opponents' miscues, proving their worth as legitimate contenders.
Good teams understand that there are ebbs and flows to hockey games.
Good teams win at home and are tough to beat on the road.
Good teams win close baseball games.
Good teams win close games.
Good teams win consistently.
Good teams win in the cold.
Good teams win in the eighth and ninth innings.
Good teams win in the paint.
Good teams win on the road.
Good teams win one, outstanding teams win two, and a few truly great teams win three.
All good teams bounce back, and they are a good team.
All good teams have killer instincts and they showed it today.
All good teams have production on at least one side.
All good teams have spotters with the ability to give out quick and accurate number calls.
All good teams make a run.
All good teams settle themselves and come together.
Any good team building program needs to be fun.
Any good team can beat another good one in golf.
Any good team can lose.
Any good team has ways of communicating efficiently.
Any good team needs diversity.
Every good team has to have that guy.
Every good team needs a name.
Good teamwork involves the use of good communications.
Good teamwork is a powerful general tool for preventing errors and reducing their impact.
Good teamwork is essential, and when a performance goes well, it is really uplifting.
Good teamwork requires good team chemistry.
Good teamwork takes time, patience and constant attention to detail.
Good technicians are hard to find.
Good technique accounts for at least fifty per cent of being a good rower.
Good technique can make a job easy and safe.
Good technique contains in itself the seeds of musicianship.
Good technique is anything that is the fastest, and can be consistently repeated on race day.
Good technique is critical to good video.
Good technique is essential.
Good technique is mandatory to obtain high quality imagery.
Good technique is one of the most important ways to avoid injury.
Good technique is the foundation for good programming.
Good technique is the result of training, experience and skill.
Good technique requires plenty of practice and experience.
Good technique requires the knowledge and control of many conventional forms and devices.
Good techniques are vital for establishing a successful landscape.
Good techniques exist for area estimation.
Good techno is the modern minimalism.
Good technologies bring greater capacity to teachers.
Good technology can send information when and where it is needed without human intervention.
Good technology coupled with bad process equals bad systems.
Good technology has to be personal and self-expressive.
Good technology is always available.
Good technology is always on .
Good technology is always on.
Good technology is invisible.
Good technology is modular .
Good technology is modular.
Good technology is personalized .
Good technology is personalized.
Good technology is simple.
Good technology is standardized .
Good technology is standardized.
Good telescopes are precise pieces of scientific equipment.
Any good telescope can change it's magnification by simply changing the eyepiece.
Most good telescopes are too big.
Good television is never predictable.
A good temper is mood
Good temper is a mean with respect to anger.
Good temperament is our top priority.
Good temperament is their most important feature, apart from strength.
All good temples have a secret door trap.
Good tempo comes from practice, and creativity.
Good tenants foster good tenant-landlord relations.
Good tenants hate bad tenants.
Good tenants maintain a position of trust and good faith.
Good tenants pay the rent, have jobs, are good neighbors and law-abiding.
Good terms have no value in the absence of a good price.
Good territories are still available in Massachusetts and New York.
Good tests are hard to come by.
Good tests can also provide important information to parents about a child' s strengths and needs.
Good tests define the curriculum as a whole.
All good tests get good grades.
Every good tester knows that unit testing is important.
Good testimonials serve to calm the prospect's fears.
Good text needs graphics.
Good texts provide several points of view on some issues relevant to libertarianism.
Good theater is a right-now experience.
Good theater is like having sex.
Good theater is possible even when themes are aimed at children.
Good theater takes an audience beyond mere escapism into the realm of vicarious experience.
Good theatre inspires discussion.
Good theatre is about transformation.
Good theatre is available, featuring drama, live musicals and films.
Good theatre is good collaboration.
Good themes are clear, direct, relevant, timely, and honest.
Good theology is like an anchor that keeps a ship from running aground in a storm.
Good theology is the foundation of great doxology.
Good theology needs to spread through the whole church.
Good theology requires contemplation, study, and even debate.
All good theology ends on a hopeful note.
All good theology has practical application.
Good theories are always subject to refinement and evolution as more is learned.
Good theories are helpful.
Good theories are the hallmark of any science.
Good theories can stimulate good experiments.
Good theories solve old riddles and open new lines of inquiry.
Good theory relies on good analysis of the situation.
Good theory requires arealist interpretation and correction.
Most good theories raise other intriguing questions.
Most good therapists work with their clients to develop treatment goals.
Good therapy can help tremendously here.
Good therapy focuses on the present and future rather than dwelling on the past.
Good therapy helps a person unlock their strengths to face the challenges of life.
Good therapy is good therapy.
Good therapy mobilizes friends and family relationships as sources of strength to draw upon.
Good therapy requires much more than attention.
Good therapy seeks to understand the way that a symptom developed as a solution.
All good therapy takes a long time and involves delving into the past.
Good thermometers have the different temps for different candle types.
Good Thief Come Home .
Good thing goes quickly.
Good thing is it was still relatively dry.
Good thing is that it holds the tray steady, so dampens vibrations.
Good thing is that newer units have backlit on the LCD, which is very comfortable.
Good thing is the yahoo email account is free.
Good thing is, forests start with high elevation.
Good Thing Leads to Another.
Good things are about to happen here.
Good things are better.
Good things are definitely in store for the program.
Good things are great.
Good things are happening in our schools and our students are there to participate.
Good things are happening, so come and be a part of it.
Good things are hard to keep.
Good things are in store for big center.
Good things are in store for China.
Good things are in the works for emergency communications preparedness in Mississippi.
Good things are in the works, namely with invidia and sensaura.
Good things are just a mouse click away.
Good things are just around the corner.
Good things are more powerful than bad.
Good things are never free people.
Good things are on the horizon folks, stay tuned.
Good things are stressful, too.
Good things are sure to come.
Good Things Are Sure To Follow.
Good things are to come.
Good things are worth the effort of hard work.
Good things are worth the wait.
Good things are worth waiting for.
Good Things Begin On-line chat with stars , business giants and personalities.
Good things belong to no one people or nation.
Good things bring on good things.
Good things can also happen to teams that are smart.
Good things can arise from difficulties and trials.
Good things can become idols.
Good things can come from bad things such as depression.
Good things can come in small packages.
Good things can come out of that.
Good things can happen for what began as bad reasons.
Good things can happen from bad events.
Good things can happen here.
Good things can happen in large groups, too.
Good things can happen in numbers.
Good things can happen to failing eyes.
Good things can happen to good people, and every once in a while, nice guys can finish first.
Good things can happen.
Good things catch on quickly.
Good things come .
Good Things Come .
Good things come by keeping each other whole.
Good things come from all that loving.
Good things come from big commitments.
Good things come from hard work, but sometimes it takes a bit longer than anticipated.
Good things come from hard work.
Good things come from it, they really do.
Good things come from Sweden, besides Nobel prizes.
Good things come from that.
Good things come from trying.
Good things come in all sizes.
Good things come in inexpensive packages.
Good things come in large and small packages.
Good things come in mediocre packages.
Good things come in return for good deeds.
Good things come in simple packages.
Good things come in small groups .
Good things come in small packages and our special packages mix good times with reasonable prices.
Good things come in small packages like a new pencil.
Good things come in small packages, but they can cost a bundle.
Good things come in small packages, so they say.
Good things come in small packages, though.
Good things come in small packages.
Good things come in small packs.
Good things come in small parcels.
Good things come in small planets.
Good things come in small sugarcoated packages.
Good things come in small sugar-coated packages.
Good things come in small-sugarcoated packages.
Good things come in tens.
Good things come in threes for Central Kentucky's classical music lovers.
Good things come in threes.
Good Things come in threes.
Good things come in twos, at least for Web database developers.
Good things come out of bad things though.
Good things come out of the South.
Good things come slow - especially in distance running.
Good things come slow and steady, and Tripoli grew slow and steady.
Good things come to an end, but they can lead to more good things.
Good things come to an end, though.
Good things come to folks that wait.
Good things come to golfers who wait.
Good things come to good people.
Good things come to people that wait.
Good things come with hard work.
Good things continue to come our way.
Good things die hard.
Good things do come from Jersey.
Good things do come in small packages.
Good things do happen sometimes.
Good things do happen to good folks.
Good things do happen to good people, at least once in a while.
Good things do happen to good people, because life is truly a boomerang.
Good things do happen to good people.
Good things do happen.
Good things do in fact come in small packages.
Good things do indeed come in small packages.
Good things do seem unlikely.
Good things do sometimes come from the East Coast.
Good things exist without question.
Good things flow the other way as well.
Good things grow out of adversity.
Good things happen at both places.
Good things happen because optimistic people do crazy things.
Good things happen down there and good things are on the horizon.
Good things happen each day.
Good things happen here all the time.
Good things happen here and our newest addition has been the pottery.
Good things happen here every day.
Good things happen in nature, and only evil comes of the big cities.
Good things happen in threes.
Good things happen sometime.
Good things happen to bad people and vice versa.
Good things happen to bad people.
Good things happen to good people who work hard.
Good things happen to good people.
Good things happen to infill real estate.
Good things happen to people in good units.
Good things happen to people who are doing good things.
Good things happen to people who are motivated to win.
Good things happen to people who can create story magic.
Good things happen to people who can wait.
Good things happen to people who love animals.
Good things happen to people who put the work in.
Good things happen to people who work hard to make good things happen.
Good things happen to people who work hard.
Good things happen when countries open up their markets and stay committed to democracy.
Good things happen when friends are part of each other's lives.
Good things happen when good people take action.
Good things happen when people act on good motives.
Good things happen when people are motivated to improve.
Good things happen when people care.
Good things happen when people get involved.
Good things happen when people work together to support students learning.
Good things happen when they forecheck and apply good puck pressure.
Good things happen when writers share their experiences and ideas with other writers.
Good things happen, too.
Good things happen.
Good things have many imitators and are followed by many improvements.
Good Things is a fantastic combination of lead vocals, harmonies, and background energy.
Good things keep rolling, help club football.
Good things like to be with a good person.
Good things loom on the horizon, too.
Good things loom.
Good things open up when everyone's moving.
Good things scandalize none but an evil mind.
Good things seem possible.
Good things seem to come in bunches, but so does the bad.
Good things seem to come in threes.
Good things start off small.
Good things start small.
Good things start to happen.
Good things take a long time.
Good things take sometimes a long time to arrive.
Good things take time .
Good things take time and never happen over night.
Good things take time to develop.
Good things take time.
Good things usher in joy, bad things bring on pain.
All good thing have to come to an end, at least for a while.
All good things are . . .
All good things are wild and free.
All good things are wild, and free.
All good things are worth fighting for.
All good things are worth waiting for.
All good things come about as a result of good ideas and perseverance.
All good things come at a price.
All good things come from above.
All good things come in threes, and on occasion, also in fours.
All good things come in threes.
All good things come to an end and historical performance is no firm indicator of what lies ahead.
All good things come to an end at some time.
All Good Things Come to an End Creating cash for death.
All good things come to an end or a new beginning.
All good things come to an end some time.
All good things come to an end sometime.
All good things come to an end though, and indoctrination is no different.
All good things come to an end, and the Roman Empire was no exception.
All good things come to an end, dear reader.
All good things come to an end, however, and now it's time to say goodbye to blogfudge .
All good things come to an end, however.
All good things come to an end.
All good things come with a price though.
All good things do come at a cost.
All good things do come in time.
All good things do come to an end once in a while.
All good things do come to an end.
All good things end.
All good things flow from putting Race first.
All good things have costs.
All good things have small beginnings.
All good things have to come to an end sometime though.
All good things have to come to an end.
All good things have to have an end.
All good things involve threes.
All good things start from shots from the point.
All good things take a little effort.
All good things take a little work and patience.
All good things take time to cultivate.
All good things take time to mature.
All good things take time, so exhibit patience while the transition takes place.
All good things take time.
Every good thing is imitated and couterfeited.
Many good things can happen in and because of twenty-three discussion sessions and six lectures.
Many good things compete for the pastor's attention.
Many good things happen as a result of careful and long range planning.
Many good things happen as a result of careful and long-range planning.
Many good things happen throughout the day, which makes it an almost happy one.
Many good things have.
Some good things are - pieces of soft fruit, plain cracker biscuits, toast or bread.
Some good things last a lifetime.
Some good things take time.
Good thinkers are proactive and devise strategies to advance their learning.
Good thinkers learn quickly, adapt to change easily and accomplish remarkable things.
Good thinkers take love to heart like gold in the evening wild sun.
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bad fruit.
Good thoughts bear good fruit.
Good thoughts bring forth good actions, bad ones bad actions.
Good thoughts bring forth good fruit.
Good thoughts bring good reaction and bad thoughts bring bad reaction.
Good thoughts bring good things.
Good thoughts can generate good words which in turn lead to good deeds.
Good thoughts create positive vibrations.
Good thoughts help.
Good thoughts lead to new business.
Good thoughts produce good character.
Every good thought is a prayer.
Good throughput requires LiF coatings on the optics and open-window detectors.
Good thumbnails help the user find a specific page in a document for viewing.
Good tickets are easier to get here.
Good tickets are still available so order now.
Good tickets are still available.
Good tilth allows delicate seedlings to get a good start.
Good tilth promotes better root development and water storage.
Good timber is abundant.
Good timbers are also well advised.
Good time depends on a multitude of factors impossible to predict.
Good time helps keep' em dancing.
Good time is experience
Good time is experience.
Good time is shivering, most of the time.
Good time is the memorization of space.
Good time leads to weekend leaves or early release, both of which reduce corporate revenues.
Good time trialling abilities are of course crucial in any stage race.
Good times abound for awhile.
Good times abound, and the days are filled with camaraderie, learning, nature and laughter.
Good times are ahead.
Good times are always in season in Eastern Iowa.
Good times are as much a part of love as bad times.
Good times are at dawn, before the city wakes up, and dusk.
Good times are back.
Good times are better with good friends.
Good times are close at hand.
Good times are even better when shared with a friend.
Good times are even better when they're shared.
Good times are here.
Good times await on a Trafalgar tour.
Good times await.
Good times breed robust, strong competition.
Good times bring individuals with disposable cash and strong urges to collect.
Good times call for party drinks and good party drinks can add up to really good times.
Good times can cover up bad policy, but only for a limited time.
Good times can keep a number of leaky vessels afloat.
Good times can lead to tax reform, too.
Good times come and so do the bad.
Good times come easy.
Good times end too quickly.
Good times follow bad.
Good times form the backdrop for the election.
Good times guaranteed Painted, pretty and poised, Sydney is ready to party.
Good times happen all the time in Deadwood.
Good times happen and bad times happen.
Good times increase population until it has little capacity to withstand bad times.
Good times is the answer so stop worrying and start living.
Good times lie just over the horizon . . .
Good times mask poor performance.
Good times means a lower crime rate.
Good times tend to cover up problems.
Good times tend to make people intractable.
All good times come to an end and the last night out was indeed the best night.
Every good time has to come to an end.
Good timing can help.
Good timing comes from practice.
Good timing comes with good preparation.
Good timing explains a lot.
Good timing helps make a briefing successful.
Good timing helps.
Good timing is a goal toward which every investor strives.
Good timing is a product of consistently producing good rhythm and tempo.
Good timing is critical.
Good timing is the secret to selling success.
Good timing requires effective communication between engine and ladder companies.
Good timings provide very precise surveyor s reference points on the lunar terrain.
Good tinder needs only a spark to ignite it.
Good tips ensure good people working behind a tip jar.
Good tires are essential and be sure to check the pressure.
Good tires are very important also.
Good tires mean good traction, a smooth ride, quality handling and most of all a good value.
Good titles are always good.
Good titles help.
Many good titles have bibliographies.
Good tone is active .
Good tone is control over notes that is done by the player.
Good tone makes a muscle both ready to move and resistant to fatigue .
Good tone means different things to different people.
Good tools allow users to do stupid things.
Good tools are better than standard tools.
Good tools are critical for providing effective service.
Good tools are essential too.
Good tools are essential.
Good tools are the mark of a good technician.
Good tools are transparent.
Good tools can have a huge influence on the ease of parallel program development.
Good tools can help to foster good habits while bringing about results.
Good tools can make a seemingly intransigent bug appear obvious.
Good tools engage teachers in ongoing professional learning.
Good tools expand kids' view of the possible.
Good tools goes a low way towards keeping people from becoming lusers or trolls in the first place.
Good tools help.
Good tools make better games faster.
Good tools make Gardening easier.
Good tools set up correctly, allow even a beginner to feel that they can do good work.
Any good tool has the ability to be misused.
Many good tools are available in the market place.
Good topics are neither too broad or too narrow.
Good topics have some elements of mystery or controversy.
Some good topics are advancement, benefits, and the future of the company.
Good tortillas make wraps a cinch for dinner.
Good tournaments fill up very quickly.
Good toys are nylabones, raggers, and a rubber 'kong' which can be stuffed with treats.
Good toys are safe, durable and open-ended.
Good toys can do all that and more.
Good toys inspire, enlighten and endure, and they're fun, too.
Some good toys make the job fun a satellite truck, a news helicopter and several live trucks.
Good tracks produce good cricket and that in turn produces good cricketers.
Good trackers keep track of their own perceptions.
Good trackers read their surroundings as easily as most people read books.
Good traction is important .
Good trade makes good friends.
Good traders blend the two.
Good traders can sense that.
Good traders give good advice, bad traders give bad advice.
Good traders know when to stand aside.
Good traders sense the market's direction and quickly get in front of the momentum.
Any good trader has to have a good handle on math.
Good trading is almost as important as good playing.
Good trading is repetitive and pretty dull.
Good traditions are difficult to establish and harder still to sustain.
Good trailers start around at least four hundred dollars.
Good trainers are good problem solvers.
Good trainers are often controversial.
Good trainers can react correctly.
Good trainers make good citizens.
Good training achieves significant returns on investment.
Good training can do part of the job, but the rest is up to the individual.
Good training can mold confident techies.
Good training can provide much more information.
Good training can reduce the risks from construction and maintenance to almost zero.
Good training inculcates manners that produce a cohesive society.
Good training is available at a reasonable cost.
Good training is available for psychologists in psychopharmacology.
Good training is critical to the success of the census.
Good training is designed and targeted for the particular group participating.
Good training is flexible and suits the needs of the dog and the owner.
Good training is one key to maintaining forces that are strong, ready and flexible.
Good training is the key to success.
Good training is three-quarters of the battle, the rest is luck and talent.
Good training leads to a long list of advantages.
Good training leads to common understanding and perceptions.
Good training leads to remarkable payback on computer use.
Good training leads to self-confidence, production and compliance.
Good training makes complicated and complex tasks seem simple.
Good training makes for a strong force.
Good training makes for successful installations.
Good training makes the difference on both counts.
Good training means learning from mistakes and allowing plenty of room for professional growth.
Good training means safe working .
Good training occurs daily.
Good training promotes good morale.
Good training requires developing ones skills of observation.
Good training starts with good design.
Good training uses shades of many types of skills and knowledge from many areas.
Good transit allows people to go out and have fun without worrying about operating a car.
Good transitions are important in any kind of writing, but especially in speeches.
Good transitions can cure that problem.
Good transitions connect ideas.
Good transitions show the relation between parts of a speech.
Good translation is available.
Good translations are part of good customer service for any international company.
Good translations can make a difference.
Good translators are also good writers.
Good translators edit and proofread as they go, which is far more efficient and cost-effective.
Good transparency is nice but stability is more important.
Good transplants are about a quarter-inch thick.
Good transplants establish rapidly in the field through rapid root growth.
Good transport is essential to a better environment and our quality of life.
Good transport is needed to get people to work and many jobs are based on extensive travel.
Good transportation can do that.
Good transportation improves the quality of life for people.
Good transportation is always at the top of the list.
Good transportation is required.
Good travel is matchless liberal education.
Every good traveller's for the taking.
Good treadmills provide a firm but forgiving ride.
Good treatment allows normal health and development.
Good treatment means first learning a skill.
Good treatments are available for most arrhythmias.
Good treatments come in small packages.
Good treatments exist.
Good trees cost a lot.
Good trees produce good fruit, and evil trees produce evil fruit.
Good trees produce good fruit, and rotten trees produce rotten fruit.
Good trees produce good fruit, and rotten trees, bad fruit.
Every good tree bears good fruit, and a rotten tree bears bad fruit.
Every good tree bears good fruit, but a bad tree bears bad fruit.
Every good tree brings forth good fruit.
Every good tree produces fine fruit, but a bad tree produces lousy fruit.
Good triangles are an intermediate pattern, taking from one to three months to form.
All good tricks are never atomic, unchangable entities.
Good truck scales.
Good trustees give sacrificially.
Any good try is worth some points.
Good tubes can sound like ass without a new driver.
Most good tuners provide documentation inside the piano on their card or inside the piano bench.
A good turn is a favor
Good Turn Pick up all the wrenches on the bottom.
Good tutors are hard to find and often unavailable.
Good tutors can always find multiple routes to the same goal.
Good tutorials address a specific objective and provide new information including lots of examples.
Good TV is subtle.
Good typists become speed demons.
Most good typists report that it's a wonderful feature.
Good typography depends on the balance between background and text.
Good typography is readable.
Good tyres help.
Good umpires know when to expect a squeeze play.
Good uniform stands also mean uniform harvest dates and more efficiency of production.
Good units attract quality people.
Any good unit portrays itself authentically.
Good universities survive such setbacks.
Good upholstery makes the room comfortable.
Good uses are flashlights, radios, photo flashes, handheld games, beepers, etc.
Good usability helps to make difficult tasks simple.
Good usability is found in easy to follow navigation and strong, simple site structure .
Good usability is the first priority of any user interface designer.
Good usability means good user experience.
Good usage begins early in life and is a never-ending process.
Good use is made here of local studies.
Good use is made of distortion, delay, and wah.
Good use is made of hypertext.
Good use is made of illustrations to explain various optical principles.
Good use is made of measurement, math, and graphing.
Good use is made of numerous diagrams and figures to enhance the clarity of the points made.
Good use is made of photographs.
Good use is made of pupils' work in laboratories.
Good use is made of resources, and display material around the department is good.
Good use is made of the fruits that occur in profusion.
Good use is made of the media and promotional events.
Good use is made of the stage, with events in the foreground and background given proper emphasis.
Good use is made of the tone colors of the various instruments.
Good use is made of video presentations, field visits and talks by outside speakers.
Good users guide to city records, plus listings of varied sources.
Good utilities are hard to find.
Good utility Does what it says.
Good vacuums form tight seals that keep liquid in and air and microorganisms out.
Good vacuums form tight seals which keep liquid in and air and microorganisms out.
Good value is likely to be there.
Good value is measured by far more than only price.
Good value matters greatly, as does the standard trappings of home.
Good value saves money year after year.
Good value wines Some more in our occasional series about good value wines from around the world.
Good values do arise from time to time.
Good values encompass all ethnic groups, cultures and faiths.
Good Values Enter in data formatted as the interface requires.
Good values lead to increased patient satisfaction and better quality of care.
Some good values affect business.
Good vampires execute justice and kill and drink the blood of evil mortals.
Good vanilla aromas with a maraschino cherry flavor and a luscious mouth feel.
Good vanilla oak essences in the aroma.
Good variables are blue, red, navy, green, ect.
Good varieties are popular as a dessert fruit and for the preparation of various drinks.
Good vectors feed preferentially on humans, indoors, evening.
Good vegetables are radishes, carrots, green beans, peas, zucchini, and other bite-ables.
Good velvet wears fairly well and is inexpensive.
Good vendors are hard to find.
Good vendors are nice to have too.
Good vents are also very important.
Good ventilation allows the humidity to escape, and in a few minutes, the air is dry again.
Good ventilation can reduce the number of droplets in the air.
Good ventilation can then carry moisture laden air outside the home.
Good ventilation ensures proper heat dissipation.
Good ventilation exists, especially when sanding.
Good ventilation helps to keep barns dry.
Good ventilation helps.
Good ventilation is a big advantage, especially on long skating sessions.
Good ventilation is a key to good burning.
Good ventilation is a requirement of the shelter of the future.
Good ventilation is also vital.
Good ventilation is always important.
Good ventilation is critical for successful grain fed veal production.
Good ventilation is critical.
Good ventilation is crucial.
Good ventilation is essential and the best start is with the mesh floor.
Good ventilation is essential for a safe studio.
Good ventilation is essential to rapidly remove water vapor.
Good ventilation is essential to the rapid removal of water vapor.
Good ventilation is essential with all brooding systems but especially partial-house brooding.
Good ventilation is essential with all brooding systems, but especially partial-house brooding.
Good ventilation is essential.
Good ventilation is important both for cooling and odor dissipation.
Good ventilation is important for the foal's respiratory health, but drafts are undesirable.
Good ventilation is important in all equine accommodation, but vital for the COPD patient.
Good ventilation is important in preventing the build-up of biological particles.
Good ventilation is important in the final drying steps.
Good ventilation is important to create air movement for gas dispersal.
Good ventilation is important, but again, avoid drafts.
Good ventilation is important.
Good ventilation is necessary because of the fumes produced.
Good ventilation is necessary in all offices.
Good ventilation is necessary.
Good ventilation is probably the most important factor in keeping indoor pens dry.
Good ventilation is recommended.
Good ventilation is required when working with chlorine.
Good ventilation is sufficient.
Good ventilation is the key word to keep moisture content in reasonable level inside of the boat.
Good ventilation is the most important factor in having dry wood.
Good ventilation is very important in ensuring that cattle houses are kept as dry as possible.
Good ventilation is vital.
Good ventilation reduces indoor air pollution.
Good ventilation requires more than an operable window for ventilation.
Good ventilation suppresses black spot by promoting rapid drying of rose leaves.
Good vibrations associated with an event relate well to a love of learning about a particular topic.
Good vibrations count, in a name and in the way a company conducts business.
Good video is available at the station.
Good video is designed.
Good video is difficult and expensive to capture, store, and reproduce.
Good video requires good people.
Good video takes time, so patience is a necessity.
Good videos are available.
Good videos follow the same criteria as good literature.
Good views are located in roofs.
Good views are plentiful during leaf off season.
Good views are possible from the flat topped summit.
Good views are to be had along the entire ridge.
Good views form the summit.
Good views lead down into both.
Good views make up for any lack of trees.
Good views require binoculars.
Good views upridge.
Some good vines are japanese honeysuckle and star jasmine along with ivy of course.
Some good vines use are scarlet runner beans, morning glories, hyacinth beans, and cardinal creeper.
Good vinegar has a peculiar and grateful odor, and an agreeable sour taste.
Good vintages are more worthy of note than water.
Good violinists impose their own sound on an instrument.
Good visibility adds to safety and passenger enjoyment.
Good visibility can also change suddenly to thick mist.
Good visibility is difficult when moving between spaces lighted at very different light levels.
Good visibility is especially important for highway driving.
Good visibility is essential at all times.
Good visibility is essential at ALL times.
Good visibility is essential for safe driving.
Good visibility is very uncommon.
Good vision adds to the quality of our life.
Good vision helps make enjoying life possible.
Good vision is a great asset.
Good vision is a key to good driving.
Good vision is a precious asset.
Good vision is an essential part of everyday life, particularly in the computer age.
Good vision is central to the quality of life.
Good vision is developed and learned.
Good vision is essential to many aspects of life as well as good work in school.
Good vision is essential to performing the many tasks that a farmer performs everyday.
Good vision is important for literacy skills, as well as children's development.
Good vision is important to a full life.
Good vision is just good business.
Good vision is more than just the ability to see clearly.
Good vision is priceless.
Good vision is required because of the detailed work.
Good vision is still possible, however, with the use of a suitable correcting lens.
Good vision is the ability to identify, interpret, and understand what is seen.
Good vision is the result of a proper focusing of sharp images onto the retina of the eye.
Good vision is very important for a child's social and intellectual development.
Good vision leads to good thought and from that idea comes the necessity for education of vision.
Good vision promotes higher productivity and reduces errors, delays and absenteeism.
Good vision requires a clear smooth cornea.
Good visualization is a skill that needs to be learned and practiced.
Good vocalists are in short supply.
Good voices are a dime a dozen.
Good volunteers are in short supply.
Good volunteers come from all different backgrounds and each brings something unique to the program.
Good wages mean strong economies.
Good wagons are worth two hundered dollars.
Some good wahoo are surprising king mackerel fishermen.
Good waiters have good jobs, and they're cautious about changing.
Good walls make good neighbors.
Good warfare is fought with our prophecies.
All good warriors have some kind of armor or shield.
Good water is available to filter along the trail even in the driest seasons.
Good water is in short supply.
Good water is obtained at a depth of from twenty to thirty feet.
Good water is one of Iowa's most precious and fragile resources.
Good water makes good tea.
Good waves are helpful, but they can only take it so far.
Good waxes contain carnauba and beeswax, and some have a silicone element to add shine.
Good weapon sounds.
Good weather causes a desire to climbs.
Good weather causes a desire to travel.
Good weather encourages more people to go to polo matches, fairs, and horse shows.
Good weather helps out a lot.
Good weather is associated with high pressure areas, where air is sinking.
Good weather is forecast for tomorrow.
Good weather is good news for the horse business.
Good weather is needed to complete all harvesting operations.
Good weather is weather
Good weather is weather.
Good weather makes for good feelings.
Good weather means more traffic and more road construction.
Good Web based courseware is more global in design.
All good webmasters know that a site is never finished.
Good webpages are also very well organized and easy for the viewer to read.
Good website let down by confusing website navigation .
Good websites are conversations.
Good websites are hard to find.
Good websites are usually good communities.
Good websites do the same.
Good websites look easy to make.
Good websites start with good prototypes.
All good websites invite interaction from the reader.
All good websites provide an email address.
Every good website is constantly under construction.
Every good website needs a gimmick.
Good weight comes from fruits, vegetables, grains and lean meats.
Good welfare has everything to do with farming for profit.
Good wetting is indicated by a low contact angle between the fillet and the base metal.
Good wetting is very important to form a fillet around the components.
Good wheat stands after rain.
Good wheelchair accesses throughout with eight ground floor rooms, ideal for the less agile.
Good whipping is tedious work, but it doubles the life of a string.
Good whisky is enjoyed in small sips.
Good whistles ought to always come in a case or bag.
More good whitewater follows.
Good wife comes closer.
Good wives help their husbands to become better fathers.
Good wildlife viewing opportunities are available.
Good wins are when everyone contributes and is on the same page.
Good windows do so much more than provide natural light.
Good wine can only come from good grapes and a winemaker who loves the process.
Good wine gladdens the hearts of men.
Good wine is a good familiar creature if it be well used.
Good wine is made in the vineyard.
Good wine is rich and nourishing and wholesome and satisfying.
Good wine is what life is all about.
Good wine needs no bush.
Good wine ruins the purse, and bad wine ruins the stomach.
Good wine tastes good by itself.
Good wines are a rarety.
Good wines are available by the glass or in full bottles on the list, all atvery reasonable prices.
Good wines are available here.
Good wines are cheap and available everywhere.
Good wines come from good vineyards and good grapes indigenous to the region.
Good wines repay handsomely if cellared under proper conditions.
All good wine is bottled poetry and gives men and women a chance to romance each other.
Many good wines go untasted for lack of a proper opener.
Good winemakers are sensitive to the vintage and adjust their winemaking accordingly.
Good winemakers make good wines.
Good winter riding boots have an inner layer of perspiration-wicking material.
Good wires have less noise and no distortion.
Good wishes can never be too late.
Good wishes make a lot of difference.
Good wishes springing from a heart full of love, divinity and nobility have a tremendous strength.
Good witches use spells.
Most good witches use spells.
All good wizards have their own special codes for writing down their spells.
Good women are bliss.
Good women are for good men and good men are for good women .
Good women are for good men and good men are for good women.
Good women are for good men, and good men for good women . . .
Good women are obedient. . . .
Good women are obedient.
Good women are rather good at bringing up daughters.
Good women have every chance to make money there, and the hardships are comparatively few.
Every good woman deserves a good pair of tweezers.
Good wood depends on a system of roots that grows both wide and deep.
Good wood is very difficult to find.
A good word is praise
Good words are a mask for the concealment of bad deeds.
Good words are good words and come delivered, from whatever body, from that peaceful place.
Good words are honeycombs, and hte sweetness thereof is a healing of the soul.
Good words are news.
Good words are stronger that the latest wonder drugs.
Good words are true words, honest and faithful.
Good words are worth much, and cost little.
Good words bring happiness.
Good words cost nothing but a little self-denial, and yet they purchase good things.
Good words enlighten, build up, encourage, comfort, and heal.
Good words go bad and bad words sometimes thread their way toward the good.
Good words have to come from a knowledge of the truth about which the words are said.
Good words kept in a closed mouth is like placing meat, meat on a dead man's grave.
Good words kept in a closed mouth is like putting messes of meat on a dead man's grave.
Good words leave no trace.
Good words make for good fun.
Good wordplays can be a lot of pun.
Good work brings fulfillment and happiness.
Good work brings in good business.
Good work builds good nets.
Good work can be of many kinds anyhow.
Good work can come from anywhere and can be used anywhere.
Good work creates for itself a greater reward.
Good work deserves to be rewarded.
Good work done little by little becomes great work.
Good work draws rewards.
Good work finds the way between pride and despair.
Good work give a lot of info.
Good work has many facets.
Good work is clear and easy to follow.
Good work is done to support the development of children's communication skills.
Good work is for suckers.
Good work is good for the individual but also includes a social dimension.
Good work is recognized.
Good work is rehabilitation.
Good work is rewarded with colorful posters, stickers, books and other items.
Good work is work.
Good work is worth waiting for.
Good work keep it up.
Good Work Keep it up.
Good work needs time for preparation and research, and time at completion to assess and improve it.
Good work outs for basketball.
Good work requires focus.
Good work seems to be coming from all over the world.
Good work speaks for itself if it is properly presented.
Good work speaks for itself when properly presented.
Good work takes time.
Good works adorn the soul.
Good works are a fruit, a result, a proof of faith.
Good works are a key component of our Christian faith.
Good works are a natural outgrowth of faith.
Good works are a natural result of being saved.
Good works are a subsequent fruit of salvation.
Good works are as close as the telephone, a letter, a visit, a smile, or a prayer.
Good works are contagious.
Good works are important for salvation, but that's the response.
Good works are key.
Good works are merely evidence that one's faith is alive.
Good works are meritorious for other spiritual rewards.
Good works are 'merits' as a gift.
Good works are necessary evidences of true faith but contribute nothing to salvation.
Good works are no law, but the highest and richest gospel.
Good works are the best ornament.
Good works are the fruit of salvation.
Good works are the fruit that is borne when the fact of salvation connects with people.
Good works are the natural product of a good faith.
Good works are the natural, inevitable consequence of grace.
Good works are the necessary fruits of true repentance.
Good works are the product of salvation.
Good works are the result and visible evidence of salvation.
Good works are the result of our salvation, never the cause.
Good works are the result of true faith.
Good works are the trim and the siding, the paint and the blinds hung in the window.
Good works are valid as the fruit of salvation.
Good works are works of love.
Good works become the means of achieving salvation.
Good works can only spring from a good conscience.
Good works can produce only a lower form of happiness.
Good works come from a grateful heart.
Good works come to be valued as our own ethical accomplishments.
Good works demonstrate the good health of our faith.
Good works expand in proportion to always exceed the funds available.
Good works flow from faith.
Good works have an essential place.
Good works have nothing to do with obtaining our salvation.
Good Works ia a national directory of social change organizations job listings.
Good Works Look for jobs with organizations involved with social change.
Good works refer to sanctification.
Good works relies heavily on community groups for financial and material support.
All good work deserves to be shared.
All good work is done in defiance of management.
All good work is done the way ants do things, little by little.
All good work is done the way ants do things, Little by little.
All good work requires self-revelation.
Every good work is in collaboration with the One who does all things well.
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more.
Much good work is underway.
Good workers are enthusiastic, motivated and productive.
Good workers are especially difficult to find.
Good workers are hard to find.
Good workers are so hard to find.
Good workers can have their pick of jobs.
Good workers take time to train and motivate.
Every good worker needs a tool bag.
Every good workout deserves a reward.
Good workstation set-up is based on individual needs.
Good worry is a catalyst for planing, action, and solutions to problems.
Good worry is a catalyst for planning, action and solutions to problems.
Good worship begins with a plan for type and style of music.
Good worship is a converting experience.
Good worship needs good lighting.
Good WRs make a lot of yards after the catch by breaking the tackles of the cornerbacks.
Good wrestlers can improvise most of what happens during the match.
Good writers abound - good novelists are very rare.
Good writers appreciate good editing.
Good writers are a rare commodity in all areas of the world.
Good writers are almost always avid readers.
Good writers are also readers of other good writers.
Good writers are always good readers.
Good writers are clear thinkers.
Good writers are essentially muckrakers, exposing the scandalous condition of the human soul.
Good writers are good readers.
Good writers are key for writing proposals, as well as are on-line fundraisers.
Good writers are more likely to manipulate the overall structure of a piece of writing.
Good writers are more successful than poor ones.
Good writers are never satisfied with what they write.
Good writers are nothing more or less than thoughtful craftsmen.
Good writers are often great readers.
Good writers are precise and detail-oriented too.
Good writers are sensitive to their audience.
Good writers are sometimes in too big a hurry.
Good writers avoid the exclamation point, and conscientious editors delete it with delight.
Good writers balance indirect statements with clues to their meanings.
Good writers benefit in different ways.
Good writers break down the process into concrete steps.
Good writers build ideas from sentence to sentence.
Good writers can engage and seduce readers to stay with a story to the end.
Good writers can make a good paper even better by using the writing center.
Good writers check the thesis against the conclusion.
Good writers clarify and refine their thinking as they write.
Good writers create a sense of being there.
Good writers create paragraphs that have unity .
Good writers derive pride and satisfaction from their effort.
Good writers do a great deal of thinking.
Good writers do it with everything they write.
Good writers edit themselves, and thank god for that.
Good writers edit vigorously, draft after draft.
Good writers follow four basic steps to produce successful papers.
Good writers get an unrealistic idea that their writing needs no improvement.
Good writers get it right the first time.
Good writers go far.
Good writers have a bag of tricks that get their point across without boring their audience.
Good writers have an ear for how people use language.
Good writers have knowledge of all aspects of writing mechanics and composition alike.
Good writers know it's useful to talk about what they are writing and to get some feedback.
Good writers know that getting started is sometimes hard.
Good writers know that good writing requires re-writing, and always more than one rewrite.
Good writers know that.
Good writers know what they are going to say before they start writing.
Good writers know where their stories are going.
Good writers look for other options.
Good writers make readers see more than the details written on the paper.
Good writers mature and the child's total thinking matures.
Good writers plan their research carefully.
Good writers read good books.
Good writers recognize that readers read actively.
Good writers slave over the creation of scenes, big and small.
Good writers strive to be true, clear, precise, concise, and emphatic.
Good writers tailor their writing to their audience.
Good writers take the time to go over what is written and correct mistakes.
Good writers talk about their work while it is in progress.
Good writers tend to be ecstatic, drunken on their own language, and ruthless editors.
Good writers think about what they are going to write and organize their ideas.
Good writers think of punctuation marks as traffic signals at an intersection.
Good writers treasure good coaches.
Good writers understand that readers are attracted to the presence of human beings in stories.
Good writers use a comma or commas to indicate a nonrestrictive element.
Good writers use a variety of sentence types and lengths.
Good writers use adjectives and adverbs sparingly.
Good writers use concrete and efficient topic sentences to control and unify their paragraphs.
Good writers use good grammar.
Good writers use words creatively to effectively communicate concepts and paint mental pictures.
Good writers work alone.
Good writers write about human toilets.
Good writers write about things that really happen in their lives.
Good writers write as they speak.
Good writers write for themselves and no one else.
Good writers write, rewrite and rewrite again.
All good writers are good rewriters.
All good writers do research before forming an opinion.
All good writers have a voice.
All good writers make complete plans and outlines before they write.
All good writers revise their prose before submitting it.
All good writers start with an outline, and so willyou.
Any good writer knows that procrastination is the most important part of writing.
Every good writer does the same thing.
Every good writer needs reference stuff.
Every good writer seduces people.
Many good writers are still there.
Many good writers have particular difficulty writing about themselves.
Most good writers are bad pitchers.
Most good writers shake their readers up occasionally.
Most good writers spend time planning, composing, and revising.
Most good writers use one or two points of view throughout the book.
Good writing begins with and depends on good thinking.
Good writing begins with clear thinking.
Good writing begins with good reporting.
Good writing begins with re-writing.
Good writing can make the ridiculous sublime.
Good writing comes from knowing all the rules of grammar.
Good writing comes from re-writing.
Good writing comes in many forms and styles.
Good writing comes out of stories that are close to a writer'sheart.
Good writing comes to be through process.
Good writing comes with practice.
Good writing depends on and reflects clear thinking.
Good writing depends on revision.
Good writing does count.
Good writing does more than win contests.
Good writing does.
Good writing elicits a response, positive or negative, from the reader.
Good writing gets in the way.
Good writing gets to the point and explains it without a lot of jargon.
Good writing goes hand in hand with good thinking, the goal of education.
Good writing happens from practicing the craft and being willing to rewrite.
Good writing happens when good people get together.
Good writing has a definite rhythm in both what is being said to the reader and how it is presented.
Good writing has a living, unique person behind it.
Good writing has an easy flow.
Good writing has certain elements that are always present.
Good writing has good bones.
Good writing has rhythm.
Good writing has struggle or conflict as a component.
Good writing helps a student understand a task or story problem.
Good writing helps weak art, better than good art helps weak writing.
Good writing involves argument and evidence.
Good writing involves creativity, ideas, thought and a whole lot more.
Good writing involves editing, proofreading, and revising.
Good writing involves rewriting.
Good writing is a craft at least as difficult as doing operations research.
Good writing is a great joy that can bring untold riches to the human soul.
Good writing is a lifetime undertaking and a rare and marketable skill.
Good writing is a matter of constant practice.
Good writing is a process that involves a lot of thinking, and .
Good writing is a process.
Good writing is a valuable commodity.
Good writing is about good communication, otherwise it s pretentious old tosh.
Good writing is about paying attention.
Good writing is absolutely crucial in almost any career.
Good writing is also contingent upon reading models.
Good writing is also precise.
Good writing is always an experiment.
Good writing is always the result of rewriting.
Good writing is an art, regardless.
Good writing is an essential skill for success in college and beyond.
Good writing is an important skill for lawyers.
Good writing is an invaluable asset to both young and old alike.
Good writing is as much about clear thinking as it is about anything else.
Good writing is as short as it can be without eliminating essential ideas and facts.
Good writing is bad writing that was rewritten.
Good writing is based on a pattern of ovals and parallel lines.
Good writing is based on sound, logical thinking.
Good writing is both technique and art.
Good writing is clear and concise, and it works.
Good writing is clear and concise.
Good writing is clear thinking made visible.
Good writing is clear thinking.
Good writing is clear writing.
Good writing is clear, interesting, and truthful.
Good writing is complementary with proper argument and proper use of evidence.
Good writing is compounded in that there is no one skill in good writing.
Good writing is conversational.
Good writing is critical both for survival in today s society and for historical study.
Good writing is developed through practice and more practice.
Good writing is difficult for everyone.
Good writing is difficult work, although it becomes easier with practice.
Good writing is direct, effective, clean as a bleached bone.
Good writing is easier to read than bad writing.
Good writing is essential for success in college and on the job.
Good writing is essential in a dissertation.
Good writing is essential in successful grantwriting endeavors.
Good writing is essential to history.
Good writing is essential.
Good writing is even harder work.
Good writing is fundamentally biased-biased toward a particular point.
Good writing is good business.
Good writing is good grammar, spelling, and mechanics.
Good writing is good storytelling.
Good Writing Is Good Thinking.
Good writing is good writing anywhere, any time.
Good writing is good writing regardless of the form.
Good writing is good writing whatever the medium.
Good writing is good writing, but good writing is also about emotion.
Good writing is good writing, no matter in what genre it is published.
Good writing is good writing, period.
Good writing is good writing, regardless of genre.
Good writing is good writing, whether in uniform or civilian sector.
Good writing is good writing.
Good writing is grounded in logical thinking, good research and comprehensive reporting.
Good writing is hard work and there is no excuse for spelling and grammar errors.
Good writing is hard work.
Good writing is important - even in clinical practice.
Good writing is important.
Good writing is in some ways like good cooking.
Good writing is inseparable from clear and coherent thinking.
Good writing is just as important on the internet as it is in any direct mail piece.
Good writing is just like any other activity, practice makes perfect.
Good writing is lean and confident.
Good writing is lies skillfully told.
Good writing is like a windowpane.
Good writing is like cabinetmaking.
Good writing is like clear thinking.
Good writing is made up primarily of letters, which include a through z.
Good writing is mechanically clean.
Good writing is more complex than merely fixing surface level errors.
Good writing is more than a technical skill.
Good writing is more than following rules about grammar and punctuation.
Good writing is more than good grammar.
Good writing is never pretentious.
Good writing is never so much finished as abandoned.
Good writing is never stuffy or pretentious.
Good writing is often a form of intelligent, organized, truthtelling.
Good writing is often a product of good reading, so read good things.
Good writing is often dumb and embarrassing.
Good writing is often the result of many shrewd and strategic choices about means and ends.
Good writing is one of the keys to good journalism.
Good writing is one of the most important factors in the creation of a successful news story.
Good writing is one part inspiration, nine parts perspiration.
Good writing is powerful.
Good writing is purposeful, clear, well organized, and original in perspective.
Good writing is rare.
Good writing is readable.
Good writing is recognized and praised.
Good writing is seen daily in well edited books and papers.
Good writing is simple and clear.
Good writing is simple, clear, and direct.
Good writing is specific, thus avoid unsubstantiated generalizations.
Good writing is succinct.
Good writing is the best evidence of clear thinking.
Good writing is the main criterion.
Good writing is the most direct, effective, and eloquent way to communicate.
Good writing is the product of thinking, organizing, drafting, and revising.
Good writing is the result of a constant effort to communicate clearly and effectively.
Good writing is the result of conscious choices made by the writer.
Good writing is the results of showing reactions.
Good writing is the skill of saying everything needs to be said, but in as few words as possible.
Good writing is the ultimate connection.
Good writing is tight.
Good writing is, above all, clear and concise.
Good writing is, among many other things, an illusion.
Good writing knows no bounds.
Good writing makes a difference.
Good writing makes a special contribution to success in college and on the job.
Good writing makes for a good argument.
Good writing makes for good thinking, and vice versa.
Good writing makes readers want to keep reading.
Good writing makes the impersonal page become a secret and old best friend.
Good writing means editing, revising, rewriting.
Good writing means good revising.
Good writing means making choices.
Good writing means rewriting.
Good writing occurs only when the document is revised and reworked extensively.
Good writing omits all unnecessary words.
Good writing ought to be hard.
Good writing outweighs the lack of visual pizazz.
Good writing provides a sense of mystery and discovery.
Good writing reflects a personal style.
Good writing reflects careful research, good logic and impeccable organization.
Good writing reflects good thinking.
Good writing requires a great deal of rewriting and revision.
Good writing requires a lot of practice.
Good writing requires action.
Good writing requires careful planning and much thinking and rethinking of ideas.
Good writing requires clear thinking.
Good writing requires concentration.
Good writing requires correct spelling, grammar and punctuation in the final draft.
Good writing requires effective editing.
Good writing requires good editing.
Good writing requires good mechanics.
Good writing requires good thinking, and good thinking requires good reading.
Good writing requires great reporting, an overabundance of information.
Good writing requires heightened emotions that explain motivations and allow for confrontations.
Good writing requires more than organizing subjects and ideas in a logical fashion.
Good writing requires practice.
Good writing requires proper grammar.
Good writing requires reflection.
Good writing requires several revisions.
Good writing requires simple sentences.
Good writing requires structure.
Good writing requires the same kind of dedicated practice that athletes put in.
Good writing stands out.
Good writing takes effort, too.
Good writing takes enormous concentration.
Good writing takes more time.
Good writing takes part of the good.
Good writing takes practice and a good understanding of the structure of the language.
Good writing takes practice.
Good writing takes thought and effort.
Good writing takes time .
Good writing takes time and effort.
Good writing takes time for everyone.
Good writing takes time, lots of it.
Good writing takes time.
Good writing takes work.
Good writing tells the truth and tells it plain.
Good writing uses a variety of sentence structures and lengths.
Good writing uses the paragraph as the unit of composition.
All good writing begins with information.
All good writing has purpose.
All good writing has scenes.
All good writing is done with a beverage nearby.
All good writing is regionalized.
All good writing is taken from the writer s heart.
All good writing requires a strong element of honesty and integrity from the writer.
Any good writing is born out of personal experience.
Much good writing borrows ideas from other writers.
Good yachts fill up quickly, and significant discounts are usually hard to come by.
Good yarns are part of fishing.
Good yarns get good play.
Good years help to re-build financial assets.
Good years stack up like cordwood.
Many good years lie ahead after menopause.
Good yellow is difficult to obtain.
Good yields are obtained on light chernozem soils.
Good yields come from best practice in crop production within the variables of climatic factors.
Good zoos recognise the responsibility they have to educate while they entertain.
Good zoos share the information they gather.
Good is advantage
Good is advantage.
Good is morality.
Good is quality.
Goods are a vital non-cash resource for any organization.
Goods are any non-mobile items.
Goods are available by mail order as well as by personal visit to the shop.
Goods are available in the shops.
Goods are available on hand as well as for special orders.
Goods are dutiable only when they leave the free trade zone and enter the United States.
Goods are exotic, attractive, beautiful hand-crafted and excellent value for money.
Goods are expensive.
Goods are fairly straight forward.
Goods are five times more expensive than in Luanda.
Goods are generally free of switching charges.
Goods are here in order to serve the needs and celebrate the joys of people.
Goods are in short supply, and fear remains.
Goods are limited to food, medicine, and medical products.
Goods are more complex now.
Goods are more valuable in quantity, since their value is multiplied by the number held.
Goods are objects that can satisfy people's wants.
Goods are of acceptable quality.
Goods are of the highest quality and prices can be a little on the expensive side.
Goods are often beyond their peak upon arrival and many past their expiration date as well.
Goods are packed and ready for immediate dispatch wherever they are needed.
Goods are physically tangible things such as food, shoes, cars and houses.
Goods are products like a baseball glove or a new dress.
Goods are property that is tangible and moveable.
Goods are returnable only with prior written authorization.
Goods are scarce because land, labor, machinery, and other productive resources are scarce.
Goods are self-preservation, family, knowledge and ordered society.
Goods are short and prices high.
Goods are sold ex our premises.
Goods are something that people want.
Goods are subject to availability.
Goods are tangible commodities or merchandise having intrinsic value.
Goods are tangible objects desired by consumers and supplied by producers.
Goods are tangible products that are used by consumers or producers.
Goods are that the industry is growing at an enormous rate and getting a lot of recognition.
Goods are the same price as high street, no incentive to buy online.
Goods are then divided and put in free circulation when needed.
Goods are things like clothing, a car or TV, or food.
Goods are things people can touch and feel such as groceries, toys, and computers.
Goods are things that people make or grow.
Goods are to be classified according to their nature at the time of their importation.
Goods are to be classified as they present themselves at the time of importation into Canada.
Goods are used productively and prevented from becoming litter and garbage.
Goods are usually payable prior to dispatch.
Goods are very specialized and fill market niches.
Goods become dutiable if they are removed for sale or use in Australia.
Goods begins the game in groups of three in the Trading-cities.
Goods buys among the restaurant whether whisper taylor made golf bags.
Goods can be absolute or relative.
Goods can be in stock, in reserve, in work in process, or on order.
Goods can be informational, in production, consumption or both.
Goods can be merchantable but unfit for a particular purpose.
Goods can be off loaded in the bus bay outside the main entrance and carried in.
Goods can be very cheap with a little haggling.
Goods can enter Canada by air, highway, marine, rail, or the international postal system.
Goods can enter Panama once the importer makes a deposit equivalent to the import duty.
Goods can no longer hide out in the back of a shelf.
Goods can travel without tariffs or other impediments.
Goods change hands.
Goods come from as far as Vietnam and China.
Goods coming from the four corners of the earth are available for our use.
Goods commonly have labels, where services have no place to put a label.
Goods describes all of our current products available or soon to be released.
Goods differ with one lip and kill hvac system.
Goods do also cost money to ship from the manufacturer into Britain.
Goods fail inspection for quality.
Goods fail to conform.
Goods featured are subject to availability.
Goods find their way to consumers by many routes.
Goods fulfilling basic needs are to remain unaffected if Germany's value-added tax is increased.
Goods go in, garbage comes out.
Goods have a physical existence.
Goods have to be assessed for duty even if no duty is payable.
Goods have to be stocked and priced in any case.
Goods have to go though security checks and clearing.
Goods imported include aggregates, fuels, wood and wood products, animal feeds and rock salt.
Goods imported into Poland are subject to tax on goods and services.
Goods includes fod, fuel, fiber, medicine, and even organic pesticides.
Goods involve merchandise or stock, supplies, and equipment.
Goods inwards entries update stock and the general ledger as necessary.
Goods lost are sdd or never found.
Goods manufactured for other markets vary in quality and standard.
Goods manufactured include small appliances, electronics and other secondary products.
Goods mean tangible things such as equipment, furniture and clothing etc.
Goods mentioned include fabrics and clothing.
Goods move freely among the member countries.
Goods move in a continuous flow from plant to plant and then to customers.
Goods move in the physical world and physical world presence is the key to Internet operations.
Goods move increasingly between the entities.
Goods offered include both old and new items.
Goods originating in and imported directly from the least developed countries are duty-free.
Goods pass from hand to hand endlessly.
Goods produced by the public sector have an opportunity cost - education, national defense.
Goods produced for trade are also Economic goods.
Goods produced have to be sold and consumed.
Goods produced in the market are homogeneous.
Goods produced in the zone also are exempt from excise duty and other levies.
Goods range from seafood and spices to fruit, antiques and souvenirs.
Goods Receiving personnel can confirm the receipt of goods simply by entering the PO number.
Goods recipient Enter the goods recipient.
Goods recipient To change the goods recipient, enter the new goods recipient.
Goods refer to hardware, software and support or service.
Goods regularly arrive promptly in perfect condition.
Goods remaining on the premises are entirely at the risk of the purchaser.
Goods remove during some fire yet reach roulette system.
Goods repeat toward most title consequently declare digital photos.
Goods resold to original buyers for same price.
Goods run out lots boot however cross tampa bay buccaneers hat.
Goods run out lots boot however cross tampa bay buccaneers heltmets.
Goods run out lots boot however cross tampa bay buccaneers jerseys.
Goods sell at a similar price in various places until someone drops the price again further.
Goods slit at customer's risk.
Goods sold under a contract are goods presently available or goods receivable.
Goods spend less time languishing in warehouses or in the backs of trucks.
Goods spoil out the restaurant whether buys Old baseball hat.
Goods spoil out the restaurant whether buys pittsburgh steelers cap.
Goods spoil out the restaurant whether buys pittsburgh steelers posters.
Goods spoil out the restaurant whether buys tennis ball machine.
Goods still come into the warehouse, become inventory, and then are used to fulfill consumer demand.
Goods then have a cultural as well as a material value.
Goods traded include apparel, fruits and vegetables, soft drinks.
Goods transported by land, sea and air all face the possibility of physical loss or damage.
Goods transported by rail are the tonnage of goods transported times kilometers traveled.
Goods travel both directions each day.
Goods travel long distances and are susceptible to frequent transfers along their journey.
Goods vary from shoes and toys to plastic basins.
Goods welcome, but please call the office for arrangements.
Goods often are expensive .
All goods are carefully packed and checked before shipping.
All goods are clean and in working condition.
All goods are exempt from customs duties when exported from Azerbaijan.
All goods are gift wrapped and then sent in discreet packaging.
All goods are in excellent condition.
All goods are new, tested and have never been used.
All goods are order made Let's go looking for happiness.
All goods are plus freight.
All goods are subject to availability.
All goods are subject to individual manufacture warranties.
All goods are subject to our no quibble guarantee.
All goods are subject to restocking charge.
All goods being returned to the Vendor are to be sent at the Vendee's expense.
All goods come in different colours with black trim.
All goods come with the standard manufacturers warranty.
All goods come with three month warranty.
All goods entering and stored in the zones are exempt from local taxes and duties.
All goods have a cost - and the cost of loanable funds is the interest rate.
All goods have to satisfy general safety provisions.
All goods imported into Norfolk Is are subject to a small customs duty.
All goods imported into Syria are subject to customs duty and unified tax.
All goods leave our shipping dock in good condition.
All goods shipped are under limited warranty.
All goods shipped remain the property of the publisher until full payment is received.
All goods sold to consumers carry what is known as an implied warranty of merchantability.
Every good is more worthy of choice along with another good than taken alone.
Every good is someone's interest, so rejection of self-interest is rejection of the good.
Many goods are thing.
More goods chasing fewer customers equals falling prices.
Most goods are exempt from quantitative import control.
Most goods are normal goods.
Most goods are outrageously packaged.
Most goods are subject to ad valorem duties based on CIF value.
Most goods are subject to some kind of charge.
Most goods go through a quality inspection before being sold in stores.
Most goods have close substitutes.
Most goods have effects.
Most goods have opposite effects.
Most goods have to be imported, and there is a structural trade deficit.
Most goods produce within geographic locations.
Most goods produce within geographic regions.
Most goods produce within locations.
Most goods produce within regions.
Much good can arise from making the benefits of new discoveries available more quickly.
Much good can come out of love but very little good can come out of obsession.
Some good can come from such indecision.
Some good can lead to something better.
Some good does come from spending too much time in a forum.
Some good is accomplished.
Some goods are difficult to substitute or impossible to substitute for.
Some goods are good for their own sake, and some for the sake of something else.
Some goods are more suitable for electronic trade than others.
Some goods are used by patients.
Some goods contain chocolate.
Some goods contain flour.
Some goods contain soy flour.
Some goods emit gases.
Some goods emit greenhouse gases.
Some goods escape.
Some goods even pass through the ports without documentation.
Some goods have defects.
Some goods have manufacturers' guarantees.
Some goods have minimal defects.
Some goods produce within boundaries.
Some goods relate to transactions.
Some goods require stuffing or other repackaging before distribution.
Good-by isa farewell.
A goodbye is a farewell
Goodbye isa farewell.
Good-bye isa farewell.
Goodbyes are difficult.
Goodbyes are for people about to be reborn.
Goodbyes are impossible.
Goodbyes are never easy to say.
Goodbyes are often difficult.
Goodbyes are tricky and invariably ambiguous.
Every goodbye makes the next hello closer.
Most goodbyes are hard.
Goodness answers to the theological virtue, charity, and admits no excess, but error.
Goodness can be like armour, and sometimes it's just as hard.
Goodness comes from purity of the heart.
Goodness comes from within as does evil.
Goodness demands protecting the innocent in society.
Goodness does seem to be diminished in the world.
Goodness encompasses such qualities as courtesy, compassion, morality, and non-aggression.
Goodness grows by being beaten, but evil is perishing by hitting goodness.
Goodness involves sustained effort, even when NO ONE is looking at our work.
Goodness is a difficulty.
Goodness is a moving target.
Goodness is a resplendence, a reflection of a modicum of divinity.
Goodness is always the target of evil.
Goodness is as goodness does.
Goodness is average of two values from above table.
Goodness is better than beauty.
Goodness is coincident with being.
Goodness is concordant.
Goodness is dependent upon truth and truth leads to justice .
Goodness is endogenous, that is, it grows and develops from within.
Goodness is found in purity of heart.
Goodness is gone if it tolerates badness.
Goodness is goodness.
Goodness is just as difficult to fathom as evil.
Goodness is little in the mind of a man of wrath.
Goodness is love in action.
Goodness is more clearly good, evil more blatantly evil.
Goodness is no more.
Goodness is objective and definable in terms of non-moral properties.
Goodness is predictability.
Goodness is quality
Goodness is so important that there is a real urgency to moral living.
Goodness is something chosen.
Goodness is to give unconditionally.
Goodness is true greatness.
Goodness is uneventful.
Goodness isa quality.
Goodness knows companies can use such advice.
Goodness knows how people manage in countries where the campaigning goes on for months and months.
Goodness knows how popular the folk Dancer badge was.
Goodness knows how they managed it as their tiny boat was tossed about in the North Atlantic.
Goodness knows if it still exists.
Goodness knows it looks like a tornado's hit it.
Goodness knows it's hard enough to get members to come to business meetings, let alone visitors.
Goodness knows no master.
Goodness knows online advertising companies have already been forced to go cold turkey.
Goodness knows that enough students get into credit card dilemmas as it is.
Goodness knows that there are plenty of things to fear.
Goodness knows the book deserves better.
Goodness knows the competition has been strong.
Goodness knows there have been many very successful attempts to build one's own houseboat.
Goodness knows there is more than enough citation.
Goodness knows there's a real problem here.
Goodness knows there's plenty to sustain one's interest.
Goodness knows what that means.
Goodness knows what the lost object was, or who stole it.
Goodness knows why there was a piano there.
Goodness knows why.
Goodness knows, cable TV has a history of messing up a good thing.
Goodness knows, in the galaxy of adult fare, mainstream entertainment parody is commonplace.
Goodness knows, state statutes themselves offer no such protection.
Goodness knows, there are already plenty of viruses around that are more worthy of concern.
Goodness knows, there are plenty of wrong ones.
Goodness knows, there's reason enough to expect the worst from our sports figures.
Goodness knows, they can afford better lyricists.
Goodness lies in waiting.
Goodness loves and associates with that which is good.
Goodness never dies.
Goodness produces goodness.
Goodness requires more than making a moral statement.
Goodness shines most when engulfed in darkness.
Goodness speaks in a whisper.
Goodness stands against wrong.
Goodness starts in the shadows and oppresses evil and then finally comes into the sunshine.
Goodness starts weak but becomes stronger, and evil starts strong but becomes weaker.
Goodness takes courage and courage is a rare quality by definition.
Goodness takes effort.
All goodness comes from harmony, and a joyful chorus of peace springs from love.
Much goodness can comefrom prayer.
Goods names are also superimposed on the movie as video captions.
All goods things come to an end.
Goods work is the only category in which the number of jobs has declined over the past two decades.
Goods have (part) sections.
Goods have cost.
Goods have effects.
Goods have opposite effects.
Goods isa artifact.
Goods produce within geographic locations.
Goods produce within geographic regions.
Goods produce within locations.
Goods produce within regions.
A goodwill is friendliness
Goodwill forever is the message of the bow.
Most Goodwills make house calls for furniture or other large items that are hard to transport.
A goody is food
Goodies also has hot foods such as quiche, pastries, tortas, knishes, veggie burritos, and soup.
Goodies are things which cause delight.
Goodies includes some cliparts and special promos.
Goodies is set up to do it right now.
Goodies runs a hierarchical navigation format.
Goody isa nourishment.
Goody isa sustenance.
Most goodies are in sub-directories of the Tools directory.
Some goodies promote digestion.
Some goodies promote healthy digestion.
Goodyear brakes require wheel and disc removal.
Goodyear retailers can provide expert diagnosis and repair.
Many Goodyear retailers can provide expert diagnosis and repair.
Goodyear tires are original equipment on all types of commercial and private aircraft.
Goodyear tires suck.
Goof golfers play within their feet.
Goofy goofy wacky fun time.
Goofy kollidge kids with way too much free time on their hands.
Goofy sound collage pastiches abound throughout, whether as part of a melody or on their own.
Goofy there are ample opportunities for surprise.
Gook is an inhabitant
Gooks are pindicks with slanty assholes.
A goon is a criminal
Goons defend the stars.
A goonie is an oceanic bird
Goonies never say die.
Gooniyandi country reaches along the river towards Halls Creek in the east.
A goony is an oceanic bird
Goonies never say die.
Goose barnacles are usually white shells with a wormlike neck.
Goose barnacles eat brine shrimp.
Goose barnacles eat juvenile shrimp.
Goose barnacles eat shrimp.
Most goose barnacles eat brine shrimp.
Most goose barnacles eat juvenile shrimp.
Most goose barnacles eat shrimp.
Some goose barnacles have plates.
Goose blinds are available by lottery system.
Goose Creek is actually more of a locale than an actual city.
Goose Creek is one of the most player-friendly courses anywhere.
A goose egg is an amount
Goose eggs can be particularly difficult to hatch.
Goose feathers are excellent for egg glazes because they leave a thin, even coating.
Goose feathers work great.
Goose hunts are available in Texas, Colorado, Canada and Mexico.
Goose hunts take place in rice stubble, soybean, winter grass, or plowed fields.
Goose hunters are deeply interested in other hunter's impressions of their goose calling.
Goose hunters expect to have a season that matches or tops last year's outstanding hunt.
Goose Island is Chicago s premier craft brewery, featuring a solid lineup of distinct beers.
Goose Island produces other beer products that are sold only on draft, in the two brewpubs.
Goose Island produces some very good beer products.
Goose Lake is a big, gray expanse of water that straddles the border between California and Oregon.
Goose Lake is a shallow lake located at the head of the Goose Creek tributary.
A goose liver is a liver
Goose livers are tastier and more expensive than duck livers.
Goose numbers continue to improve with each passing cold front.
Goose wings stretch across the canopy.
A goose is a waterbird
Geese are able to grab a hold of each blade and pull it out with their bills by jerking their heads.
Geese are common.
Geese are inside formations.
Geese are known as birds.
Geese are known as geese.
Geese are larger with long necks, and are less aquatic than ducks.
Geese are smaller than swans but larger than ducks.
Geese become nuisances.
Geese come from Canada.
Geese come from eggs.
Geese conserve heat.
Geese depend on environments.
Geese depend on water.
Geese develop necks.
Geese eat barley.
Geese eat food.
Geese eat materials.
Geese eat vegetation.
Geese enter fields.
Geese extend necks.
Geese feed on foliage.
Geese float in lakes.
Geese float in ponds.
Geese fly over coasts.
Geese fly over environments.
Geese fly over farms.
Geese fly over fields.
Geese fly over ground.
Geese fly over habitats.
Geese fly over heads.
Geese fly over nests.
Geese fly over oceans.
Geese fly over ponds.
Geese fly over regions.
Geese fly over rivers.
Geese fly over sea.
Geese fly over towns.
Geese fly over water.
Geese forage in fields.
Geese give birth to geese.
Geese give birth to offspring.
Geese has-part wings.
Geese have (part) air sacs.
Geese have (part) bird's feet.
Geese have (part) brains.
Geese have (part) breasts.
Geese have (part) cell membranes.
Geese have (part) cells.
Geese have (part) chest cavities.
Geese have (part) chests.
Geese have (part) corpi.
Geese have (part) cytoplasm.
Geese have (part) ears.
Geese have (part) faces.
Geese have (part) flight feathers.
Geese have (part) heads.
Geese have (part) lips.
Geese have (part) mouths.
Geese have (part) nuclei.
Geese have (part) plasma membranes.
Geese have (part) quill feathers.
Geese have (part) rib cages.
Geese have (part) second joints.
Geese have (part) sections.
Geese have (part) skulls.
Geese have (part) sterna.
Geese have (part) talons.
Geese have (part) vacuoles.
Geese have (part) wishbones.
Geese have bills.
Geese have eyesights.
Geese have faces.
Geese have glands.
Geese have good eyesights.
Geese have heads.
Geese have life.
Geese have long necks.
Geese have necks.
Geese have organs.
Geese have salt glands.
Geese hear calls.
Geese lift legs.
Geese lift wings.
Geese live in coasts.
Geese live in groups.
Geese live in lakes.
Geese live in marsh.
Geese live in regions.
Geese live in wetland.
Geese lose feathers.
Geese lose wing feathers.
Geese love marsh.
Geese love ponds.
Geese make eggs.
Geese migrate to ponds.
Geese need protection.
Geese occur in groups.
Geese occur in variety.
Geese play in ponds.
Geese possess bodies.
Geese possess feathers.
Geese possess nests.
Geese prefer nests.
Geese prefer wetland.
Geese produce hiss sound.
Geese produce sound.
Geese raise heads.
Geese reach maturity.
Geese reach sexual maturity.
Geese require nutrition.
Geese require water.
Geese resemble pheasants.
Geese rest on pasture.
Geese return to marsh.
Geese return to nest sites.
Geese return to same nest sites.
Geese return to sites.
Geese return to water.
Geese return to wetland.
Geese roam ground.
Geese seek food.
Geese seek water.
Geese shake wings.
Geese shed feathers.
Geese sit in fields.
Geese spread wings.
Geese stand in water.
Geese stand on feet.
Geese swallow food.
Geese swim in environments.
Geese swim in habitats.
Geese swim in lakes.
Geese swim in ponds.
Geese swim in water.
Geese thrive in marsh.
Geese visit environments.
Geese visit habitats.
Geese visit lakes.
Geese visit nests.
Geese visit ponds.
Geese visit water.
Geese want food.
Geese want meals.
Goose isa waterfowl.
Gooses are animals.
Gooses are birds.
Gooses are capable of flies.
Gooses are located in air.
Gooses are located in skies.
Gooses are meat.
Gooses are part of gooses.
Gooses are poultries.
Many geese are in the local fields and are difficult to call in.
Some geese appear in fields.
Some geese appear in Wisconsin.
Some geese are located on farms.
Some geese are located on islands.
Some geese are located on nests.
Some geese are still at the Navarino Wildlife area.
Some geese are still at the Navarino Wildlife Area.
Some geese go to farms.
Some geese have advantage.
Some geese have life expectancy.
Some geese have many advantage.
Some geese have severe respiratory distress.
Some geese have toes.
Some geese have wings.
Some geese occur in Delaware.
Some geese occur in Wisconsin.
Gooseberry bushes attract bugs.
Gooseberry bushes attract few bugs.
Most gooseberry bushes attract bugs.
Most gooseberry bushes attract few bugs.
Gooseberry currants have spines that make an intimate encounter very memorable.
Gooseberry fruit can scald in hot weather or if exposed directly to sun.
Gooseberry Island is a well known spot for flathead, bream and luderick.
Some gooseberry juice contains levels.
Most gooseberry plants are sold grown on a single main stem.
Some gooseberry plants have berries.
Some gooseberry plants have requirements.
A gooseberry is a currant
Gooseberries adapt to conditions.
Gooseberries are also excellent in meat dishes as a sauce.
Gooseberries are also very susceptible to a disease called American gooseberry mildew.
Gooseberries are available in many sizes, colors and flavors.
Gooseberries are currants.
Gooseberries are easy to grow in any reasonably good garden soil.
Gooseberries are excellent for jams, jellies and pies.
Gooseberries are extremely hardy and are grown almost as far north as the Arctic Circle .
Gooseberries are fairly easy to grow and tolerate part shade to full sun.
Gooseberries are fast growing, deciduous shrubs.
Gooseberries are formed on branches which grew in the previous and older years.
Gooseberries are harvested as individual berries.
Gooseberries are high in vitamin C and are popular in pies and preserves in England.
Gooseberries are moderate nutrient hungry liking regular applications of a balanced fertiliser.
Gooseberries are more susceptible to mildew than currants.
Gooseberries are one of the popular fruits all over the Great Britain.
Gooseberries are part of gooseberries.
Gooseberries are plants.
Gooseberries are related to black, white and red currants.
Gooseberries are self-fruitful.
Gooseberries are shrubs.
Gooseberries are similar, but their year-old wood is more fruitful.
Gooseberries are so tart that they generally are cooked and sweetened.
Gooseberries are thorny.
Gooseberries are very sensitive to potash deficiency.
Gooseberries bear fruit.
Gooseberries can exhibit browning if sunburned.
Gooseberries can tolerate warmer temperatures than currants.
Gooseberries come in translucent green, pink, or red varieties.
Gooseberries do best in a well drained soil which has lots of natural nutrients.
Gooseberries do best in cool temperatures with full sun.
Gooseberries do best in fertile, loamy soil that has good drainage.
Gooseberries grow best in cool, moist locations and can be damaged by intense summer heat.
Gooseberries grow best in summer humid, cool regions with great winter chilling.
Gooseberries grow fantastically here, in extremely sandy soils and require almost no nutrients.
Gooseberries grow from the Gulf of Mexico to Alaska and from the east to the West Coast.
Gooseberries grow in areas.
Gooseberries grow mainly in North Central, Middle Atlantic, Rocky, Mountain, and Pacific States.
Gooseberries grow well in cool soils so mulch with organic matter.
Gooseberries have (part) cell membranes.
Gooseberries have (part) cells.
Gooseberries have (part) corpi.
Gooseberries have (part) cytoplasm.
Gooseberries have (part) nuclei.
Gooseberries have (part) peels.
Gooseberries have (part) plasma membranes.
Gooseberries have (part) sections.
Gooseberries have (part) vacuoles.
Gooseberries have (part) xylem.
Gooseberries have properties.
Gooseberries have translucent skin.
Gooseberries improve health.
Gooseberries make a great addition to summer sundaes.
Gooseberries pair well with elderflower.
Gooseberries produce flowers.
Gooseberries thrive in cool, well-drained, fertile soils.
Gooseberries vary wildly in sweetness so the ratio really depends on personal taste.
Gooseberries work well with pork, with apples in a pie, or in tarts.
Gooseberry isa bush.
Gooseberry isa shrub.
All gooseberries are hermaphrodites and reproduce sexually.
Most gooseberries adapt to conditions.
Most gooseberries bear fruit.
Most gooseberries die after spawning.
Most gooseberries grow in areas.
Most gooseberries grown in home gardens are American varieties.
Most gooseberries grown today are hybrids.
Most gooseberries have properties.
Most gooseberries improve health.
Most gooseberries produce flowers.
Some gooseberries belong to families.
Some gooseberries contain chromium.
Some gooseberries contain minerals.
Some gooseberries contain substances.
Some gooseberries grow in countries.
Some gooseberries have broad host ranges.
Some gooseberries have broad ranges.
Some gooseberries have effects.
Some gooseberries have positive effects.
Some gooseberries have ranges.
Some gooseberries have thorns.
Some gooseberries help problems.
Some gooseberries improve growth.
Some gooseberries improve hair growth.
Some gooseberries improve sweet taste.
Some gooseberries improve taste.
Some gooseberries make plants.
Some gooseberries occur in chaparrals.
Some gooseberries produce crops.
Goosebump books are very popular.
A goosebump is a reflex
Goosebumps actually serve a purpose in animals.
Goosebumps are our business.
Goosebumps are scary chapter books.
Goosebumps caused by the contraction of the hair muscles can add to the effect.
Goosebumps has it.
Goosebumps result from tiny muscles in the skin.
Goosebumps books are very popular.
A gooseneck barnacle is a crustacean
Gooseneck barnacles favor floating objects in the sea, such as logs, debris and sea turtles.
Gooseneck barnacles feed on amphipods and other creatures up to the size of a house fly.
Gopher clients can also go directly to a specific site, such as gopher.hk.super.net.
Gopher clients exist for all of the supported platforms on campus.
Gopher frogs are active at night.
Gopher frogs are found mainly in the flat coastal areas of the southeastern United States.
Gopher frogs are so rare they are known to be in only a handful of locations in South Carolina.
Gopher frogs have stocky bodies with short arms.
Gopher frogs live in hot, dry areas, so they are at risk for drying out.
Gopher frogs prefer habitats.
Some gopher frogs leave burrows.
Gopher holes are sometimes present with no dirt distributed above ground.
Gopher holes can seriously injure large ruminants.
Gopher site is also available.
Gopher sites are all over.
Gopher sites are an easy way to gather information.
Gopher sites are black and white and many are no longer being updated or kept current.
Gopher sites consist of interconnected menus that contain mostly text files.
Gopher sites contain only text, no graphics, no sound files, no nothing, just words.
Gopher sites provide links to other gopher sites as well.
Gopher sites remain useful to Internet research.
Gopher sites use menus for easy selection of items.
Many gopher sites have Veronica, or have links to sites with Veronica services.
Most Gopher sites are now dead.
A gopher snake is a colubrid
Gopher snakes are common in arid and semi-arid regions.
Gopher snakes are common in central California.
Gopher snakes are cool.
Gopher snakes are unique among desert snakes.
Gopher snakes eat rodents.
Gopher snakes have a piece of cartilage in the mouth that vibrates when the snake hisses.
A gopher tortoise is a tortoise
Gopher tortoises are a legally protected species.
Gopher tortoises are afforded different levels of legal protection throughout their range.
Gopher tortoises are fairly elusive creatures.
Gopher tortoises are herbivore scavengers.
Gopher tortoises are herbivores.
Gopher tortoises are herbivorous, and can be handled without fear of being bitten.
Gopher tortoises are known as a keystone species .
Gopher tortoises are land dwelling turtles which live in dry uplands.
Gopher tortoises are like small bulldozers.
Gopher tortoises are mainly herbivores that feed on low growing plant life.
Gopher tortoises are one of the few species of tortoise that dig burrows.
Gopher tortoises are reptiles.
Gopher tortoises are slow to reach sexual maturity, have a low fecundity, and a long life span.
Gopher tortoises are tortoises.
Gopher tortoises burrow into the sand, providing living space for numerous other animals.
Gopher tortoises dig burrows.
Gopher tortoises eat plants.
Gopher tortoises face a deadly problem.
Gopher tortoises feed mainly on low-growing plants that require abundant sunlight.
Gopher tortoises have dome shells.
Gopher tortoises have front legs.
Gopher tortoises have hind legs.
Gopher tortoises have legs.
Gopher tortoises have populations all the way up into South Carolina.
Gopher tortoises have shells.
Gopher tortoises have strong legs.
Gopher tortoises have tails.
Gopher tortoises have temperature.
Gopher tortoises inhabit regions.
Gopher tortoises live in areas.
Gopher tortoises live in burrows.
Gopher tortoises live in sandy areas.
Gopher tortoises maintain constant temperature.
Gopher tortoises maintain temperature.
Gopher tortoises waddle through the meadows.
Most gopher tortoises eat plants.
Most gopher tortoises have dome shells.
Most gopher tortoises have front legs.
Most gopher tortoises have hind legs.
Most gopher tortoises have legs.
Most gopher tortoises have shells.
Most gopher tortoises have strong legs.
Most gopher tortoises have tails.
Most gopher tortoises have temperature.
Most gopher tortoises live in areas.
Most gopher tortoises live in burrows.
Most gopher tortoises live in sandy areas.
Most gopher tortoises maintain constant temperature.
Most gopher tortoises maintain temperature.
Some gopher tortoises carry capacity.
Some gopher tortoises eat fruit.
Some gopher tortoises eat grass.
Some gopher tortoises engage in behavior.
Some gopher tortoises engage in mate behavior.
Some gopher tortoises spread seeds.
Gopher turtles are so cute.
A gopher is a squirrel
Gopher allows a user to view a file on demand without requiring additional file transfer protocols.
Gopher allows easy access to text files but has problems with binary files.
Gopher allows for 'cap' files to modify the appearance of the directories being served.
Gopher allows the computer to jump from one computer to another.
Gopher allows users to navigate the Internet in a menu-like fashion.
Gopher allows users to search the network, but in just pure text.
Gopher allows users to view and download information from various databases.
Gopher also allows searches in completedatabase in one shot.
Gopher also has publications.
Gopher also simplifies access to electronic books.
Gopher also supports a variety of picture, audio, and video file formats.
Gopher appears to the user as a set of menus.
Gopher becomes the most popular interface for several years.
Gopher burrows help to cycle nutrients and provide space for air and water to move through the soil.
Gopher calls it an item or a textfile or something.
Gopher comes into existance.
Gopher contains hundreds of articles.
Gopher contains materials related to linguistic and cultural diversity.
Gopher digs for directories.
Gopher displays Internet documents as menu options.
Gopher displays several menu selections.
Gopher does the same thing but in a purely textual format.
Gopher finds information by using menus.
Gopher grows by the minute.
Gopher has a more rigid structure compared to the free-form HTML of the Web.
Gopher has for the most part been replaced by browsers.
Gopher has information for both the researcher and the administrator.
Gopher is a 'browser' for gopher sites, wais sites, and ftp sites.
Gopher is a client-server application.
Gopher is a distributed, menu-oriented database that today spans the entire Internet.
Gopher is a double play on words.
Gopher is a global information delivery service that is distributed across the Internet.
Gopher is a good example of the client-server system.
Gopher is a great way to browse through lost of information.
Gopher is a hierarchical, menu-based arrangement.
Gopher is a huge Internet-wide information database which is arranged as a menu structure.
Gopher is a Internet browsing program.
Gopher is a large database managed by super-computers.
Gopher is a menu based application that accesses a series of of indexes throughout the world.
Gopher is a menu based system of accessing Internet information.
Gopher is a menu driven information provider.
Gopher is a menu driven system for accessing text and other data on the internet.
Gopher is a menu driven system.
Gopher is a menu system which provides a simple consistent method to navigate around the Internet.
Gopher is a menu-based method of browsing and retrieving information.
Gopher is a menu-based navigation tool for the Internet.
Gopher is a menu-based utility designed for locating and accessing resources.
Gopher is a menu-driven program for picking and choosing among the thousands of Internet resources.
Gopher is a menu-driven system that provides access to the information resources of the Internet.
Gopher is a menu-driven system.
Gopher is a menu-style utility that makes connection to the Internet very easy.
Gopher is a method of accessing information on the Internet by means of hierarchical menus.
Gopher is a powerful tool and gopherspace has a wealth of information.
Gopher is a program that is like a text version of the web.
Gopher is a runaway success because it's simple.
Gopher is a security tool.
Gopher is a service that enables the user to navigate through Internet information easily.
Gopher is a service that organizes information into menus.
Gopher is a system for searching hierarchical directories on servers anywhere on the Internet.
Gopher is a text viewer that can be used to follow hyperlinks between different documents.
Gopher is a text, directory-based browser for a massive hierarchival text database.
Gopher is a text-based searching system.
Gopher is a text-only network, usually quite fast.
Gopher is a tree structured menu system and several hundred servers are connected.
Gopher is a type of software which provides a menu-based access to Internet resources.
Gopher is a versatile and increasingly popular communication and research tool.
Gopher is a very easy way to find documents and other information resources.
Gopher is a way of transferring files on the Internet from one computer to another.
Gopher is an actual gopher.
Gopher is an advancement over ftp.
Gopher is an alternative to ftp.
Gopher is an early form of an Internet browser .
Gopher is an early, text only method for accessing Internet documents.
Gopher is an example of a commonly used protocol for searching networked information.
Gopher is an excellent browsing tool for both teachers and students.
Gopher is an excellent tool for finding text files.
Gopher is an information system enableing the user to move within certain internet resources.
Gopher is an infoserver which can deliver text, graphics, audio, and multimedia to clients.
Gopher is an Internet software application that organizes information.
Gopher is an internet tool that helps users to retrieve information on the internet.
Gopher is an older protocol that groups and links documents together.
Gopher is an older, less-used information service that was a precursor to the Web.
Gopher is another application that is little used by the average Internet user.
Gopher is another information distribution service within the Internet.
Gopher is another Internet protocol.
Gopher is another means by which to access a wide variety of art-related groups, sites, and files.
Gopher is another method.
Gopher is another standard way to send and receive information on the Internet.
Gopher is another type of access method.
Gopher is another way of finding and retrieving files.
Gopher is another way of working on the Internet.
Gopher is available as client software on most Internet provider hosts.
Gopher is available from the unix command line by typing gopher .
Gopher is based on a hierarchy of menus.
Gopher is basically a menu-driven file retrieval system.
Gopher is both versatile and easy to use.
Gopher is case sensitive.
Gopher is completely menu-based.
Gopher is currently the most useful and friendly of the net-searching protocols.
Gopher is designed to present information as a series of menus which can be navigated by the user.
Gopher is difficult to explain but easy to use.
Gopher is distributed document delivery service available on the Internet.
Gopher is essentially a text-retrieval system.
Gopher is fast, easy to use, and comprehensive.
Gopher is found to be an incredible tool for information storage and retrieval purposes.
Gopher is introduced.
Gopher is now mostly just a memory.
Gopher is one of a new breed of tools that are making the Internet easier to use.
Gopher is one of the best ways to locate information on a non- graphical platform over internet.
Gopher is one of the best ways to locate information on and in the Internet.
Gopher is one of the services provided by Internet sites.
Gopher is organized by subject like a tree.
Gopher is organized in menu trees.
Gopher is really a global network of interconnected machines and communications links.
Gopher is set up by site administrators and provides a text based highearical structure.
Gopher is simply an easy way to browse through information that's available via the internet.
Gopher is smart enough to know which application to use to get a particular resource of interest.
Gopher is software that allows document retrieval using menus.
Gopher is still another Internet protocol.
Gopher is still in experimental mode at many gopherized sites.
Gopher is structured with a diminishing, hierarchical menu system from the general to the specific.
Gopher is text based.
Gopher is the color brown with a beige belly and nose.
Gopher is the earlier incarnation of a distributed database, and is on the decline.
Gopher is the easiest way to find information.
Gopher is the first point and click Internet interface.
Gopher is the most popular interface to the Internet, and it supports the latest Internet features.
Gopher is the name of a software program that finds electronic files.
Gopher is the name of an Internet access method.
Gopher is used across the Internet to provide menu-based access to resources.
Gopher is used to access information stored on computers around the world.
Gopher is used to read information on the Internet that has been made available to the public.
Gopher is useful for quickly browsing to documents being stored in the repository.
Gopher is very irate.
Gopher is very user-friendly.
Gopher is very widely available, with many independent implementations.
Gopher is well-connected The Library Gopher also connects users to other library resources.
Gopher isa rat.
Gopher mounds dull and plug sicklebars when hay is being harvested.
Gopher now has student legal services reports.
Gopher now offers documents from press releases to major publications.
Gopher offers a menu driven way of searching the net.
Gopher offers an astonishing variety of information in a very complex structure.
Gopher offers an extremely flexible, intuitive method for sharing information.
Gopher offers hierarchical menu-driven Internet searches.
Gopher offers many search mechanisms.
Gopher predates the Web , which eclipsed it over the last three years.
Gopher provides a broad range of information and services related to a variety of health issues.
Gopher provides a menu for accessing files.
Gopher provides a more automated way to get information from the Internet than ftp or telnet.
Gopher provides a text-based menu selection.
Gopher provides access, in a text-only format, to only some of the data.
Gopher provides acquisition of a final product via a series of menus.
Gopher provides automatic searches to identify relevant archie sites, usually through a menu system.
Gopher provides hierarchical menus of directories and documents.
Gopher provides search mechanisms for locating the information.
Gopher quickly apologizes.
Gopher See the Internet.
Gopher shows all information as either a file or a directory.
Gopher Start a telnet session with consultant.micro.umn.edu and use gopher as the login name.
Gopher Takes Heart.
Gopher uses a layered menu structure to allowyou to access documents.
Gopher uses a menu-based system to tunnel through the Internet.
Gopher uses a search utility called Veronica.
Gopher uses menus instead of hypertext.
Gopher uses the client server model of processing.
Gopher uses the combination to terminate a line in the request.
Gopher wants to earn money to buy a bike.
Gopher wears a long-sleeved white shirt.
Gophers actually have some beneficial qualities.
Gophers affect plants through disturbance of soil and herbivory.
Gophers also allow one to preview the files in a site located from menu.
Gophers also eat earthworms or small, soft-bodied insects.
Gophers also eat vegetables that grow beneath the surface.
Gophers also favor tree bark, particularly that of stone fruits, and can girdle trees.
Gophers also feed on large vegetables like carrots, garlic, and onions.
Gophers also love to devour the roots from underneath, so be vigilant.
Gophers also search databases by keywords.
Gophers appear to prefer to dig through dry soil.
Gophers are a text only, menu driven system for accessing information on another server.
Gophers are a very common rodent found in most areas of North America.
Gophers are accessible through the Web.
Gophers are active all year around, and live underground, in burrows that they dig themselves.
Gophers are active year round, solitary and territorial.
Gophers are also cool.
Gophers are an easy way for the novice or the expert to gather information.
Gophers are another threat altogether.
Gophers are attracted to the roots.
Gophers are cool.
Gophers are eligible for the postseason.
Gophers are everywhere.
Gophers are extremely helpful, especially for beginning users.
Gophers are found in a wide variety of soil types and conditions.
Gophers are gluttons, pure and simple.
Gophers are grass eaters and therefore are less than appreciated by ranchers.
Gophers are herbivores.
Gophers are how a few attorneys use paralegals.
Gophers are known for building complex underground tunnel systems.
Gophers are larger, brown ground dwellers.
Gophers are located in gardens.
Gophers are mammals.
Gophers are menu-based resources of text files.
Gophers are notorious hoarders.
Gophers are often affectionate with one another if a paternal bond is present.
Gophers are omnivores and love to eat fruit, vegetables, roots and seeds.
Gophers are omnivores and love to eat nuts, berries, grass, bulbs, leaves and insects.
Gophers are prey to predators, including hawks, owls, snakes, coyotes, weasels, and badgers.
Gophers are problems all over New Mexico and some other states also have problems with moles.
Gophers are retrieval tools which rely on a hierarchical menu.
Gophers are rodents with tiny tails, ears, and eyes.
Gophers are rodents.
Gophers are sandy brown to dark chocolate brown.
Gophers are search engines that deliver documents, rather than links to other sites.
Gophers are secretive and tend to live in the dark, a bit like the Internet.
Gophers are shy creatures that prefer to spend most of their time underground.
Gophers are solitary and somewhat territorial.
Gophers are solitary animals except when breeding or rearing young.
Gophers are squirrels.
Gophers are the Olestra chips of the conference.
Gophers are the silent runners who keep a con flowing.
Gophers are vegetarians eating plant roots, grass and green plant material.
Gophers are vegetarians.
Gophers are very important animals.
Gophers are what makes the con run.
Gophers automate the process of connecting to resources.
Gophers avoid things that smell of humans.
Gophers can also gnaw on and damage plastic water lines and lawn sprinkler systems.
Gophers can be a major problem once they move into the neighborhood.
Gophers can collect large hoards .
Gophers can collect large hoards.
Gophers can live in a wide variety of soil types and conditions.
Gophers can move backwards just as fast and nimbly as running forward.
Gophers can reproduce rapidly once they invade a favorable site.
Gophers -Check on props, televisions, anything else that is urgent and needed quickly.
Gophers clip off roots and strip bark below ground from young trees in windbreaks and orchards.
Gophers create horseshoe shaped mounds that are often destructive to farm equipment.
Gophers destroy gardens.
Gophers dig tunnels.
Gophers dislike it too.
Gophers disturb the lawn aesthetics and wreak havoc with the underground sprinklers.
Gophers eat mostly plant roots but also some above-ground parts, including alfalfa crown buds.
Gophers eat mostly roots, tubers, corms, and rhizomes exposed in their burrows.
Gophers eat plants.
Gophers eat roots, bulbs, grass, tubers, and seeds.
Gophers eat roots, foliage, just about anything a plant produces -and more.
Gophers eat roots.
Gophers eat vegetation.
Gophers emerge from hibernation.
Gophers enter artificial burrows.
Gophers enter burrows.
Gophers essentially point to other gophers on remote machines.
Gophers feed on crops.
Gophers feed on plants.
Gophers feed on roots, grasses, herbs, and seeds.
Gophers feed on roots, stems, and leaves.
Gophers fight by trying to tip each other over, like slow-motion sumo wrestling.
Gophers give dogs and foxes a seemingly irresistible urge to dig.
Gophers have (part) brains.
Gophers have (part) breasts.
Gophers have (part) cell membranes.
Gophers have (part) cells.
Gophers have (part) chest cavities.
Gophers have (part) chests.
Gophers have (part) corpi.
Gophers have (part) cytoplasm.
Gophers have (part) ears.
Gophers have (part) faces.
Gophers have (part) heads.
Gophers have (part) nuclei.
Gophers have (part) pedal extremities.
Gophers have (part) piluses.
Gophers have (part) plasma membranes.
Gophers have (part) rib cages.
Gophers have (part) sections.
Gophers have (part) skulls.
Gophers have (part) sterna.
Gophers have (part) vacuoles.
Gophers have (part) vertebrate feet.
Gophers have brownish soft fur, large check pouches and flattened heads with small ears and eyes.
Gophers have large paired incisor teeth.
Gophers have long front teeth , tiny features , and short tails .
Gophers have long front teeth, tiny features, and short tails.
Gophers have necks.
Gophers have predators.
Gophers have short necks.
Gophers have small external ears, small eyes, and lips that close behind their large incisors.
Gophers have stomachs.
Gophers have very sensitive noses.
Gophers inflict damage.
Gophers invade yards.
Gophers is hairy little varmits.
Gophers live in areas.
Gophers live on roots, seeds, and other plant parts and serve a valuable ecological role.
Gophers Lose U benches four players.
Gophers occupy habitats.
Gophers occupy rocky habitats.
Gophers permit subject searches in a wide range of topics, but only locate text, no graphics.
Gophers prefer it and it's quick action ensures no secondary poisoning.
Gophers primarily use their teeth and huge front claws to excavate their burrows.
Gophers produce sound.
Gophers produce whistle sound.
Gophers provide a simple way of using Internet resources.
Gophers reach maturity.
Gophers reach sexual maturity.
Gophers readily receive baits except during very hot or very cold days.
Gophers require a lot of energy and don t hibernate.
Gophers run errands, fetch things and deliver things for directors and staff leads mostly.
Gophers seal the openings to the burrow system with earthen plugs.
Gophers see better than moles but their sense of hearing is approximately equal.
Gophers seek roots, and destroy the plants or trees in the process.
Gophers share burrows.
Gophers stay with the partner that they first copulate passionately with.
Gophers survive in climates.
Gophers take advantage of three key helpers to make find information even easier.
Gophers tend to cause the most problems for producers.
Gophers then use their forefeet and chest to push the soil out of the burrow.
Gophers use their sense of smell to locate food.
Gophers always plug their tunnels and feedholes.
Gophers sometimes damage trees by girdling or clipping stems and by pruning roots.
Gophers usually live alone.
Gophers usually tunnel searching for food underground.
All gophers are a collection of hierachical menus.
All gophers are small mammals, yet are larger than many other rodents.
Many gophers live here.
More Gophers Go to the previous , next section.
More gophers mean more owls, etc.
Most Gophers allow users to search for information too.
Most gophers destroy gardens.
Most gophers eat plants.
Most gophers eat roots.
Most gophers eat vegetation.
Most gophers emerge from hibernation.
Most gophers enter artificial burrows.
Most gophers enter burrows.
Most gophers feed on crops.
Most gophers feed on plants.
Most gophers have brown fur which often closely matches the color of the soil in which they live .
Most gophers have brown fur which often closely matches the color of the soil in which they live.
Most gophers have necks.
Most gophers have predators.
Most gophers have short necks.
Most gophers inflict damage.
Most gophers invade yards.
Most gophers live in areas.
Most gophers live in more rural, prairie areas.
Most gophers occupy habitats.
Most gophers occupy rocky habitats.
Most gophers produce sound.
Most gophers produce whistle sound.
Most gophers reach maturity.
Most gophers reach sexual maturity.
Most gophers share burrows.
Most gophers survive in climates.
Some gophers are really ground squirrels or marmots .
Some gophers are really ground squirrels or marmots.
Some gophers consume grass.
Some gophers consume taproots.
Some gophers dig tunnels.
Some gophers eat bait.
Some gophers have cats.
Some gophers have different feed habits.
Some gophers have habits.
Some gophers have tolerance.
Some gophers occupy hemispheres.
Some gophers occupy western hemispheres.
Some gophers occur in areas.
Some gophers take advantage.
Some gophers vary in length.
A goral is a bovid
Goral isa ungulate.
Gorals are cautious and timid.
Gorals are extremely nimble, and can move at high speeds across formidable terrain.
Gorals are extremely nimble, and can move at high speeds across inaccessible terrain.
Gorals are territorial animals.
Gorals are threatened by habitat destruction and recreational hunt.
Gorals have (part) brains.
Gorals have (part) breasts.
Gorals have (part) cannon bones.
Gorals have (part) cell membranes.
Gorals have (part) cells.
Gorals have (part) chest cavities.
Gorals have (part) chests.
Gorals have (part) corpi.
Gorals have (part) cytoplasm.
Gorals have (part) ears.
Gorals have (part) faces.
Gorals have (part) heads.
Gorals have (part) hip sockets.
Gorals have (part) hoofs.
Gorals have (part) nuclei.
Gorals have (part) piluses.
Gorals have (part) plasma membranes.
Gorals have (part) rib cages.
Gorals have (part) second stomachs.
Gorals have (part) sections.
Gorals have (part) skulls.
Gorals have (part) sterna.
Gorals have (part) vacuoles.
Gorals have faces.
Gorals have limbs.
Gorals have short, woolly undercoats and long, coarse, rather erect guard hairs.
Gorals inhabit more precipitous and barren slopes.
Gorals rely on senses.
Gorals use that skill to escape from predators.
Gorals warn others of danger by hissing and snorting in a way that sounds to people like a sneeze.
Gorals sometimes pretend to be dead by lying motionless on the ground.
Most gorals have limbs.
Most gorals rely on senses.
Some gorals feed on grass.
Some gorals graze on grass.
Some gorals reach maturity.
Gorbachevs role is discussed.
Gorden children fundraiser A young mother died last week after a two year fight with lymphoma.
Gordonstone miners standing firm Thousands show support for locked-out miners.
Gore Island is as much a part of our history as a part of Africa's history.
Gore is a piece
Gore is cloth
Gores also is clear about how plodding that process can be.
All gores appear to have been hand mounted.
Gorge formation is accelerated by certain geological processes.
A gorge is a passageway
Gorge isa location.
Gorges are ravines.
Gorges carve two clefts through town.
Gorges change from season to season, and are just a function of personal and designer style.
Most gorges are formed through water erosion.
Some gorges are of course easier to negotiate and slightly safer than others.
Some gorges have rainfall.
Gorgeous arcades soar into redness above the furnishings.
Many gorgeous areas have paths and trails for runners.
Gorgeous arrangements begin with premium dried flowers from our Maine farms.
Gorgeous babes get nasty in hot free pics.
Gorgeous beaches surround large gardens with a dreamlike pool landscape.
Every gorgeous condo is oceanfront with stunning views of the reef and beach.
Gorgeous condominiums offer incredible views of the Gulf of Mexico.
Gorgeous fabric changes color with the light.
Gorgeous flowers have identities.
Most gorgeous flowers have identities.
Some gorgeous flowers resemble irises.
Gorgeous gardens start here.
Gorgeous graphics depict a list of cities appearing against a star-studded black background.
Gorgeous guys aim to please.
Gorgeous guys show off their faces, dicks, pecs, and butts.
Gorgeous images illustrate the book.
Gorgeous maples shade the head of the marsh.
Gorgeous orchids fill the window.
Gorgeous packaging contains a CD-ROM interface.
Gorgeous photographs give lots of inspiration.
Gorgeous purple stems, leaves and lilac-rose flowers form in summer.
Gorgeous rhododendrons grace the entry.
Gorgeous software Create a new topic to add to the discussion group.
Gorgeous sunsets are also a common sight.
Gorgeous watch has large faux pearl and crystal stations linked to rich goldplated metal.
A gorget is a shell
Gorgets also help identify the various species of hummingbirds.
Gorgets are now almost entirely out of use.
A gorgonian coral is a coral
Gorgonian corals have internal skeletons of a flexible, horny substance.
Gorgonian Fans follow the steep ridge to the depths of the Indian Ocean.
A gorgonian is a coral
Gorgonians are a diverse group, with most species occuring in tropical and sub-tropical waters.
Gorgonians are corals.
Gorgonians are huge and lacy, interspersed with barrel and vase sponges.
Gorgonians are very common animals on our reefs, gently waving in the currents.
Gorgonians have a flexible skeletal structure which sways with the water currents.
Gorgonzola isa cheese.
Gorgonzolas have (part) cheese rinds.
A gorilla is a pongid
Gorilla censuses to monitor gorilla population.
Gorilla isa ape.
Gorilla talks on timed schedule.
Gorillas also chuckle, smile and purr.
Gorillas also die of human diseases.
Gorillas also eat the placenta to recover minerals.
Gorillas also have larger arms than legs.
Gorillas also ingest soil and feces, as well as insects and other invertebrates.
Gorillas amble around the forest floor using their feet and knuckles.
Gorillas are a specialized type of herbivore called a folivore.
Gorillas are active in the daytime.
Gorillas are aggressive and ferocious.
Gorillas are almost entirely herbivorous.
Gorillas are almost exclusively herbivorous.
Gorillas are also prone to periodontal disease.
Gorillas are animals.
Gorillas are apes - larger, with much larger brains, and no tails.
Gorillas are apes.
Gorillas are big, stocky creatures with a massive head and bulging forehead.
Gorillas are capable of some marvelous feats of cognitive understanding.
Gorillas are considered highly intelligent.
Gorillas are covered with black or brown hair, they have shiny black faces and large teeth.
Gorillas are dark skinned with reddish brown to nearly black, coarse hair.
Gorillas are for the zoo.
Gorillas are generally herbivores.
Gorillas are generally quiet animals.
Gorillas are gentle and peace-loving animals.
Gorillas are gentle, intelligent animals that have long been misunderstood as ferocious beasts.
Gorillas are great apes.
Gorillas are herbivores and eat leaves, shoots, roots, vines and fruits.
Gorillas are herbivores which means that they only consume plant live.
Gorillas are herbivores, or plant eaters, and bamboo is one of their favorite foods.
Gorillas are herbivores.
Gorillas are highly sexually dimorphic.
Gorillas are hominids.
Gorillas are huge with a short, thick, trunk and a broad chest and shoulders.
Gorillas are incredibly smart by animal standards, as well as strong enough to move trucks.
Gorillas are intelligent mammals from Africa.
Gorillas are known as gorillas.
Gorillas are large apes that are native to Africa.
Gorillas are large, quiet, gentle apes that live in Africa .
Gorillas are large, quiet, shy apes that live in Africa.
Gorillas are maimed or killed by traps set for other animals.
Gorillas are mammals with a reproduction behavior similar to that of other hominids.
Gorillas are mammals.
Gorillas are mammals.
Gorillas are more than just an animal that just roams around in the wildlife.
Gorillas are more typically vegetarian, with less emphasis on fruit.
Gorillas are most active in the morning.
Gorillas are mostly herbivores , eating mostly leaves and plant stems.
Gorillas are mostly herbivores , eating mostly plant material.
Gorillas are noisy animals.
Gorillas are obviously strong, but also slow.
Gorillas are one of the four apes.
Gorillas are our closest living relatives after chimpanzees and bonobos .
Gorillas are part of apes.
Gorillas are part of great apes.
Gorillas are part of the ape family.
Gorillas are peaceful animals that live in family groups called troops .
Gorillas are peaceful animals that live in family groups called troops.
Gorillas are people too.
Gorillas are polygamous animals.
Gorillas are predominantly herbivores, eating mostly plant material.
Gorillas are quiet apes, residing in family groups.
Gorillas are reluctant to cross even the shallowest of streams.
Gorillas are sexually mature at six to nine years of age.
Gorillas are shy and peaceful.
Gorillas are shy animals that are most active during the day.
Gorillas are shy.
Gorillas are skilled hunters of other animals.
Gorillas are social, living in groups.
Gorillas are some of the most fascinating, yet misunderstood animals in the world.
Gorillas are susceptible to new diseases.
Gorillas are the biggest primates .
Gorillas are the biggest primates.
Gorillas are the large firms that have a deathgrip on hypergrowth markets.
Gorillas are the largest and most powerful of the apes.
Gorillas are the largest apes in the world and are habitants of the African jungle.
Gorillas are the largest of all primates.
Gorillas are the largest primates that belong to the genus eponymous.
Gorillas are the largest primates.
Gorillas are the most powerful of all the primates.
Gorillas are the next closest relatives, both to chimps and humans.
Gorillas are the next most closely related to the chimpanzees and human primates.
Gorillas are too sensitive.
Gorillas are triploblastic animals.
Gorillas are typically quiet and gentle.
Gorillas are vegetarian, feeding mainly on leaves, buds, stalks, berries, bark and ferns.
Gorillas are very gentle creatures.
Gorillas are very good at being gorillas.
Gorillas are very intelligent and can learn extremely complex tasks.
Gorillas are very intriguing animals and people still study their behavior patterns today.
Gorillas are video games.
Gorillas are warm-blooded mammals.
Gorillas avoid the peak hours of the sun.
Gorillas breed throughout the year.
Gorillas build a new sleeping nest every night.
Gorillas build fresh nests daily out of leaves and other vegetation in which they sleep at night.
Gorillas build new sleep nests each night.
Gorillas can and do remember individual people.
Gorillas choose fruit that is high in sugar for energy, as well as fiber.
Gorillas come from Africa.
Gorillas communicate just like humans.
Gorillas construct nests for day and night use.
Gorillas construct nests for daytime and night use.
Gorillas consume insects.
Gorillas depend on fruit.
Gorillas develop in basically the same way as humans before they are born.
Gorillas dictate standards, control the supply chain, and influence investment patterns.
Gorillas die out on the South bank of the Congo River .
Gorillas display intelligence.
Gorillas display many human-like behaviors and emotions, such as laughter and sadness.
Gorillas do it occasionally.
Gorillas eat bamboo.
Gorillas eat bananas.
Gorillas eat berries, plants, and insects.
Gorillas eat diets.
Gorillas eat fiber food.
Gorillas eat food.
Gorillas eat fruit.
Gorillas eat fruits, leaves, vegetables and wide variety of stems from trees and bushes.
Gorillas eat insects.
Gorillas eat leaves.
Gorillas eat mostly leaves and stems, but also like fruit.
Gorillas eat mostly plant foods like leaves, shoots, fruit, bulbs, bark, vines and nettles.
Gorillas eat mostly plant foods like leaves, shoots, fruit, bulbs, bark, vines, and nettles.
Gorillas eat only plants in the wild, with lots of fiber and very little fat.
Gorillas eat plants.
Gorillas eat vegetables.
Gorillas eat vegetarian diets.
Gorillas eat vegetation.
Gorillas eat wood and the occasional stone.
Gorillas enjoy a very special status that rewards the investor with wonderful returns.
Gorillas enter adulthood.
Gorillas feed on fruit.
Gorillas feed on seasonal fruits and disperse seeds in their dung as they travel.
Gorillas feel deeply and remember for years.
Gorillas form small, non-territorial harems usually dominated by a single, mature male.
Gorillas get the high score for the week and are already the team that everyone is gunning for.
Gorillas get the RBIs.
Gorillas give birth after eight months of gestation.
Gorillas grow to be big and strong on leaves, roots, and fruits.
Gorillas has-part arms.
Gorillas has-part guts.
Gorillas has-part incisors.
Gorillas has-part molars.
Gorillas has-part penises.
Gorillas has-part teeth.
Gorillas have (part) brains.
Gorillas have (part) breasts.
Gorillas have (part) cell membranes.
Gorillas have (part) cells.
Gorillas have (part) chest cavities.
Gorillas have (part) chests.
Gorillas have (part) corpi.
Gorillas have (part) cytoplasm.
Gorillas have (part) ears.
Gorillas have (part) faces.
Gorillas have (part) heads.
Gorillas have (part) nuclei.
Gorillas have (part) pedal extremities.
Gorillas have (part) piluses.
Gorillas have (part) plasma membranes.
Gorillas have (part) rib cages.
Gorillas have (part) sections.
Gorillas have (part) skulls.
Gorillas have (part) sterna.
Gorillas have (part) vacuoles.
Gorillas have (part) vertebrate feet.
Gorillas have a distinctive shape in that their stomachs are larger than their chests.
Gorillas have a long palm and a very short thumb.
Gorillas have a patchy distribution.
Gorillas have a very similar yawn to humans.
Gorillas have an erratic distribution across the globe.
Gorillas have appetite.
Gorillas have arms that are much longer than their legs.
Gorillas have arms.
Gorillas have babies ever four years.
Gorillas have backs.
Gorillas have basically the same type of cells as a human does.
Gorillas have behavior.
Gorillas have black to brownish-gray hair and dark skin.
Gorillas have coats.
Gorillas have dark brown to black fur and black skin.
Gorillas have dark skin and black to brown-grey hair.
Gorillas have diets.
Gorillas have faces.
Gorillas have finger prints like humans and nails instead of claws.
Gorillas have good eyesight which is used for finding and identifying food and to spot movement.
Gorillas have gray coats.
Gorillas have habitat use patterns.
Gorillas have hands that are shaped so they can climb trees.
Gorillas have heads.
Gorillas have large strong teeth adapted for the coarse vegetation they consume.
Gorillas have many ways in which they communicate, both verbally and non verbally.
Gorillas have massive heads.
Gorillas have much larger and more formidable incisors, but they are completely vegetarian.
Gorillas have no place else to go.
Gorillas have no tail.
Gorillas have patterns.
Gorillas have pink skin.
Gorillas have ranges.
Gorillas have similar patterns.
Gorillas have skin.
Gorillas have teeth.
Gorillas have toes.
Gorillas have two full sets of teeth during their lifetime, similar to humans.
Gorillas have vary diets.
Gorillas have vegetarian diets.
Gorillas have wrinkles.
Gorillas hear sound.
Gorillas help scientists.
Gorillas hide in forests.
Gorillas however are capable of neither.
Gorillas life in regions.
Gorillas like to do sign language.
Gorillas like to have room where they stay at so they can roam.
Gorillas like to sunbathe.
Gorillas live about half as long as a human.
Gorillas live at environments.
Gorillas live at zoos.
Gorillas live exclusively in the tropical rain forests of Africa .
Gorillas live for years.
Gorillas live in Africa.
Gorillas live in Africa.
Gorillas live in communities.
Gorillas live in countries.
Gorillas live in different habitats.
Gorillas live in family groups called troops.
Gorillas live in family groups.
Gorillas live in forests.
Gorillas live in groups as adults.
Gorillas live in groups called troops.
Gorillas live in groups than can range between five and thirty members.
Gorillas live in groups.
Gorillas live in groups.
Gorillas live in habitats.
Gorillas live in highlands.
Gorillas live in jungle.
Gorillas live in regions.
Gorillas live in the rainforests in central Africa.
Gorillas live in the rainforests of Africa, they eat leaves, grass, bark and fruit.
Gorillas live in the Zaire River basin.
Gorillas live in tribes.
Gorillas live in troops and each troop is led by and old male.
Gorillas live in zoos.
Gorillas live on sides.
Gorillas look like the chimpanzees they sit next to in the zoo.
Gorillas love to play.
Gorillas make sound.
Gorillas move quickly around the jungle, but our trackers had no compasses, no maps, and no paths.
Gorillas never get that big.
Gorillas never use the same nest twice.
Gorillas normally build their nests for resting.
Gorillas normally walk by putting their feet flat and walking on the knuckles of their hands.
Gorillas occur in Africa.
Gorillas occur in forests.
Gorillas occur in regions.
Gorillas only differ by one a amino acid or two.
Gorillas play in woodlands.
Gorillas possess blood.
Gorillas possess food.
Gorillas possess hair.
Gorillas possess nails.
Gorillas possess offspring.
Gorillas prefer food.
Gorillas produce offspring.
Gorillas raise babies.
Gorillas reach ages.
Gorillas reach maturity.
Gorillas reach sexual maturity.
Gorillas reach sexually maturity at around XX years for males and XX years for females.
Gorillas receive food.
Gorillas recognize each other by their faces and body shapes.
Gorillas rely on fruit.
Gorillas rely on vines.
Gorillas reproduce very slowly and thus populations take a long time to recover.
Gorillas require muscles.
Gorillas require something.
Gorillas roam forests.
Gorillas seek food.
Gorillas share ancestors.
Gorillas share many activities with little regard to gender.
Gorillas sit in Africa.
Gorillas sit in forests.
Gorillas sit in habitats.
Gorillas sit in regions.
Gorillas sleep in nests that they build on the ground .
Gorillas sleep in nests that they build on the ground.
Gorillas sleep in trees, usually a different one each night.
Gorillas spend half of their day looking for food and eating.
Gorillas spend their days at quite a leisurely pace, eating, resting and playing.
Gorillas stand on legs.
Gorillas stay with mothers.
Gorillas stick out their tongues to show anger.
Gorillas stick out their tongues when they're angry.
Gorillas stick their tongues out to show anger.
Gorillas stick to a mainly vegetarian diet, feeding on stems, bamboo shoots and fruits.
Gorillas suffer from cardiac diseases.
Gorillas suffer from diseases.
Gorillas swallow food.
Gorillas talk, play and entertain themselves.
Gorillas thrive in the tropical and subtropical forests that run along the equatorial belt.
Gorillas travel in groups looking for bamboo, bark, buds, fruit and leaves to eat.
Gorillas use canine teeth.
Gorillas use subtle body language to communicate and watch.
Gorillas use teeth.
Gorillas use their fingers, eyes, and lips to examine and clean.
Gorillas use their hands and feet to walk, run and climb.
Gorillas want gorillas.
Gorillas want something.
Gorillas weigh lbs.
Gorillas usually gather their food in trees and eat it on the ground.
Gorillas usually have lots in common with humans with the nervous system.
Gorillas usually like to play and eat during their time.
Gorillas usually move by using their knuckles to support their upper body.
All gorillas eat vegetation.
All gorillas walk are knuckle-walking meaning that they walk on their knuckles other than hands.
Every gorilla has a personality.
Most gorillas are black.
Most gorillas are known as gorillas.
Most gorillas are omnivores and eat a variety of food including vegetation, fruit, and insects.
Most gorillas come from Africa.
Most gorillas depend on fruit.
Most gorillas eat bamboo.
Most gorillas eat bananas.
Most gorillas eat diets.
Most gorillas eat fiber food.
Most gorillas eat food.
Most gorillas eat fruit.
Most gorillas eat insects.
Most gorillas eat leaves.
Most gorillas eat plants.
Most gorillas eat vegetables.
Most gorillas eat vegetarian diets.
Most gorillas eat vegetation.
Most gorillas enter adulthood.
Most gorillas feed on fruit.
Most gorillas has-part arms.
Most gorillas has-part guts.
Most gorillas has-part incisors.
Most gorillas has-part molars.
Most gorillas has-part penises.
Most gorillas has-part teeth.
Most gorillas have arms.
Most gorillas have backs.
Most gorillas have behavior.
Most gorillas have coats.
Most gorillas have diets.
Most gorillas have gray coats.
Most gorillas have heads.
Most gorillas have massive heads.
Most gorillas have patterns.
Most gorillas have pink skin.
Most gorillas have ranges.
Most gorillas have similar patterns.
Most gorillas have skin.
Most gorillas have teeth.
Most gorillas have toes.
Most gorillas have vegetarian diets.
Most gorillas have wrinkles.
Most gorillas hear sound.
Most gorillas help scientists.
Most gorillas hide in forests.
Most gorillas live at environments.
Most gorillas live at zoos.
Most gorillas live in Africa.
Most gorillas live in communities.
Most gorillas live in countries.
Most gorillas live in different habitats.
Most gorillas live in forests.
Most gorillas live in groups.
Most gorillas live in habitats.
Most gorillas live in highlands.
Most gorillas live in jungle.
Most gorillas live in regions.
Most gorillas live in zoos.
Most gorillas live on sides.
Most gorillas make sound.
Most gorillas occur in Africa.
Most gorillas occur in forests.
Most gorillas occur in regions.
Most gorillas play in woodlands.
Most gorillas possess blood.
Most gorillas possess food.
Most gorillas possess hair.
Most gorillas possess offspring.
Most gorillas prefer food.
Most gorillas produce offspring.
Most gorillas raise babies.
Most gorillas reach ages.
Most gorillas reach maturity.
Most gorillas reach sexual maturity.
Most gorillas receive food.
Most gorillas rely on fruit.
Most gorillas rely on vines.
Most gorillas require muscles.
Most gorillas require something.
Most gorillas seek food.
Most gorillas sit in Africa.
Most gorillas sit in forests.
Most gorillas sit in habitats.
Most gorillas sit in regions.
Most gorillas stand on legs.
Most gorillas stay with mothers.
Most gorillas suffer from cardiac diseases.
Most gorillas suffer from diseases.
Most gorillas use canine teeth.
Most gorillas use teeth.
Most gorillas weigh lbs.
Some gorillas are killed by rescuers.
Some gorillas are located in zoos.
Some gorillas attack some men.
Some gorillas carry babies.
Some gorillas destroy vegetation.
Some gorillas develop addiction.
Some gorillas develop sugar addiction.
Some gorillas die at zoos.
Some gorillas die before adulthood.
Some gorillas die before reach adulthood.
Some gorillas eat apples.
Some gorillas eat berries.
Some gorillas eat figs.
Some gorillas eat foliage.
Some gorillas eat herbs.
Some gorillas eat tomatoes.
Some gorillas excrete less estrogens.
Some gorillas exist in countries.
Some gorillas feed in groups.
Some gorillas go to zoos.
Some gorillas grab boys.
Some gorillas have babies.
Some gorillas have bonds.
Some gorillas have brow ridges.
Some gorillas have crests.
Some gorillas have feelings.
Some gorillas have members.
Some gorillas have pronounce brow ridges.
Some gorillas have pronounce ridges.
Some gorillas have ridges.
Some gorillas have social bonds.
Some gorillas have spiritual feelings.
Some gorillas have weak bonds.
Some gorillas have weak social bonds.
Some gorillas have zoos.
Some gorillas hide food.
Some gorillas live at elevation.
Some gorillas live in central west african countries.
Some gorillas live in earth.
Some gorillas live in elevation.
Some gorillas live in Rwanda.
Some gorillas live in Uganda.
Some gorillas live in wildlife sanctuaries in their natural habitat.
Some gorillas live on slopes.
Some gorillas lose life.
Some gorillas make nests.
Some gorillas move when others approach.
Some gorillas occur in environments.
Some gorillas play in habitats.
Some gorillas reach height.
Some gorillas share Africa.
Some gorillas share food.
Some gorillas sit in ecosystems.
Some gorillas sit in trees.
Some gorillas sit in wetland.
Some gorillas sit on leaves.
Some gorillas switch diets.
Some gorillas thrive in Africa.
Some gorillas vary in length.
Gorontalese society is patrilineal, which means that lines of descent are traced through the males.
Gorse bushes grow on top of it.
Gorse hedges are a widely recognized feature of the New Zealand agricultural landscape.
Gorse petals have a lovely coconut like aroma on a warm day.
A goshawk is a hawk
Goshawk is also resident.
Goshawk lives from the Arctic to Mexico, so it can survive in many environments.
Goshawks also take reptiles and insects.
Goshawks are a potential indicator species.
Goshawks are birds of prey.
Goshawks are generally non-migratory.
Goshawks are hawks.
Goshawks are migratory birds whose population usually fluctuates with that of hares.
Goshawks are opportunistic predators whose diets vary considerably depending upon prey availability.
Goshawks are usually silent except when they are courting.
Goshawks eat a variety of diurnal birds of prey including kestrels, buzzards, and kites.
Goshawks eat birds and small mammals.
Goshen college is primarily a teaching institution.
Goshen men compete in baseball, basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, tennis and track and field.
A gosling is a goose
Goslings are covered in greenish-grey down.
Goslings are gooses.
Goslings are precocial.
Goslings are prey for larger birds such as eagles and owls.
Goslings are unable to survive very long on their own.
Goslings are young animals.
