Users save their work to a special location on the machines.
Users say beta interferon reduces the frequency and severity of the painful bouts.
Users say DVD-equipped laptops have enormous advantages over other kinds of portable video players.
Users say helps the body to heal itself.
Users say higher speeds are necessary to ensure widespread adoption of wireless Web services.
Users say it combats aging and skin conditions with good results.
Users say it loosens inhibitions and makes people more relaxed.
Users say it produces positive feelings, empathy and extreme relaxation and eliminates anxiety.
Users say logon is slow.
Users say telnet unix.
Users say that beta interferon reduces the frequency and severity of painful bouts.
Users say that swallowing the pills is less painful than chewing.
Users say that the drug has a calming effect with heightened perceptions of colours and sounds.
Users say the company boasts a good customer service program.
Users say the drug causes increased alertness and a sense of well-being.
Users say the feature they call a split tunnel, has two benefits.
Users say the name of picture and the computer evaluates whether it is correct.
Users say the savings are small.
Users say the sensation is extremely pleasurable.
Users say they experience feelings of increased confidence, sociability and energy.
Users say they hear things better, and they see details they have never seen before.
Users say urine is sterile, antiseptic and non-toxic.
Users say vendors last year rushed enthusiastic customers into unstable online marketplaces.
Users say watching the jellyfish can be as hypnotic as staring at the real things.
Users scan information and recklessly skip over any text they deem to be fluff.
Users scan the device over a printed page to read embedded code in articles or advertisements.
Users scan through for regional suppliers, or contact via e-mail or phone.
Users scan web pages.
Users scan, so write for scannability.
Users scare easily.
Users scroll down to view pages and can jump back to the top of the page to return.
Users scroll the grid left and right and then click on an icon to retrieve a document.
Users scroll through a playlist and can view CD covers of the songs.
Users scrolling through the site find helpful hints on travel and shopping.
Users search major chemical catalogs and place orders for chemicals from participating vendors.
Users search the database and order any required article direct from their keyboard.
Users search the job bank's national database as well as access employer maintained listings.
Users search through a menu of features by pressing forward or backward scroll keys.
Users searching for cards can use the database just like any search engine.
Users see a closeup view of that part.
Users see a detailed view of that part.
Users see a final product.
Users see a little photo of other users while chat.
Users see a small selection of sites, with the rest of the mobile Internet out of reach.
Users see all available options, and can make selections in the order of preference.
Users see an HTML form with fields to enter their username and password.
Users see an image of their hand which duplicates the motion of the real thing.
Users see and manipulate object representations of their information.
Users see applications.
Users see banner ads while they're on the call.
Users see benefits.
Users see bigger muscles, but they are blind to the intricacies of their internal systems.
Users see Decision Making Unit .
Users see few reasons to upgrade if what they have works just fine.
Users see forms that are as familiar as the paper versions on their desks.
Users see great muscle definition, and they lose inches more rapidly when sticking to their plan.
Users see honesty when information is naked to the eye.
Users see information about the faxes they submitted.
Users see information as visualizations that they can directly manipulate in an intuitive way.
Users see instant results in an attractive graph.
Users see instructors for assembling or repairing that part.
Users see only a reliable, available utility that dispenses storage upon demand.
Users see only data for their own subsystem.
Users see only screen prints of their applications from PCs, thin clients and handheld devices.
Users see real value in feed grains and soy products at the current price levels.
Users see short notations of calendar items each day as they log on to the site.
Users see something more meaningful than a black box for unrepresentable characters.
Users see the condition of the forest as good and feel that the level of conservation is adequate.
Users see the different alternatives from a variety of perspectives and enter their reactions.
Users see the document exactly as it appears in printed form.
Users see the message Maximum number of simultaneous users logged on, please try later.
Users see the updated data.
Users see the updated holdings as soon as a new piece of material is cataloged.
Users see their account information online.
Users see their preferred desktop arrangements from any computer.
Users see their scores and typing ability improve.
Users see themselves and the other participants arranged in a grid on their screen.
Users see URL targets as they mouse over images.
Users see video by simply going to a website with an Internet browser.
Users see what chemicals are released and can find out which are the most toxic.
Users seek advice.
Users seek information at the granularity of a document.
Users seek medical advice.
Users seeking a consistent environment usually end up writing fairly complex shell startup files.
Users seeking access to network resources now only have to pass through a single checkpoint.
Users seeking images input relatively few terms to specify their image information needs on the Web.
Users seem interested in simple features rather than multimedia.
Users seem interested in the diagnostic list .
Users seem more in touch with the world and generally seem to be better communicators.
Users seem pleasantly surprised when they get immediate answers.
Users seem to be doing an admirable job of filling the gaps.
Users seem to be paying attention.
Users seem to have found it to be a satisfactory test, easy to administer and score.
Users seem to like it too.
Users seem to like the option.
Users seem to like the quality of information they get.
Users seem to rely heavily on instincts and brute strength when fighting.
Users seem to think that grace is way more difficult than origin to use.
Users seem willing to wait varying amounts of time for different types of interactions.
Users select a candidate and an issue, and view the corresponding clip.
Users select a category of interest to see a display of chemical names for that letter.
Users select a category of interest to view the topic's sources, listed alphabetically.
Users select a channel and hear streaming audio over the Web.
Users select a date to identify when employees are due their next performance review.
Users select a day of the month to display a list of event titles.
Users select a desired translation language, and type in a search request.
Users select a document they wish to draft or a form they wish to fill.
Users select a form from a computer screen and fill it in directly from the keyboard.
Users select a genre such as science fiction, romance, mystery, and western.
Users select a module via a light bar or by entering one or two letters of the module title.
Users select a region of interest from a map and a set of variables from a listbox tool.
Users select a specific month and day.
Users select a subject area and the type of sources they want and a list is created.
Users select a unit to download in .PDF format.
Users select a username, then go to a chat 'room'.
Users select among several modes of cloning.
Users select an area to view, and the system provides an index map of that area.
Users select an item and the hypermedia system follows the associated reference.
Users select an object by putting a brick at an object position.
Users select areas.
Users select by first letter of the company name, or by scrolling down an alphabetical list.
Users select criteria that result in an individualized exploration path.
Users select default charts or define their own using a chart setup screen.
Users select documents for post-searching functions by pressing the spacebar on their keyboard.
Users select first a module in which they have an interest.
Users select from a growing number of topics and ask a question.
Users select from a list of categories that are defined for the Web site.
Users select from a menu of knowledge bases.
Users select how address and protocol information is displayed according to level of detail desired.
Users select items and place orders.
Users select items from forms built on the fly.
Users select major functions and activities from a file cabinet button bar or a toolbar.
Users select one of six subjects, such as party.
Users select one or more environments to suit themselves and their purposes.
Users select the appropriate database to print out results.
Users select the cell pattern of choice along with other attributes of the job.
Users select the county, the features to display, and labeling options.
Users select the date and time to be viewed.
Users select the desired characters by pressing the conversion key.
Users select the desired line by pushing one of the line keys.
Users select the job queue that best fits each job.
Users select the level they desire.
Users select the name of the institution, then the department through which the course was taken.
Users select the options they want from the preferences page.
Users select the required functions and options from a series of graphic menus.
Users select the role that most closely matches their own at the beginning of the process.
Users select the segments of the sequence to be analysed.
Users select the State and then the Training Occupation.
Users select the three-dimensional solid model and define material and injection locations.
Users select the topic they want to hear.
Users select the type of information and location to be mapped.
Users select the types of tags to be used as masks.
Users select the user name and password of their choice.
Users select the variables they want, like map size, resources available, tile-set, etc.
Users select their content preferences, and then content headlines are delivered to their desktops.
Users select their destination, and input a credit card and a personal identification number.
Users select their own personal password to accompany their username.
Users select their school from a database and supply an e-mail address and zip code.
Users select their school from our database and supply an e-mail address and zip code.
Users select their state and city from a pull-down menu.
Users select to receive topical mailings from a master list.
Users select which fonts to catalog and how they are to be cataloged.
Users selecting subject receive a large number of topics and subtopics from which to choose.
Users send a picture of a room and provide design or improvement information.
Users send and receive facsimiles much the same way as e-mail.
Users send and receive information by voice.
Users send and receive mail from the site.
Users send completed forms to the court via a modem, through a mail service, or on a diskette.
Users send each other messages and can easily communicate with friends and family.
Users send electronic messages to specific email addresses.
Users send email to when they wish to have a request processed.
Users send in their verdicts.
Users send the list server E-mail messages to control their configuration options.
Users send their documents, spreadsheets, and reports to the print server.
Users send videos and still images within minutes of opening the box.
Users setting up a domain can enter their desired domain name and get a list of the closest matches.
Users setup any new controls necessary.
Users share all sorts of trouble shooting information there.
Users share audio files between each other.
Users share common interest.
Users share directories and printers across the network using share level access.
Users share experience.
Users share experiences with automation techniques for synthesis.
Users share graphics during a session and automatically save transcripts of conversations.
Users share information.
Users share interest.
Users share one wide frequency band, using unique codes to identify and separate calls.
Users share secrets about new and upcoming storage technologies.
Users share the cost of an annual service contract for the cryostat.
Users share the printer and can instantly view printing status on line.
Users share the space, two faculty members to a carrel.
Users share time and frequency allocations, and are channeled according to unique codes.
Users sharing workplan templates and rota pattern files is a good idea.
Users sign in at the circulation desk.
Users sign on only once to access the trading network.
Users sign up for specific delivery items.
Users sign up online with a minimum amount of hassle.
Users sign up to receive the episodes, which are downloaded into their email on a weekly basis.
Users sign up to usethe computer that is used only for Internet access.
Users sign up using their e-mail address.
Users sign up.
Users simply access a list of printers via a Web browser and click on the printer they want.
Users simply access the service via the Internet using a Web browser of their choice.
Users simply access the Web site, complete a cover sheet, attach documents and send.
Users simply add a monitor, keyboard and mouse for each station.
Users simply add the pre-embedded links to their local Web site where appropriate.
Users simply affix tags to servers, laptops or anything else they want to monitor.
Users simply apply the manual to their own context and needs.
Users simply attach the wires to the respective coloured slots on the system.
Users simply browse to the share and run setup.exe to start the process.
Users simply browsing a site are less likely to click on the privacy policy,' the report states.
Users simply call phone number and respond to the prompts either by speaking or using the keypad.
Users simply can go to their hand-helds and learn what's in the food before ordering or eating it.
Users simply choose a desired construct, and a measure of that construct is displayed.
Users simply choose the desired product, attach the digital image and complete the order.
Users simply choose the product and the desired image to complete the order.
Users simply choose the products they wish to make available on the Internet.
Users simply choose two columns of data to be summarized in a row and column format.
Users simply click and drag the mouse to book resources.
Users simply click and drag to create new event or meeting.
Users simply click on a cell to make a change.
Users simply click on or touch drawings, blueprints or images of the project plans.
Users simply click on the graphic description to view, print or download the graphic.
Users simply click on the highlighted links and go directly to the image.
Users simply click on the install button and the installation and setup is done automatically.
Users simply click on the link in the e-mail and the relevant article shows up in a browser.
Users simply click on the navigation tools to move forward or backward to view messages.
Users simply click on the page and any prerecorded audio file instantly streams.
Users simply click on the player's picture.
Users simply click on the tab to use e-mail or the web.
Users simply click on the translated URL link to view a translated result.
Users simply click on their selection to activate the setting.
Users simply click to the desired Plate and bring up an interactive entry form.
Users simply conduct a regular search, which can be found, for example, on the main page.
Users simply connect to the Web server via a browser and access applications over the Internet.
Users simply demand it.
Users simply depress the handle, insert the collets into any smooth port, and release the handle.
Users simply dip the strip directly into the pool or spa water.
Users simply drag and drop templates from one model onto the next.
Users simply drag each clip into a storyboard below to paste together an edited final film.
Users simply enter a word or a combination of words and the search is carried out.
Users simply enter gateway hostname and credentials.
Users simply enter numbers from their keyboard to respond to the system inquiries.
Users simply enter the measurement that needs converting and press a button.
Users simply enter their tax information by tabbing to and entering data into simple edit boxes.
Users simply enter two locations.
Users simply erect dishes outside their homes, similar to satellite television.
Users simply establish and store personal profiles.
Users simply glide a finger to move the cursor on-screen.
Users simply have to download TCPNetView into a working directory to run it.
Users simply have to test drive the service to access the free music.
Users simply hold the adapter over the watch during transmission.
Users simply identify themselves and the boot process continues.
Users simply indicate the placement of the mirrored item or place it freehand on the drawing area.
Users simply insert and position the multimedia data within the document.
Users simply insert their digital camera media card directly into the appropriate drive and print.
Users simply key in their searches in plain English.
Users simply log into an organization s web site and fill out a web form.
Users simply log into an organizations web site and fill out a form.
Users simply log on to the system to add and view issues.
Users simply log on, point, and click to view the designated Web page.
Users simply look into the camera and say their name or an appropriate phrase.
Users simply mirror the motions of the illustrated stretch.
Users simply mouse click on the voice chat button and speak into a microphone.
Users simply move a highlighted cursor bar and press the Enter key to make selections.
Users simply move down the list to see each step.
Users simply name albums or add comments to the back of photos.
Users simply open the desired report to find the latest data.
Users simply pay for access.
Users simply pick and extrude parting lines.
Users simply pick up any phone in the house and ask for what they want.
Users simply pick up the handset and push one button to initiate the call.
Users simply pick up the phone and dial, just like the way they make conventional phone calls.
Users simply place a finger on the scanner to gain access to the system.
Users simply place the master in the reader and the blank disc in the writer.
Users simply place their finger on the reader, and they are logged into the network.
Users simply plug in and measure.
Users simply plug it in and turn it on.
Users simply plug the USB device into a single USB port and are ready to capture video.
Users simply point a Web browser to the Web-based email interface.
Users simply point and click to the desired program to gain access.
Users simply point to the icon for the program they want to run and click on it.
Users simply pop it into the drive bay of their computer's CD-ROM, and the disk runs automatically.
Users simply pop the CD in the drive to view contents instantly.
Users simply post comments, mark-up documents, or attach files.
Users simply present their fingerprint for secure local or network logon.
Users simply press a button on the faucet to turn the filter on or off.
Users simply press the drive's eject button while power cycling the device.
Users simply press the IQ-Fax button before they enter a fax number and press start.
Users simply preview, select and insert the desired image and scale it to size.
Users simply provide recipients with the combination of the safe.
Users simply pull a lever on the bar, and the walker begins moving forward slowly.
Users simply record the time it takes for the sample to break through the membrane.
Users simply rent access to the software.
Users simply rent space on their Web servers.
Users simply replenish their accounts by connecting through a modem to a credit-card company.
Users simply rub their fingers together and any remaining ink disappears.
Users simply say the phone number to dial.
Users simply see a single highly-available proxy service.
Users simply select a cycle and press start, and the chamber fills with the correct amount of water.
Users simply select a file that is then streamed to their players.
Users simply select a report and printer.
Users simply select a word, phrase, or picture on the overlay to make the computer speak.
Users simply select the desired sleep times in the control panel.
Users simply select the local phone number and dial.
Users simply select the PO number for the invoice and then enter the invoice number.
Users simply select the words they want to learn and let their computer take over.
Users simply talk naturally into a hand-held tape dictation machine.
Users simply talk naturally into the dictation device.
Users simply tap the pen on the whiteboard to move to the next slide or open an application.
Users simply tell the guide what it is that they seek.
Users simply touch the window glass to fully interact with the display.
Users simply trash archives when they are no longer needed.
Users simply type a database identifier and query to run any search from the Web page.
Users simply type in a word, phrase, or question.
Users simply type in any combination of name, city or area of expertise.
Users simply type in the appropriate e-mail address and submit the request.
Users simply type in the name of the network to be analyzed.
Users simply type the release as prompted and then click the submit button.
Users simply upload a file listing the product numbers desired, or create their list online.
Users simply use their Web browser for immediate access.
Users simply walk-up to one of multiple kiosks to check for any messages.
Users sit in the dust helping one another to inject.
Users sitting at a workstation console have priority use of the machine.
Users solve randomly created problems to earn points which are stored from one session to another.
Users sound off on who they think is the best wide receiver available in the draft.
Users span the gamut, from elementary schools and high schools to junior colleges and universities.
Users speak of it almost religiously, a salvation from dry heaves and disappearing pounds.
Users Speak Out.
Users speak very well of it.
Users specify a destination address similar to a phone number.
Users specify a state, and then a county, to see census information for the county.
Users specify a subset of individuals or locations in selection files.
Users specify an abstract syntax for the class of documents they wish to translate.
Users specify data mappings and transformations through a graphical user interface.
Users specify information sought, and initiate searches from their Web browser.
Users specify materials, which define the way light interacts with a surface.
Users specify parameters to guide and constrain an agent's overall behavior.
Users specify queries and see the results of the queries displayed upon a map.
Users specify requests and queries over specified ontologies via applet based user interfaces.
Users specify retrieval conditions by indicating a position on the plane.
Users specify runtime parameters and execution in special input files.
Users specify the composition of a laminate or glass-film combination.
Users specify the content, link or contact they want to be monitored and receive results by e-mail.
Users specify the incorrect DNS servers.
Users specify the picture of object feature space that they have in their mind.
Users specify the signal and event flow through instantiations of high-level components.
Users specify the top layer, delta h, to define peaks for the volume calculation.
Users specify the type of reports they want without having to specify the sources.
Users specify their areas of funding interest with an online form.
Users specify their search criteria once and identify the sources to be included.
Users specify their unique needs and receive a customized report of pontential benefits.
Users specify what content they want synchronized.
Users specify what hardware they have, and what software they want.
Users specify when and what type of data is to be gathered.
Users specify which bodies can collide without having to predefine collision points.
Users spend a huge chunk of their day in their messaging system.
Users spend far too much time waiting for Web pages to appear on their screens.
Users spend less time away from their jobs.
Users spend less time finding and opening files and more time on analysis.
Users spend minutes setting up the system, loading discs and beginning a copy job.
Users spend more and more updating old products.
Users spend more time online, and because they have higher bandwidth they send more bytes and bits.
Users spend no time manually rekeying information.
Users start by downloading the application, and installation is fairly simple.
Users start by entering a graphical outline or diagram which helps organize their ideas.
Users start by scanning or loading a photo or digital image.
Users start by selecting the databases and importing their data definitions.
Users start looking at the things they can do on broadband.
Users start with a basic, unlabled shape.
Users start with as simple or complex a system as they want.
Users stay in the list after logging out and never get timed out.
Users stay motivated with three mesmerizing games that boost recall.
Users stay on for one hour.
Users steer computations via http requests.
Users still get powerful PC performance-but without the integrated cache.
Users still get powerful PC performance-without the integrated cache.
Users still have access to all the data, but if they try and change the data, nothing happens.
Users still have access to the information that was previously available.
Users still have final control over their own options.
Users still have many problems.
Users still have the ability to drill into the detail.
Users still have the opportunity to recommend enhancements to the screen layouts and data fields.
Users still have to be weary though.
Users still have to contact the library and apply to use the service over a network.
Users still have to sign up with each service.
Users still have to switch between applications to do anything.
Users still rely heavily on traditional devices to do most of their Internet-related tasks.
Users still resist.
Users store important phone numbers and addresses online, available from any terminal.
Users store private information and secret keys on their personal smart cards.
Users Streaming video for broad band is a piece of cake.
Users struggle to find alternatives to reading.
Users submit a form or e-mail to receive credit for the course .
Users submit a request to the server.
Users submit and receive list counts and place list orders from their desktop PCs.
Users submit claim details and the other side makes a settlement offer.
Users submit comments about their experiences buying and selling.
Users submit information about a person they are looking for.
Users submit print jobs from any network workstation.
Users submit problems via email, a Web browser, or the newly developed NEOS submission tool.
Users submit problems via the Web, e-mail, or a special submissions tool.
Users submit questions via a Web form or toll free number.
Users submit requested needs to be considered in the equipment purchase planning process.
Users submit requests for photos and volunteers respond to take the photos.
Users submit support requests, which can be easily replied to, closed, or forwarded.
Users submit the faulty program and a detailed description of the problem.
Users submit the URL of individual web pages whose compatibility is in doubt.
Users submit their answers and receive their probable life expectancy.
Users submit their archive to the site in exchange for return links.
Users submit their solutions to the message board or using the online submission form.
Users subscribe and unsubscribe themselves with a command described below.
Users subscribe by following an easy registration process and downloading free software.
Users subscribe to a career field or job skill advertising, consulting, marketing .
Users subscribe to a list they want to read and post messages about.
Users subscribe to a list voluntarily and then receive all postings to the list as e-mail.
Users subscribe to a newsgroup and then read and post messages.
Users subscribe to mailing lists in their choice of non-digest, digest, or ZIPped digest formats.
Users subscribe to one or more newsgroups to read posted messages.
Users subscribe to the data service based on how much data they transmit.
Users subscribe to the lists they want to read and receive messages via email.
Users subscribe to the lists, and mail files sent to the list are reflected back to all subscribers.
Users subscribe to the tips, news and information they want to receive.
Users subscribe to whatever they want.
Users suffer a high rate of relapse, and require thirty to forty days or more of detoxification.
Users suffer symptoms.
Users suggest links to add to the database.
Users supplies the data.
Users supply scoring parameters.
Users supply their names and email addresses when adding events.
Users supply their own film, lights, and processing.
Users supply their own paper.
Users surf freely among meme nodes which hang suspended in the unified information space.
Users survey their own attitudes in detail, correlate the data and map a plan of action.
Users swallow a few tablespoons of the salty solution or down it like a shot of alcohol.
Users swap goods and services with others in the community.
Users switch between pages by clicking the corresponding tab on the top of the page.
Users switch from tool to tool as they strive for ever higher customer service.
Users tablespace quotas.
Users take a pinch and place it between the lower lip or cheek and the gum and suck on it.
Users take centre stage .
Users take for granted how little control they have over the appearance of their desktops.
Users take full responsibility.
Users take part in surveys on various topics.
Users take responsibility for all equipment damage leading to repair or replacement.
Users take responsibility.
Users take steroids in cycles lasting six to twelve weeks or more.
Users take steroids orally or by injection.
Users take their operating systems very seriously.
Users talk about a rush that lasts longer than cocaine.
Users talk by passing instant textual messages.
Users talk straight to the developers, ensuring an accurate and timely answer.
Users tattle on their providers, too.
Users teaching others is a good way to extend learning.
Users tear the side or top of the packet .
Users tear the side or top of the packet.
Users tell each other what works, and how to avoid potential problem areas.
Users tend to avoid delays by trying later or by timing their access to periods of low usage.
Users tend to be a lot more careful with the second one.
Users tend to be either students or people with full time jobs.
Users tend to be fairly general with their initial searches, then they narrow it down.
Users tend to be fanatic zealots who advocate that it attain world domination.
Users tend to be fanatics.
Users tend to become well acquainted with only one vendor or favorite web sites.
Users tend to expect more from the accountant's report than it sets forth.
Users tend to familiarize themselves with a site more than users of an internet site do.
Users tend to find certain electrolytes and measurement conditions work best for their samples.
Users tend to grip mice too hard, often with the wrist cocked.
Users tend to have a multiplicity of passwords, which they find difficult to keep track of.
Users tend to keep contributing because they have invested some emotions and time.
Users tend to limit their use of ecstasy to once every two to three weeks.
Users tend to look for funny widgets that wear off.
Users tend to overshoot the target, but under-rotate the target orientation.
Users tend to scan Web text.
Users tend to scan, stopping only when they find something interesting.
Users tend to search on partial names because it takes less effort.
Users tend to show similar behavior when determining their orientation within either program.
Users tend to skip over text they consider nonessential.
Users tend to unzip the files but then leave the zipped file on their computer.
Users tend to visit a small-number of useful sites regularly.
Users test what if scenarios using different loan parameters.
Users then access the closest machines, bypassing potential choke points.
Users then access the Internet at high speeds through the provider.
Users then access the system with projected modifications.
Users then access their files through the Palm.
Users then add their choice of wired or wireless clients internally.
Users then are able to retrieve the upgraded CAD model on their computers.
Users then buy reprints of the information they choose via credit card.
Users then can access related terms such as African-American history, mathematicians, and slavery.
Users then can access the archive through the network.
Users then can choose the type of data and the countries to display.
Users then can correlate end-user performance problems to server resource issues.
Users then can create hotlists or interactively browse for more detailed information.
Users then can create their documents within a text box and submit their Web pages.
Users then can navigate to the requirement via hypertext linking.
Users then can obtain time with a telemetry receiver equipped to distribute the broadcast time code.
Users then can query the index of information, which allows results to be returned faster.
Users then can retrieve all or part of the document.
Users then can search for error code.
Users then can use the new sequencer engine, while keeping their old applications.
Users then choose from a menu and navigate to different locations on an advertiser's Web site.
Users then choose multiple industries and jobs.
Users then choose particular headlines that are sorted by agency and data source.
Users then choose the desired program to search.
Users then choose the file sets geared toward their areas of interest.
Users then choose what they want to see and what they want to label.
Users then click OK and it goes away.
Users then contact volunteers directly.
Users then control what site gets what information.
Users then detail the part they are looking for using specific search parameters.
Users then determin how many cells to send during the next pricing interval.
Users then enter the company's intranet through the servers.
Users then explore using Internet navigation software on their own computer.
Users then have a few minutes to add features such as scars or to change their hairstyle.
Users then have access to all of their data regardless of whether the client is networked.
Users then have to download their copy, unpack it and learn how to use it.
Users then ingest the drug.
Users then inherit rights from the groups that they are members of.
Users then input their own parameters, configurations, and specifications.
Users then insert their validated tickets into machines to open the gates at the garage exits.
Users then install only the browser, and access the books on the server.
Users then make purchases electronically and the E-cash is debited from their checking accounts.
Users then move around the store by dragging their avatars hither and yon.
Users then navigate the Internet using software on their own computer.
Users then perform data analysis and mining on the warehouse views.
Users then preview and select from twenty included background music tracks to complete the mix.
Users then print that information for temporary use.
Users then rate the work according to a grading system.
Users then rate their credit and submit loan requests.
Users then receive a password which they use to execute Internet orders.
Users then receive a verification message in their e-mail inbox.
Users then receive notification of completed runs by email.
Users then receive notification of new information that matches their profile.
Users then respond with the correct one of four vocabulary items.
Users then risk choking on their own vomit.
Users then risk taking dangerous drug combinations and greatly increase their risk of overdosing.
Users then run or rerun batch programs to restore valid work.
Users then scan a seesion directory, or SD to see what is being offered and when.
Users then see a date and time posting with each product chosen.
Users then see a preview of their caption as it appears under the photo.
Users then select a port style and size.
Users then select one or more records to view.
Users then select the appropriate meaning or enter a new meaning.
Users then select the appropriate profile during boot-up to match their location.
Users then select the most appropriate and convenient options, within DOD policy, for their needs.
Users then select the most appropriate choice.
Users then select the subscription that they want to work with.
Users then sign in with a user name and password and select the items they want.
Users then specify what type of memory they are modeling.
Users then start the trip and follow links selected by experts.
Users then submit their request.
Users then subscribe to every newsletter under the sun and await their checks.
Users then take the bucket as needed and retire to a private site of their choosing.
Users then take their time from the ntp server on their own site.
Users then visit the individual pages by selecting the appropriate tab.
Users thereby analyze phenomena in the systems exactly.
Users therefore have more time to test their codes on triton under the new version.
Users think differently about the way they accomplish things with applications than programmers do.
Users think that anything they search on the Berkeley web resides on campus.
Users thus can enjoy the fresh scent without chemical harm.
Users thus can select a specific time frame and see what works by or about women are available.
Users thus have unprecedented capabilities to capture, analyze, and express data.
Users thus interact directly with the computer instead of relying on technicians and punch cards.
Users to discuss development.
Users to discuss future development.
Users to explore concepts.
Users to find answers.
Users to share ideas.
Users to take appropriate steps.
Users to take steps.
Users too expect wide availability of web services.
Users touch the tip of the arm, which exerts an external force on the fingertip.
Users track and modify appointments, with daily and monthly views.
Users trade multiple passwords for a secure, single page summary of their personal online accounts.
Users trade the CDs they have, for the CDs they really want.
Users train it over time to do a better and better job of identifying information that is of use.
Users transfer some files and log into e-mail.
Users transmit messages to the host computer for distribution to everyone on the list.
Users travel 'into' a painting to discuss the artist, motivation, and concepts.
Users travel to New York City from the suburbs to purchase heroin.
Users try their hand at purifying a particular protein while balancing purity, yield and cost.
Users try to articulate their information needs with a keyword or two.
Users try to maintain the high by bingeing on the drug.
Users try to take the exam again, but are unable to.
Users trying to access tables in the offline tablespace receive an error.
Users turn to injecting the drug to make the high go further.
Users type a key word to initiate a search.
Users type their message online so others can read the message on their screen in real time.
Users type their selected password, followed by .
Users typically assign their own PIN to the device.
Users typically can only print part of a page.
Users typically can rename, rearrange and even hide existing fields.
Users typically come away from their first Web experience awestruck.
Users typically dial into the computer using modems and telephone connections.
Users typically estimate traffic patterns and order frame relay ports as needed.
Users typically extract data from a database into a text file in a suitable format.
Users typically have a handful of favorite passwords that they assign in rotation.
Users typically have many questions about interlibrary loan.
Users typically interact with properties through pages on property dialogs.
Users typically learn the menu-driven computer software in less than one working day.
Users typically learn the required action within three or four sweeps.
Users typically move forward in wireless applications by selecting an option in a list.
Users typically pay for satellite capacity used, plus a network maintenance fee.
Users typically pay to have the imaging facility process, embed, section and stain their specimens.
Users typically prefer small text to appear black on a white background.
Users typically purchase accounts from service providers to establish connections to the Internet.
Users typically receive notice of network failure via their applications.
Users typically resize frames by draggin a frame edge to a new position.
Users typically see results in four to six weeks.
Users typically smoke the crack immediately after purchase.
Users typically start the magnification program before other applications.
Users typically update local replica of shared data independently from each others.
Users typically view the data as multidimensional data cubes.
Users typically wear a helmet containing twin VDUs for stereoscopic vision.
Users ultimately provide all the data needed to build the model.
Users understand that the network is a shared resource and use it in efficient ways.
Users understand that they are responsible for their own account.
Users understand why they kept a page and where it came from.
Users update the status of items themselves.
Users update their own info on our servers.
Users upgrading from previous versions, please note that there has been an interface change.
Users upload pictures of their monsters.
Users use a receiver to pick up the signal.
Users use applications.
Users use fruit.
Users use knowledge.
Users use marijuana.
Users use power.
Users use products, companies sell products.
Users use products.
Users use sialup ntwking.
Users use substances.
Users use the calculator at their own risk.
Users use the Internet at their own risk.
Users use the model to simulate the operation of a device or object.
Users use their browser's back button to return to the previous page.
Users use their own provider.
Users utilize search engines to find what they are looking for on the web.
Users value their time.
Users vary from oil exploration, sub-sea engineering and aviation.
Users vary widely in their skills and intelligence.
Users view a brief video-tutorial, and are then asked to practice what has been taught.
Users view and acknowledge new policies from their browser-based client.
Users view entries that relate to their own submissions or receipts.
Users view images of case studies, ask for patient histories, and practice charting skills.
Users view IT as an obstacle, and IT views users as uninformed troublemakers.
Users view objects on the display area using a high-powered zoom lens and camera.
Users view only the data and applications they are authorized to access.
Users view the knowledge base from multiple perspectives, thus discovering new connections.
Users view the published data with an Internet browser.
Users view the real world together with context sensitive information generated by the computer.
Users view the real-world together with context sensitive information generated by the computer.
Users view the shorts in small windows on their computer.
Users view the system according to their access rights.
Users view the widest variety and most competitive prices for a given product in real-time.
Users view their books for free, but pay for printing or to cut and paste.
Users viewing the model also can double-click on a particular component to see it in greater detail.
Users visit such third-party Web sites at their own risk.
Users visit the site at least once every one to two months.
Users visiting a site can easily find more than they bargained for.
Users voluntarily sign up to receive commercial e-mail about topics of interest.
Users vote for the adventures theyd like to see on television.
Users vote for their favorite image.
Users vote for their favorite sites.
Users vote on who has the best argument.
Users vote with their wallets.
Users wait for all of the objects in the page, since each object contains information.
Users wait for apps and publishers wait for users.
Users walk away from sluggish systems.
Users wanting Internet access can set up an account with one of the locally attached ISPs.
Users wanting to send files or URLs are out of luck.
Users watch their scores improve along with their typing ability.
Users wear liquid crystal shutter glasses and interact using a wand or speech.
Users wear sensors that pick up the brain' electrical activity.
Users wear stereo glasses to correctly view the stereo images.
Users wear the tamper-proof patch for up to seven days, when it is sent to a lab for testing.
Users welcome having a nice-looking report that covers the subject in appropriate depth.
Users welcome the opportunity to purchase from a company familiar with their industry and needs.
Users Welcome to our web site.
Users welcome to submit articles.
Users When planning a new network infrastructure, it makes sense to start with the number of users.
Users will have ability.
Users win by gaining the ability to do more production more easily.
Users win most of all.
Users wish to acquire space for their business use by leasing.
Users wish to stay healthy while continuing their drug habits.
Users wishing to obtain an advance copy of the data and reference files can do so here .
Users wishing to repeat the class are welcome to sign up.
Users wonder which information, if any, they can trust.
Users work all the problems themselves during the sessions, in a guided, structured format.
Users work at their own pace and pursue their own areas of interest.
Users work at their own pace, in their own time.
Users work closely with developers to ensure program success.
Users work directly with others rather than meeting at a central server location.
Users work on the copy and the original remains untouched, ready for the next person.
Users work through the course at their own pace.
Users work with a prototype as they carry out tasks set by the design team.
Users work with a single database during all phases of the design.
Users working offline no longer see a large number of stop connection error messages.
Users worry about losing their mail when they convert to Messenger.
Users write letters or symbols on the screen, which the devices can translate into text.
Users write messages by hand making use of a mouse and a tablet.
Users write notes.
Users write on the display, thanks to a virtual keyboard.
Users write that book with every keystroke and every command they enter.
Users write their e-mail using standard clients, using any combination of character sets.
Users write their opinions on sheets of paper mounted along side the screens.
Users write transactions to manipulate distributed objects in a nested fashion.
Users always get the latest version, while saving on download time.
Users always handle non-evaluated, intentional descriptions.
Users always have the latest version of key files.
Users always have the opportunity of opting out of our email lists.
Users always have the opportunity to opt out of receiving future mailings.
Users always have the option of canceling their subscription at any time.
Users always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.
Users always have the option of opting out of receiving email notifications.
Users always know which section they are viewing.
Users always overestimate the accuracy of their typing.
Users always work with the most current information.
Users frequently begin using other drugs.
Users frequently notice unwanted behavior and degradation of system performance.
Users frequently report deteriorated cognitive and memory functioning and behavioral changes.
Users frequently report dramatic, positive impact on their cognitive function.
Users frequently report problems with short-term memory, both while using and between uses.
Users frequently synchronize sensitive information with handheld computers.
Users often abuse free Web site services by posting offensive content under multiple pseudonyms.
Users often access a multi-user computer with terminals or microcomputers acting as terminals.
Users often answer posted questions within minutes, and discussions can sometimes get lively.
Users often appear successful and well adjusted.
Users often appreciate small, incremental changes that make programs easier or faster to use.
Users often assume that the hours of services in all the buildings are the same.
Users often avoid help because of the delays associated with it.
Users often become giggly and hungry.
Users often become physically and emotionally dependent on it.
Users often change jobs and departments.
Users often chase the high by repeating the dose.
Users often choose a link to click on before seeing the associated content in a rollover.
Users often conduct broad searches when they are unsure of exactly what they are looking for.
Users often decide to upgrade software rather than hardware during tough economic times.
Users often describe feeling happy, relaxed and in tune with others while taking the drug.
Users often design own networks while suppliers act as subcontractors.
Users often download huge files, or access Web sites with substantial graphics.
Users often download something from the Internet onto a floppy and then forget about it.
Users often enjoy picking names for their computers.
Users often expect to see instant results with perfectly transcribed reports.
Users often experience a feeling of well-being, contentment and detachment from daily worries.
Users often experience extreme mental stages, going from periods of giddiness, to extreme insight.
Users often experience weight loss and changes in personality.
Users often feel more relaxed, and more social.
Users often find that they open groups of applications for various projects.
Users often forget to participate while shopping online.
Users often get a sense of being lost with no clear path back to where they want to be.
Users often go on binges when the drug starts to wear off.
Users often have a lowered immune system and an increased risk of lung cancer.
Users often have difficulties with laser diodes due to the anamorphic, widely divergent output beam.
Users often have difficulty finding a compatible product to meet their specific needs.
Users often have home directories.
Users often have to spend a lot of time to format and then distribute.
Users often help each other in their searches and find common ancestors.
Users often input long fvwm command repeatedly.
Users often leave the server at the login prompt.
Users often make their own home pages.
Users often mismanage their diet while on the supplement.
Users often miss each other by seconds when leaving immediately after seeing nobody around.
Users often miss to see the rotating globe or the shooting stars in the browser.
Users often mix and match, customizing to meet specific objectives.
Users often move beyond the Minuteman Home Page to other Internet resources.
Users often pay vendors to write custom software.
Users often post minority views to articles.
Users often post sample reports and solutions to problems posed by other users.
Users often present their applications to the group.
Users often react in ways quite surprising to the producers of information media.
Users often regard material as being of higher quality if images are present.
Users often remark about the speed.
Users often remember a mapping of physical locations in their notes to the desired information.
Users often request more data than is necessary.
Users often request only a die centering support as the key function of the system.
Users often require preset passwords when they dial up, so that the input is reduced to a minimum.
Users often run several such programs simultaneously.
Users often search for well-known phrases like 'web site promotion'.
Users often see nearly the same interface as when dialing up remotely.
Users often seek larger displays to take full advantage of higher resolution imagery.
Users often share their personal passwords with friends and spouses.
Users often show signs of paranoia.
Users often smoke it in cigarettes.
Users often snort cocaine.
Users often suck on baby pacifiers to prevent themselves from grinding down their teeth.
Users often surf the Web in their free time, and are less conscious of posture and hand positions.
Users often try to rectify the situation by resetting the gearing mechanism themselves.
Users often turn to triangulation when other methods produce mixed results or are impractical.
Users often use exit points to filter or create data or to meet other custom requirements.
Users often view the file server as the sole reason for the network.
Users often wish to transfer a file from one of the department's unix hosts to a computer at home.
Users sometimes complain about phone lines disconnecting several times.
Users sometimes dislike new passwords for each system.
Users sometimes drop small cotton balls soaked in bleach into the urine specimen.
Users sometimes experience errors accessing their supplemental forms they have created and saved.
Users sometimes feel they are limited by the use of security software.
Users sometimes forget their passwords, and they call the help desk.
Users sometimes have difficulty restoring files from a server.
Users sometimes make incorrect edits to an MD by accident.
Users sometimes pass out with their heads in a plastic bag, and suffocate.
Users usually begin by asking for maps of a much broader area than they actually require.
Users usually enter a Web site through the home page .
Users usually float prepared specimen discs on a single drop of solution.
Users usually have a nickname or a handle, so that it can be determined who is sending what message.
Users usually have the option of setting an alternative URL as a start-up home page.
Users usually pay by the hour.
Users usually prefer to use the latest and greatest version of any new Web client or server.
Users usually scan for clickable links.
Users usually seek a basic or expanded definition of an individual term.
Users usually sign on to each computer by college and major.
Users usually stop reading as soon as they encounter the action and perform it.
Users usually watch over our technicians shoulders and often learn to solve the problem themselves.
All user accounts .
All user can again access their data.
All user wiring to the circuit board is made via screw terminal blocks.
All users accept the responsibility to maintain their own boxes.
All users access the program using free, commercially available browser software.
All users agree that all access and use of the content thereof is at their own risk.
All users agree that all access to and use of the Web site is at their own risk.
All users agree that all access to and use of the Web Site is at their own risk.
All users agree to and are governed by the following policy.
All users agree to submit to Illinois jurisdiction and Illinois substantive law.
All users agree to terms and conditions.
All users agree to the responsible use policy by using the network.
All users agree to use our services for entertainment purposes only.
All users are able to search the database free of charge.
All users are also responsible to recognize and honor the intellectual property rights of others.
All users are at risk regardless of age or sex.
All users are capable of receiving video.
All users are faculty with their data primarily on the server.
All users are free to express themselves in legal ways.
All users are fully responsible for their data.
All users are in group users, and have a valid shell.
All users are invited to ask the candidates, if there are questions.
All users are liable if they permanently or temporarily damage any equipment or software.
All users are logged in as administrator' and no audit trail of action is maintained.
All users are logged in as 'administrator' and no audit trail of action is maintained.
All users are logged in as 'administrator' and no audit trail of actions is maintained.
All users are members of the group Everyone by default.
All users are members.
All users are neutral by default.
All users are on the honour system so please return equipment to the closet after it has been used.
All users are personally responsible for maintaining password security.
All users are potential participants.
All users are responsible for activities that occur when using any bulletin or message board.
All users are responsible for any line charges incurred.
All users are responsible for any traffic originating from a computer they are logged into.
All users are responsible for backing up their own raw data files.
All users are responsible for backup of the data on their individual workstations.
All users are responsible for bringing a floppy disk for personal storage.
All users are responsible for competently analyzing their own samples and cooperating with others.
All users are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and conventions.
All users are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
All users are responsible for deleting files which are no longer needed.
All users are responsible for ensuring that they comply with the fume exhaust system grading.
All users are responsible for installing and maintaining their own equipment and tele-phone access.
All users are responsible for keeping their passwords secure.
All users are responsible for knowing the Appropriate Use Policy Guidelines.
All users are responsible for loss or mutilation of books and materials.
All users are responsible for monitoring their print jobs being sent to the network printers.
All users are responsible for preparing their own samples.
All users are responsible for properly maintaining the microscope.
All users are responsible for reading and abiding by the Appropriate Use Policy .
All users are responsible for the highest membership plan for each month.
All users are responsible for the maintenance and backup of their own data.
All users are responsible for the proper return of library materials.
All users are responsible for the protection and secrecy of their passwords.
All users are responsible for the protection of their user account password.
All users are responsible for the use and misuse of their accounts.
All users are responsible for their own accounts.
All users are responsible for their own actions.
All users are responsible for their own telecom access charges, if any.
All users are responsible for their posts.
All users are subject to a possible modem reset after four continuous hours of service.
All users are subject to applicable state and federal laws.
All users are subject to having their activities recorded and audited.
All users are subject to monitoring at all times to ensure proper functioning of the system.
All users are subject to overdue fines.
All users are subject to the terms stated on the site.
All users are to abide by the rules posted in each area.
All users are to be encouraged to follow our recommended good practice.
All users are to exit through the main entrance of the library.
All users are to print one copy.
All users are to report any misuse of the system to the teacher or staff member in charge.
All users are welcome and encouraged to participate.
All users are welcome to bring their music CD's into the lab and listen while they work.
All users are welcome to express their opinion provided that respectable language is used.
All users are welcome to hear and submit their requests for new projects.
All users are welcome to read messages posted to our boards.
All users are welcome to reserve space for personal web pages.
All users are welcome to use the facility.
All users are welcome.
All users automatically receive notification of form updates and changes by e-mail.
All users automatically see the freshest data.
All users belong to one or more groups.
All users benefit.
All users can access all files on network.
All users can access any computer at any time without interfering with each other.
All users can access courses through the central site now.
All users can access information regarding their training, projects, teams, mentorships and more.
All users can access it and titles can be placed into store inventory from it with one keystroke.
All users can access our diary of auctions and events, latest news and contact details.
All users can access the entire system from any web browser.
All users can access the new or modified translation tables.
All users can access the software concurrently.
All users can access the view.
All users can access, print, and edit the same database at the same time.
All users can be online at one time, no line capacity limit to deal with.
All users can benefit including branch office and mobile workers.
All users can browse the complete collection of tables of contents.
All users can change the current document.
All users can change their PINs via the Web .
All users can check email from any computer without reconfiguring existing browser settings.
All users can check in information via the browser interface.
All users can check their account balance at any time.
All users can create account heads.
All users can create instructions and produce reports.
All users can customize their list of stocks on their own computers.
All users can draw texts and figures on the shared board.
All users can enjoy the benefits listed above.
All users can freely consult the database of ornaments and make use of the information they find.
All users can ftp to the same address.
All users can have their personal portal suited to their particular role in the organization.
All users can help prevent virus infection by carefully reviewing their e-mail.
All users can keep track of their cargo though the Internet.
All users can now change their own passwords.
All users can now set an e-mail forwarding address from the Web.
All users can now use the filter free of charge.
All users can participate in chat, collaboration via the shared whiteboard, and application sharing.
All users can post replies to the topics.
All users can read and post messages.
All users can read and registered users can post messages that fit the stated purpose of the forum.
All users can read the folder, but only jjones can save messages into it or delete messages from it.
ALL users can read the messages on the boards, but only registered users can post messages.
All users can really do is read the document on the screen.
All users can receive copies of incoming mail based on e-mail address or their aliases.
All users can run either version.
All users can run the second form of the command.
All users can save, retrieve, print or e-mail customer and vehicle info whenever needed.
All users can schedule training through one centralized area.
All users can search and display titles and status information.
All users can search for companies by keyword.
All users can search for IPOs by company name or ticker symbol.
All users can search for IPOs by company name, or ticker symbol.
All users can search the archive, read study abstracts, and download online codebooks.
All users can see any event.
All users can see the names of applications created by all other users in a database.
All users can send and receive tweets using the Twitter website.
All users can send messages and all messages can be read by all users.
All users can set a score threshold in their profile.
All users can share a central address book of contacts, groups and carriers.
All users can still print to their current network printer.
All users can submit requests for future events to be scheduled on the calendars.
All users can use the database to receive summary reports.
All users can view and add events.
All users can view and order from the store.
All users can view and respond to existing discussion threads or create new discussion threads.
All users can view messages without providing any personal information.
All users can view the site entrance but only members can read articles, interviews, columns, etc.
All users can write into their own calendars at any time.
All users click here Out Of Order is a very different, very entertaining word scramble game.
All users copy selected data files to a server, which is then backed up to other media.
All users currently have display access to the foreign exchange rate table.
All users depending on their requirement can access the same.
All users directories in that partition are affected.
All users do have access to the mailing lists and the bug database.
All users do.
ALL Users don t ask much from computer-aided drawing software.
All users easily realize both books are treasures.
All users Follow the on-screen directions until the program is finished installing.
All users further agree to refrain from engaging in any hostile activity toward the system.
All users get a FREE internet e-mail account.
All users get color, speed, graphics and peripheral support.
All users get their own preferences, choices and access rights.
All Users Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
All users have a certain amount of bytes of datebase space they can take up.
All users have a personal domain name space.
All users have a personal profile.
All users have a personal responsibility to control and protect the software package from misuse.
All users have a private folder on one of the network server volumes .
All users have a right to a fair share of the computing and network resources.
All users have a right to complain.
All users have a right to privacy and freedom from libel and harassment.
All users have access through a standard web browser, on any platform.
All users have access to abstracts of the journal articles.
All users have access to all public folders in all groups.
All users have access to at least one.
All users have access to electronic mail.
All users have access to monochrome laser printers.
All users have access to online help documentation.
All users have access to telephone and online help.
All users have access to the central database.
All users have access to the header and topic sentence of each note abstract.
All users have access to the main page.
All users have access to the network-wide address book.
All users have access to the public areas of eSecurityOnline.
All users have access to the search engine and the discussion lists.
All users have access to tiles in 'pool.
All users have accounts on mhc and axis .
All users have all rights in their home directories.
All users have all rights.
All users have an individual user-id and password.
All users have both capabilities.
All users have complete access to the Internet.
All users have domain accounts and local profiles.
All users have e-mail to all other users in the company.
All users have equal rights from the banks point of view.
All users have equal rights of access to documents in archives.
All users have free access to laser printers.
All users have immediate access to new materials or revisions as they occur.
All users have immediate access to the applications via the Web.
All users have immediate access to the system's full power without any training.
All users have instant access to all MSDSs.
All users have ownership rights over their own intellectual works.
All users have private or personal storage space mapped to a user account.
All users have responsibility for the total security of the university's computer systems.
All users have technical support via e-mail.
All users have the ability to instantly restore any of their data from any location on the network.
All users have the option of purchasing the selected papers for a modest fee.
All users have the possibility and right to write motions, proposals.
All users have the responsibility for the total security of the system.
All users have the responsibility of reporting such violations.
All users have the right to a quiet environment.
All users have the right to be informed of policies pertaining to the use of electronic resources.
All users have the right to use the computer free from outside interference and distractions.
All users have the same right to use the equipment.
All users have the security rights to delete their own spool jobs.
All users have their own autoexec.cfg files, their own saves, screendumps, etc.
All users have their own tastes and they are all different.
All users have to do is set up a filter in their browsers for the .red domain.
All users have to do is to start up the computer and do their own work.
All users have to do is type their search terms into the blank entry fields.
All users have to keep the real time anti-virus protection on.
All users hold a clearance at the Secret level.
All users immediately benefit from the changes the next time they log on to use the application.
All users initially have the same set of subpanels.
All users log on to the domain when accessing their computers.
All users log on to the master domain.
All users make use of the published contents on their own responsibility.
All users now have a choice of sending their output to either printer.
All users now have the ability to organize and schedule their daily, weekly, and monthly activities.
All users participate at the same time.
All users pay appropriate copy and reproduction fees.
All users pay same CSF rate.
All users pay the fees from the research funds which support their research program.
All users receive access to our technical support web pages and bulletin board.
All users receive comprehensive support from a dedicated staff of experienced optical designers.
All users receive the newest features and updates as software releases are made.
All users remain anonymous.
All users report at least a major reduction in the rate of hair loss.
All users require a password.
All users routinely deal with finding other scientific titles that have changed names.
All users see basically the same thing, with possible variations due to video adapters and displays.
All users see the same image with the same set of edits.
All users see the same virtual environment from their respective points of view.
All users seem to be able to get their hands on the data they want.
All users share cleanup chores and are invited to attend a work party during the year.
All users share Internet access.
All users share one destination port.
All users share the same cable.
All users share the same Internet access, eliminating extra Internet and phone charges.
All users share the same memory copy.
All users share the same printer, regardless of which platform they use.
All users share the same range of radio spectrum.
All users share the same view process ports.
All users sign up each semester by signing a contract.
All users start with a new account each semester.
All users start with the default of 'No view', and are free to change their allocations at any time.
All users transmit at the same power level regardless of their distance from the receiver.
All users viewing our sites retain complete anonymity.
All users welcome.
All users yield to motor vehicles.
All users yield to slower traffic.
Any user accounts that are renamed, disabled, or enabled.
Any user can access and read newsgroup articles and can also post articles.
Any user can access any computer anywhere in the world using the Internet.
Any user can access any of the databases or contact points from their own desk.
Any user can access help at any time without referring to a heavy manual.
Any user can add or modify the databases.
Any user can add, modify, or remove a user environment variable.
Any user can adjust the maximum file size limit downward.
Any user can attach malicious executable code to an e-mail message at any time.
Any user can be up and running in minutes.
Any user can become a member and participate in the ownership and governance of the system.
Any user can become proficient with it in five minutes.
Any user can become root.
Any user can belong to a maximum of eight groups.
Any user can change interface media configurations.
Any user can choose either the VI or the regular interface before starting the application.
Any user can choose to have their nominated advocate present during any discussions.
Any user can 'comment' on any discussion.
Any user can communicate with any other user, almost instantaneously.
Any user can copy the sample file to some other directory and modify it for individual use.
Any user can crash the system.
Any user can create a web-based personal directory of web links and personal files.
Any user can create an extended ACL for any file they own.
Any user can create and edit any web page on the twiki.
Any user can create such groups.
Any user can dial any other MultiVOIP and make calls, creating the potential for abuse.
Any user can do it.
Any user can download photos from the Internet.
Any user can easily record a voice message online and enclose the recording within an email.
Any user can easily scroll up to view previous messages.
Any user can edit or erase any transaction at any time without an audit trail to reflect the change.
Any user can enter a forum and create a new and unique topic.
Any user can enter a reply to a topic.
Any user can enter every school as a guest.
Any user can enter it using a nick name.
Any user can enter the dialog by sending in information via the response form.
Any user can execute arbitrary commands with the previleges of the web server.
Any user can fill up the shared file system.
Any user can gain access and retrieve data through the Internet.
Any user can gain access to the local machine if it can be turned on.
Any user can improve technique, efficiency and safety.
Any user can initiate an online restore process no administrator intervention is required.
Any user can invite users.
Any user can kill a running process without administration privileges.
Any user can learn to implement and administer rewards programs.
Any user can learn to moderate conferences and to create subconferences.
Any user can make word searches, crosswords, and puzzles quickly and easily.
Any user can modify it, and none can monopolize it.
Any user can nom articles for deletion as long as the nom is in good faith.
Any user can post messages to any newsgroup.
Any user can post new items, and can modify or delete their own postings.
Any user can post or read accumulated messages or reply to any message in any forum at any time.
Any user can publish a web page rating.
Any user can raise their soft limit up to the hard limit.
Any user can read a message and reply to it at any time.
Any user can read files with root permissions.
Any user can read or reply to the newsgroups articles.
Any user can read the articles without registering.
Any user can receive e-mail.
Any user can remove the redirect and propose that the page be deleted.
Any user can request notification when the contents, topic or owner of a specific document changes.
Any user can respond to a posting by contacting the poster directly.
Any user can run it.
Any user can run the performance monitor.
Any user can run uname to see what the system name is.
Any user can save the document locally if desired.
Any user can see and vote on all submitted stories.
Any user can send such e-mail that are out of rule.
Any user can shut down macho .
Any user can signoff from our mailing lists any time.
Any user can simply enjoy the site, choosing segments of animated graphics to view.
Any user can specify the group of users that has rights to access information.
Any user can store personal notes online.
Any user can submit a design and give credibility to their name.
Any user can submit a job to be run.
Any user can submit a story, which goes directly in a voting queue.
Any user can submit a urine sample at any time if there is any concern of ingestion or inhalation.
Any user can trigger a vote for removing an annoying participant.
Any user can use any DNS in the world.
Any user can use it.
Any user can use xlsbatch to submit and manipulate batch jobs and obtain batch system information.
Any user can view the forums without registering.
Any user can write a simple program and captures data packets of other users.
Any user can write to report a bug.
Any user can, accidentally or otherwise, modify or delete any file.
Any user compromise any file in local machine.
Any user has a duty to be aware of the rules currently in force and of any supplementary provisions.
Any user has access to all resources on the system.
Any user has access, in principle, to an infinite set of sentences.
Any user has the ability to consult the list of the approved drawings by group.
Any user installs and uses the software at their own risk.
Any user is free to create new chat rooms.
Any user is free to create new discussions.
Any user is free to move it into article space.
Any user is free to submit items of interest under a certain topic that is open for discussion.
Any user now has anytime, anywhere access to email, calendar, address book and document sharing.
Any user pushing large masses of data to the network is a candidate for a gigabit connection.
Any user showing psychosis requires a detailed assessment.
Any user takes full responsibility for any and all statements entered during the chat.
Any user wanting to sell or buy creates an agent and sends it to the centralized marketplace.
Any users are free to download and run our software.
Any users can easily access One-Touch on the menu.
Any users can submit comments and suggestions.
Every user acts as an interference for every other user.
Every user belongs to a group.
Every user can change passwords and forwarding options.
Every user can create their own web page but there are limits to what is acceptable.
Every user can have different access privileges.
Every user can log into any and every one of our numbers.
Every user can make opinions known, and to everyone else, through Web pages.
Every user can open free e-mail address.
Every user can play all seven games once each day.
Every user can play all six games one time per hour.
Every user can read what other people have added as well as modify each other's entries.
Every user can search, retrieve, create and store documents.
Every user can send e-mail at any time, as they wish.
Every User can share files and downloaded files are automaticly shared back to the community.
Every user can transform shoac s present existence by sending their imagination of shoac.
Every user comes into a network when trying to access information of any form.
Every user dreads the inevitable computer crash or system failure.
Every user experiences that.
Every user generates a pair of unique keys, the secret and the public key.
Every user gets their own password protected control panel.
Every user has a committed terminal, but the actual processing is done on the mainframe computer.
Every user has a default personal channel.
Every user has a default printer.
Every user has a default sandbox.
Every user has a directory called their home directory.
Every user has a home directory .
Every user has a home directory on our server.
Every user has a home directory.
Every user has a login and a password for access to the Internet.
Every user has a login ID and a password, which the user can change.
Every user has a maximum disk quota.
Every user has a mini mainframe on their lap or desktop.
Every user has a personal address book.
Every user has a personal home directory in the utu.fi mainframe.
Every user has a personal wastebasket .
Every user has a price ceiling.
Every user has a profile.
Every user has a pubic key and a private key.
Every user has a rating profile made up of comments from other users.
Every user has a small amount of disk space on our server for just such a purpose.
Every user has a unique access code and their own password.
Every user has a unique login name and no two are the same.
Every user has access to the same updated material, all the time.
Every user has an E-mail address.
Every user has specific needs and demands for their information, and the kind of information.
Every user has the ability to customize the wheelchair to fit their exact needs.
Every user has the ability to offer something new.
Every user has the right to say anything and to ignore anything.
Every user has their own computer.
Every user has their own font folder in which to place fonts.
Every user has their own ideas as to which features make for a useful piece of software.
Every user has their own.
Every user has to fill out a password application form .
Every user has unique requirements.
Every user have a pair of key, public key and private key.
Every user is a cell of the group.
Every user is a member of at least one group and users can be members of multiple groups.
Every user is a member of one or more groups .
Every user is a member of one or more groups.
Every user is a member of some set of groups.
Every user is a potential attacker.
Every user is a victim.
Every user is able to assist in searching for extraterrestrial intelligence.
Every user is able to restore OS installation just in five minutes.
Every user is also a developer.
Every user is anonymous, and their information remains completely private on their desktop.
Every user is assigned a netid when they come to school.
Every user is assigned to a role.
Every user is assigned to one or more roles.
Every user is both a host and a client.
Every user is given a library card.
Every user is issued with a library card on becoming an affiliate of the university.
Every user is obliged to use the computers only for research and teaching purposes.
Every user is personally responsible for the integrity of the account assigned to that individual.
Every user is placed into at least one group when that user is created.
Every user is registered.
Every user is represented by a little boy or girl logo in a radar screen.
Every user is responsible for honoring the privacy of other users.
Every user is responsible for the integrity of computer resources.
Every user is responsible for the integrity of the resources.
Every user is set up to use a distributed version of the master catalog.
Every user is set up with a user quota.
Every user is tagged.
Every user is therefore responsible for backing up their work if it is of a critical nature.
Every user knows the Internet varies in speed and reliability of connections.
Every user logs in every morning.
Every user makes mistakes.
Every user needs access to the Internet by means of a 'member' computer.
Every user needs only one account.
Every user needs to download ONE of the faculty files below.
Every user needs to learn our graphics and word-processing software through examples and exercises.
Every user needs to test the program after downloading.
Every user now gets their own unique web address to go directly to their profile.
Every user rates an opinion and adds their points to it.
Every user receives an equal share of the available bandwidth.
Every user takes full responsibility for any and all statements entered during the chat.
Every user's every movement on the Internet is a piece of marketing information.
Many users often feel the effects the next day.
Many users access the Internet at their places of work because few are connected.
Many users adjust the font size for their own preferences.
Many users also add their own custom requirements.
Many users also have pages linked to our main page.
Many users also like to see the foreign letters right on the keys of their keyboard.
Many users also like to take it to prolong their dancing time.
Many users also make incorrect assumptions about their searches.
Many users also pay their own phonebill.
Many users are already familiar with the Internet and require little help.
Many users are also likely to consider their privacy preferences to be, well, private.
Many users are astronomy buffs or have interests in science fiction.
Many users are chronically dissatisfied with their notebooks in comparison to their desktop systems.
Many users are concerned about potential risks in providing credit card numbers over the Internet.
Many users are concerned about security and privacy risks associated with cookies.
Many users are concerned about the amount of memory required to analyze log files.
Many users are confused.
Many users are familiar with web browsers for moving from one site to another.
Many users are loath to make personal information public, even if it's job-related.
Many users are on both lists.
Many users are ready to give up on sport.
Many users are reluctant to substitute digital data bases for stacks of hard copy images.
Many users are satisfied with the resources.
Many users are simply unaware of helpful features readily available in their programs.
Many users are soap fans.
Many users are students of the applications of computers, and the art of programming.
Many users are surprised that geostatistical analysis can be so easy and intuitive.
Many users are surprised that geostatistical analysis can be so intuitive.
Many users are then able to log into that single port.
Many users are to be found in universities or research labs.
Many users are unaware of how vulnerable they are to others with questionable ethics.
Many users are unaware that their Internet browsers contain the certificate.
Many users are unhappy that their applications are tied to particular owner cards on their Newton.
Many users are wary of sending their credit card information through the Web.
Many users are willing to pay extra to get rid of the antenna that get caught in clothes etc.
Many users argue that it is more intuitive and easier to use.
Many users ask how to change fonts for sent messages.
Many users ask how to send both a response to a newsgroup post and an email reply to the sender.
Many users assume that commercial print is just a scaled up version of the same procedure.
Many users balk at writing programs, assuming it's too difficult.
Many users bring their computers for transcribing materials.
Many users burn the lowest grade available without ping or loss of power.
Many users can access the fileserver at the same time.
Many users can access the same information using unique identifiers.
Many users can establish multiple connections through the same tunnel.
Many users can have problems with the larger images.
Many users can have the owner role.
Many users can learn on their own with the sample project and help files included with the software.
Many users can obtain over one megabit per second at times.
Many users can perform their work on small laptops.
Many users can pursue different analysis paths from a common starting point.
Many users can scan information back to one antenna equipped base station at one time.
Many users can speak at the same time and all participants hear all speakers.
Many users can type faster than the machines transmit.
Many users can work on the same database concurrently.
Many users check the site repeatedly throughout the day.
Many users choose to bring their own drinking water.
Many users choose to create more than one email account on an existing domain.
Many users choose to create the packing rules file manually and edit it by hand.
Many users choose to make the intranet their default home page when they start their web browser.
Many users choose to modify the timing cycle to suit their individual needs .
Many users choose to operate with a longer whip to increase their signal on the lower bands.
Many users claim it soothes their nerves or syncs to music that's playing.
Many users claim it soothes their nerves or syncs to music.
Many users claim that the problem with methadone is that it lacks heroin's intensity.
Many users claim they finish the labyrinth feeling closer to their creator.
Many users claim to have an uncontrollable urge to get more of the drug , after using it .
Many users claim to have an uncontrollable urge to get more of the drug, after using it.
Many users claim to have had temporary and lasting relief.
Many users combine drivers compiled into kernel with dynamic drivers.
Many users come online to get information about products, compare pricing or check order status.
Many users complain about frequent disruptions, busy signals, and slow connection speeds.
Many users complain about pages that use onload handlers to run complicated scripts.
Many users complain about the low-quality service they get from help desks.
Many users completely close their home directory to other users, using the chmod command.
Many users consider spam to be an offensive and intrusive form of junk mail.
Many users consider voice tubes to be less intrusive than other types of microphones.
Many users create an application-specific defaults file of their own.
Many users create pages that never change again, which results in a certain staleness.
Many users customize their quit message to describe why they left.
Many users describe statistics alone as unsatisfactory for aiding with important decisions.
Many users develop an affinity for certain search engines, even developing a favourite.
Many users disagree with that assessment.
Many users do in fact effectively modify the source code for their own purposes.
Many users do that without reading any documentation.
Many users do tpk.
Many users don t realize what services are available.
Many users download files from others without making their own files available in return.
Many users elect to use the same key as above.
Many users employ search as a means of navigation.
Many users enjoy using the company's products as the de facto standard CD-R software.
Many users expect the source for maintenance purposes.
Many users expect to be able to match references from multiple databases.
Many users experience a relaxing physical effect similar to a mild inebriation.
Many users experience a relaxing physical effect similar to mild inebriation.
Many users experience difficulty purchasing ISDN lines.
Many users experience poor reliability, even though they've performed extensive battery maintenance.
Many users experience problems printing e-mail from Elm.
Many users experience some loss of image sharpness , especially in low contrast conditions.
Many users express discord at the process.
Many users fall for such schemes.
Many users feel E-mail is so essential that they wish to have their own unique domain.
Many users feel email is so essential, that they wish to have their own unique domain.
Many users feel euphoric or an intense rush of pleasure.
Many users feel the herbal cones have an enhanced therapeutic effect.
Many users feel the same attachment to tin, or rn, or xrn, or trn, etc.
Many users find a complete system reset is required on a daily basis.
Many users find cannabis hard to quit.
Many users find dedicated newsreaders more suited to the task than browsers.
Many users find existing methods of accessing and using census data held on computer burdensome.
Many users find hotkeys to be quicker than using the mouse.
Many users find it is less fatiguing than direct selection or pointing.
Many users find it useful to create message rules to stop large messages from being downloaded.
Many users find it useful to subscribe in digest mode .
Many users find that a client greatly simplifies the process of updating their IP in our system.
Many users find the experience spiritually significant , while others find it frightening.
Many users find the search engine sites good resources for finding information.
Many users find themselves sooner or later needing some hardware.
Many users forget resetting file permissions before trying to execute their scripts.
Many users forgo searches and shopping forays on the Internet out of frustration.
Many users get a second or even third unit.
Many users get a second unit, to enjoy the ability to run complex simulation games.
Many users get a second unit.
Many users get irritated about it, though.
Many users go directly to the search form when they look for specific information.
Many users have a full-time Internet email connection and expect an instant response.
Many users have a home page when they log on.
Many users have both business and personal accounts.
Many users have free reign to create and delete directories and data on existing networks.
Many users have IDs on many of the hosts.
Many users have interactive tutorials and teaching software on computers.
Many users have multiple passwords, compounding the administrative costs.
Many users have questions trying to print SAPscript.
Many users have several email addresses.
Many users have slow dial-up network connections.
Many users have software they developed on their own or purchased from third parties.
Many users have to access both systems for a variety of reasons.
Many users have to pay their Internet access providers by the minute.
Many users have valid concerns about privacy issues related to cookies.
Many users have variant Web domain names.
Many users have visual impairments and learning disabilities.
Many users have what is commonly referred to as unlimited access accounts.
Many Users Hold Back on.
Many users host discussion forums where they discuss topics of interest.
Many users increase their default font size to make text easier to read.
Many users inefficiently organize disks by application program.
Many users insist on English forms.
Many users install and use open source software without ever looking at the code.
Many users install custom portholes in their cases, revealing a glimpse of their computer's guts.
Many users install the software on their laptops and then use it somewhere in the field.
Many users just snort the powder which is just as dangerous.
Many users keep a bottle in their car so they are prepared for any emergency.
Many users keep contact information on bivio for the convenience of other club members.
Many users know what they want, but don t know how to get it.
Many users lack computer skills, internet skills and information seeking skills.
Many users learn more effectively with an informal approach.
Many users leave files unopened on their computers until they have time to view the contents.
Many users leave sites that require obscure plug-ins.
Many users like to add userboxes to their user pages.
Many users like to browse through our categories.
Many users like to make hard copies of Web pages.
Many users like to personalise their letters with a unique signature.
Many users like to receive notice of events in their diary as email.
Many users like to use their Bookmark file as the default startup page.
Many users listen to bits and pieces of several different games.
Many users love software on the net.
Many users master DocSTAR in a single hour.
Many users mistakenly assume that once the firewall is online, that the security problem is gone.
Many users modify the natural powder in order to have better results in their specific end uses.
Many users navigate the service using the on-line help and tutorials.
Many users neglect to save their work, resulting in lost effort when computer errors occur.
Many users never go to the second or third page of results from their searches.
Many users never have a problem, while others have it all the time.
Many users now use their email as a basic form of indexing.
Many users only look at the content immediately visible when the page loads.
Many users only use one or two icons ever.
Many users only visit our site once a year.
Many users overwrite or format tapes when they accidentally type in the wrong command.
Many users pack a spare for extended use in flight.
Many users place their resume' on their web page.
Many users prefer e-mail to paper mail.
Many users prefer flat panels to CRTs because of their clear flicker free color imaging capability.
Many users prefer light pens because of their lower cost and easier maintenance.
Many users prefer liquid acid to tabs because no chemical binding agents are needed.
Many users prefer natural medicine instead of synthetic remedies.
Many users prefer secure shell and pine to read all their email for fast no-frills computing.
Many users prefer the flexibility of wireless microphones.
Many users prefer to buy software.
Many users prefer to download long lists of works on a related subject for later use.
Many users prefer to have the publication at hand while working with the electronic version.
Many users prefer to hear punctuation marks as they are typed.
Many users prefer to repair their own components, and sometimes that is the best solution.
Many users prefer to type the text of their messages first, and then fill in the other fields later.
Many users prefer to use rechargeable batteries in their units.
Many users prefer using the Screen menu to the pulldowns.
Many users purchase a simple system with only one controller and upgrade over time.
Many users qualify for reduced fare programs.
Many users quickly become dependent on heroin.
Many users quickly discover how vulnerable they are.
Many users read magazines while they wait.
Many users realize payback in six months or less.
Many users receive the digest version of the mailing list.
Many users record hundreds of bookmarks that are buried within disorganized menu hierarchies.
Many users refer to transmitters and transducers interchangeably.
Many users regard an operating system's user interface as the operating system itself.
Many users rely on log-like output to determine if their applications are running correctly.
Many users rely on the special search operators discussed below.
Many users remain oblivious to the danger, and have done little to protect themselves.
Many users reply to postings within different newsgroups, so duplicates are plentiful.
Many users report a lighter menstrual flow and less menstrual cramping.
Many users report an enhanced energy effect after sustained use.
Many users report an increase in their sex drive as well as better sexual performance.
Many users report difficulty logging on, and problems with the awkward interface.
Many users report eye strain or other discomfort .
Many users report fantastic results off the search pages.
Many users report feeling more connected with political issues since coming on-line.
Many users report severe addiction after smoking it just once.
Many users report some speed improvements, particularly on slower machines.
Many users report system crashes while doing basic tasks.
Many users report that their servers have run for months, even years, without crashing.
Many users report that, over time, they require more of the drug to get the same effect.
Many users report the first visible results begin within the first two weeks.
Many users report they have had the best time they have ever had in their life.
Many users request copies of the photographs and moving footage in our collection.
Many users request the same popular pages and objects.
Many users require access to the additional compute power, irrespective of the special architecture.
Many users return again and again.
Many users routinely filter out e-mail from such URLs.
Many users say they can t even feel the condom.
Many users say they have cut their coding time by more than half.
Many users screen their e-mail by reading who sent the mail and what the subject is.
Many users see communications networks as being free.
Many users send ideas for new tools.
Many users share the content within a single location.
Many users share the media link.
Many users shy aware from Linux because it looks different.
Many users shy away from upgrading.
Many users sign up all the time.
Many users simultaneously share circuits and no single connection is left open for one user.
Many users start out blissfully unaware of the skills required to effectively pilot the software.
Many users start their morning by checking their internal and external E-mail.
Many users start their search for local services by entering the geographical location.
Many users stay on-line while they read and compose mail.
Many users steal items like baby formula, which has dual worth.
Many users still have news readers that only operate with plain text messages.
Many users still remember how stable the BX chipset was.
Many users still send basic text, although rich text sometimes.
Many users submit their proposals up to a year in advance.
Many users suppress the use of cookies on their browsers.
Many users switch off the graphics facility of their browsers to speed up downloading.
Many users take advantage of the tables or couches to talk, at or study.
Many users take issue with shareware authors who ask to be paid for their work.
Many users take pills in high doses.
Many users take repeated doses to maintain the high and avoid the crash.
Many users take some time to develop switch skills.
Many users tend to experiment with a variety of club drugs in combination.
Many users think of R as a statistics system.
Many users think parallel processing is complex.
Many users think they'll do it later but never get around to it.
Many users think they're too small to be bothered by hackers.
Many users think view and show are synonyms.
Many users try to boost their system's performance that way, too.
Many users turn out the lights in their demo and conference rooms, but leave the cameras on.
Many users turn to search engines to find information on the Internet.
Many users typically do the same type of hulls over and over.
Many users typically use their computers as the means to an end.
Many users use our current software to test moving lights.
Many users use their browsers with images turned off.
Many users use their initials.
Many users visit the test groups to help out new users.
Many users wish to print each medication on a separate prescription page.
More users can have access to online newspapers.
More users entail a full account to be set up.
More users equal more revenue from advertising sales.
More users find more bugs .
More users find more bugs.
More users mean an overload on the phone lines and a longer wait to download information.
More users means better handsets, services and prices.
More users means more congestion that slows data transmission rates even more.
More users means more feedback.
More users means more input and better links.
More users means more venues for advertising.
More users simply require increased RF capacity in order to provide uniform system access.
Most users accept the default optimization step sizes within the program.
Most users accept the default setting for the information in the security tab.
Most users access more than one type of data.
Most users access our website during the normal work hours.
Most users access the Internet through low quality modem connections.
Most users access the network to check e-mail and surf the Web.
Most users acknowledge limitations.
Most users agree that it is different from other drugs.
Most users already have accounts.
Most users also smoke or use multiple other drugs so studies vary as to effects they report.
Most users appear happy with the service.
Most users appreciate having someone close by who they can ask for computing assistance.
Most users are a great pleasure to host.
Most users are able only to remember a few numbers but are able to memorise entire lists of words.
Most users are able to begin modeling within minutes of installation.
Most users are able to operate the equipment with little or no training.
Most users are able to use it successfully without product training.
Most users are able to use LOOK without introduction or education.
Most users are assigned to roles.
Most users are average.
Most users are both friendly and helpful.
Most users are comfortable using search engines to find what they are looking for on the Internet.
Most users are comfortable with multimode and know how to use it.
Most users are comfortable with the software after an hour of use.
Most users are episodic recreational users who voluntarily curtail their use.
Most users are familiar with model building in two dimensions using spreadsheets.
Most users are fully aware of the threats posed by computer viruses and other malicious code.
Most users are interested in historical hourly-mean wind data.
Most users are interested in the competitive side of golf.
Most users are likely to abuse several drugs.
Most users are lucky to get cheap broadband of any kind, much less have a choice of services.
Most users are males, but the number of female users is increasing.
Most users are members of one group.
Most users are moderate consumers who only smoke it socially or occasionally to relax.
Most users are moderate consumers who only Smoke it socially or occasionally to relax.
Most users are moderate consumers who smoke it socially to relax.
Most users are more than happy to answer the questions.
Most users are much more interested in the downstream speed of their access to the Internet.
Most users are nice people who are honestly having trouble with their computers.
Most users are satisfied with typing in rude words to see how the program responds.
Most users are unable to customize their applications to their tasks.
Most users are unable to determine which component of the framed page is the focus.
Most users are unaware of the amount of information they unwittingly send Web sites.
Most users are unaware of the differences between search engines.
Most users are unaware that much of the artwork is re-used on release after release.
Most users are unfamiliar with accessibility issues on the Web.
Most users are up and running in less than five minutes.
Most users are up and running within minutes.
Most users are very impatient.
Most users arrive at pages by searching rather than browsing.
Most users associate remote-control software with telecommuting or day extending.
Most users become dependent on it.
Most users become talkative, restless and excited.
Most users begin by snorting and then move to injection use.
Most users begin their Internet habits by exchanging messages with friends and co-workers.
Most users begin their Internet habits innocently enough, by exchanging messages with co-workers.
Most users begin their telecommunications experience through e-mail, or electronic mail.
Most users begin to get lost when their model contains more than three layers or paths.
Most users benefit from technology.
Most users buy products.
Most users can be up and running with two to three days of on-site training.
Most users can block, delete, and protect correctly.
Most users can cope, so the server gets away with it.
Most users can create their PIN number remotely.
Most users can get by on less.
Most users can get online in just a few minutes, and there are no configuration files to edit.
Most users can handle that download.
Most users can ignore the Advanced areas.
Most users can install memory without assistance.
Most users can logon multiple times.
Most users can only see the data for their own messages.
Most users can only view and query data.
Most users can run a search without looking at the manual.
Most users can setup their first database within a few days.
Most users can use the default profile.
Most users can use the new dial-in numbers by simply changing the dial in number.
Most users can work without supervision after several training sessions.
Most users can.
Most users change jobs.
Most users change minds.
Most users change setting.
Most users choose from the alphanumeric characters, the period and the underscore.
Most users choose locations.
Most users choose multiple locations.
Most users choose simple words as their passwords, unaware of the prevalence of dictionary attacks.
Most users choose telephone modems because of the low cost.
Most users choose the first initial of their first name and full last name.
Most users choose to be notified before such code runs so they have the option of blocking it.
Most users choose to log in using standard mode to achieve quicker response time.
Most users choose to login in using standard mode to achieve quicker response time.
Most users choose to sign in using standard mode for a quicker response time.
Most users choose to sign in using standard mode to achieve quicker response time.
Most users choose to use regular mode to achieve quicker response time.
Most users choose to use some type of visual HTML editor.
Most users collect and process their own data.
Most users complete an exercise in a course and then submit it to their tutor for comment.
Most users connect through the phone line, so select that.
Most users connect through their phone line with an account provided by their ISP .
Most users connect to the Internet by modem.
Most users connect to the Internet to get on the Web and get their e-mail.
Most users consider GUIs to be simple and natural.
Most users consider that perfectly acceptable in a visual telescope.
Most users consider the ads to be intrusive, a necessary evil of online commerce.
Most users contact our contributors by email or snail mail.
Most users contact technical representatives.
Most users continue to use Mexican black tar heroin.
Most users create syslog messages through one of the standard interfaces to syslog .
Most users demand more than a command line to operate the system.
Most users demand that a PC-based control solution be as robust as traditional control methods.
Most users describe a dramatic drop in defense mechanisms and increased empathy towards others.
Most users develop problems.
Most users dislike the use of frames, unless the use fits the technique.
Most users dissolve it in water, then use a needle to inject it directly into a vein.
Most users do considerable work at home or while traveling.
Most users do.
Most users don t pay.
Most users don t want any more fancy features.
Most users download to a TEMP folder.
Most users enjoy benefits.
Most users enjoy more than one activity.
Most users enjoy services.
Most users enter in all lower-case letters.
Most users enter life.
Most users enter the system to read e-mail.
Most users estimate optimal values.
Most users estimate values.
Most users excrete substances.
Most users exercise independent judgment.
Most users exercise judgment.
Most users exercise own independent professional judgment.
Most users exercise own judgment.
Most users exercise professional judgment.
Most users expect normal run of the mill amounts of coarse bran.
Most users expect the network to provide the capability for fax service between sites.
Most users experience a short period of paranoia while their bodies adjust to the rush of the drug.
Most users experience intense sensation.
Most users experience interaction.
Most users experience more positive social interaction.
Most users experience positive interaction.
Most users experience social interaction.
Most users favor stricter enforcement of existing rules rather than developing new ones.
Most users feel better having no information at all gathered and collected.
Most users feel differences.
Most users feel effects.
Most users feel it is an excellent resource.
Most users feel negative effects.
Most users feel senses.
Most users feel side effects.
Most users feel the program is more trouble than it's worth.
Most users find a team approach to preparing the application works best.
Most users find answers to their questions by searching the database.
Most users find answers.
Most users find helpful answers.
Most users find it annoying and it only adds to the congestion of the Internet.
Most users find it easy to use and the manuals sufficiently good to learn from.
Most users find it helpful to know about researchers engaged in similar projects.
Most users find it much easier to use a static HTML page however.
Most users find it very hard to read the page when it's constantly flickering on and off.
Most users find manuals.
Most users find new systems require minimal instruction.
Most users find parallel programming difficult for at least four reasons.
Most users find pop-up windows highly disturbing.
Most users find routine.
Most users find tests.
Most users find that solution to be unrealistically expensive.
Most users find that they can configure their own systems for internet use.
Most users find the gallon containers the most convenient to inventory.
Most users find themselves tempted to pirate software.
Most users generally prefer to have an original copy if at all possible.
Most users get life.
Most users get there with a Barlow lens.
Most users get through in two to four hours.
Most users go for months on a single charge.
Most users go months without examining the back of their computer.
Most Users Go Online for a Reason.
Most users go to health sites for research and reference purposes.
Most users grow impatient when waiting for large graphic files to display.
Most users have a distrust of changing the acad.mns file directly.
Most users have a home directory.
Most users have a prompt command in their autoexec.bat file.
Most users have a single directory under which all files are grouped.
Most users have a stand-alone system right now that processes through a modem line.
Most users have a strong tendency to approach projections backwards.
Most users have ability.
Most users have awareness.
Most users have both, and their choices are largely determined by the media they want to play back.
Most users have computers.
Most users have contracts.
Most users have difficulty creating good passwords .
Most users have games.
Most users have it running in minutes.
Most users have monitors capable of displaying thousands of colors.
Most users have more successes than failures, but few have a flawless experience.
Most users have no grasp of the idea of tolerance to a drug.
Most users have no problems.
Most users have no time to become a networking expert.
Most users have no use for corefiles.
Most users have one or perhaps two preferred languages for both reading and writing messages.
Most users have only one account.
Most users have only one floppy drive and only one hard disk.
Most users have options.
Most users have passive smokers.
Most users have quite modest online time.
Most users have rather small disk space allocations on e-mail servers.
Most users have school or work e-mail addresses now they can have a personal address.
Most users have smokers.
Most users have some college education.
Most users have the less-expensive receivers, with no tone alert feature.
Most users have their own work to do, and they are able to devote only limited time to our web site.
Most users have to deal with limits on the amount of email they can receive.
Most users have to rely on friends and colleagues for information on the Internet.
Most users here are already admins and there's usually at least one around at any time.
Most users hold tissue.
Most users hold toilet tissue.
Most users identify as users.
Most users identify substances.
Most users inject their dose using a number of solvents for the powder they purchase.
Most users install it themselves.
Most users instruct their browsers to automatically accept all cookies, risking their privacy.
Most users keep technicians on hand to make sure video links work smoothly.
Most users know that search engines are highly ineffective.
Most users know that the web is always under construction.
Most users know their mail clients as well as or better than they know any other software.
Most users learn applications.
Most users learn by word of mouth and stumbling upon things.
Most users leave settings unchanged.
Most users like to have a local storage option.
Most users like to make their own notes on how to operate a program.
Most users likely have old PC s .
Most users likely use English for business operations.
Most users log on to research property deeds or check payoff amounts.
Most users make contributions.
Most users make decisions.
Most users manage applications.
Most users meet requirements.
Most users mount the winch upside down to keep mud, snow and ice from accumulating.
Most users move heads.
Most users never go over the allotted amounts each month.
Most users never print anything requiring the form printer.
Most users never use it.
Most users notice a mild euphoria or a sense of well-being.
Most users notice being more sociable.
Most users nowadays browse with a graphical browser, as well as browse with images turned off.
Most users obtain services.
Most users only have access to e-mail.
Most users only have one login.
Most users only use services that are free of charge.
Most users operate in more than one role.
Most users operate on hydra.
Most users operate radar in the heading-up mode because it's the easiest to interpret at a glance.
Most users opt for a separate number pad.
Most users perform a hard disk boot when starting the system for general operations.
Most users perform actions.
Most users point out goals.
Most users point out similarity.
Most users point out term weight loss goals.
Most users prefer moving the message directly to the trash.
Most users prefer one of the birds-eye views.
Most users prefer sites without frames.
Most users prefer some digestion of the data in the form of filtering, processing , or mapping.
Most users prefer speech over mouse, even if they can be quicker with a mouse.
Most users prefer standard protocols even when technical performance favours alternatives.
Most users prefer the ability to narrow the search with successive or recursive search techniques.
Most users prefer the clamping models as they can be set up quickly.
Most users prefer to apply the powder form to marijuana or tobacco for smoking.
Most users prefer to read their e-mail on their own workstation.
Most users prefer to select fixed-width fonts.
Most users prefer to use the sheets dry without any water or other lubricant.
Most users prefer to work in the opposite direction.
Most users prefer using system names because they are easier to remember.
Most users provide follow information.
Most users provide genome sequence information.
Most users provide information.
Most users provide interest.
Most users purchase an inkjet printer, which is fine for school use.
Most users purchase joysticks or wheel and pedal combinations.
Most users reach goals.
Most users reach weight loss goals.
Most users really have no idea at all.
Most users receive at least a few messages every day, and many users receive dozens.
Most users receive cost.
Most users receive electrical power.
Most users receive it within a few minutes.
Most users receive power.
Most users receive products.
Most users receive ship cost.
Most users recognize that their passwords are critical to the security of their own accounts.
Most users rely on a modem for their communication needs.
Most users rely on their notebook PCs for word processing, spreadsheets, e-mail, and Web browsing.
Most users remain seated or lying down during the experience.
Most users remit and report quarterly.
Most users report drastic improvement of skin rashes by the next day.
Most users report effective use of the tool in less than one total day s effort.
Most users report excellent business results.
Most users report excellent results.
Most users report lowered inhibitions .
Most users report results.
Most users request their data encapsulated in a digital product.
Most users requesting help have very basic questions.
Most users require no more than a service that is comfortable, safe and relatively efficient.
Most users respond to tasks.
Most users retrieve more data from the Internet than they send out.
Most users return regularly for additional support and training or as teachers themselves.
Most users return to sites.
Most users routinely use one or two word searches to find information on common topics.
Most users run a log file for their session.
Most users run it along the underside of the enclosure.
Most users run out of hard drive space at some point.
Most users say the bevelling jig is faulty.
Most users say the relief lasts several hours.
Most users say they dislike animations.
Most users scan rather than read.
Most users search there first.
Most users see applications.
Most users see benefits.
Most users seek advice.
Most users seek medical advice.
Most users seem so brainwashed by an operating system that they ll defend it at all cost.
Most users seem so brainwashed by an operating system that they'll defend it at all cost.
Most users seem to remain unconvinced however.
Most users sell to their friends, making a little profit.
Most users send a message to one or two recipients at a time.
Most users send relatively little data compared with what they receive.
Most users share common interest.
Most users share information.
Most users share interest.
Most users show physical withdrawal symptoms.
Most users simply use consistently mounted drives on each machine.
Most users spend the majority of their computing time using only a handful of programs.
Most users spend their time walking between the printer and the fax machine.
Most users stand beside and view through the scope's eyepiece.
Most users start with a clean, freshly formatted system on which the operating system is installed.
Most users still access the Internet from relatively slow connections.
Most users still have relatively slow connection speeds.
Most users still prefer to browse an original article on paper rather than viewing onscreen.
Most users stop when the shadow of the secondary mirror is centered in the disk of starlight.
Most users store corporate data on their personal devices.
Most users subscribe to a few newsgroups.
Most users subscribe to our lite plan.
Most users substitute another program to manage phone numbers and addresses.
Most users suffer symptoms.
Most users surf and pay no heed to the URL's as they follow a link trail.
Most users take ecstasy and go to dance clubs called raves to enhance their high.
Most users take full responsibility.
Most users take responsibility.
Most users take the product just before they intend to fall asleep.
Most users take three.
Most users tend to follow a few common paths.
Most users tend to use only a fraction of the potential of their hardware and software.
Most users think little about it unless problems occur.
Most users think they offer the same services.
Most users though are unaware they are using a smart card.
Most users try to compensate by changing the video settings.
Most users typically note an immediate improvement in starting and shutting down.
Most users understand batteries poorly.
Most users use applications.
Most users use fruit.
Most users use images from the internet etc.
Most users use inbox as a place to sort out new mail and, often, to refile it to other folders.
Most users use it for bulk or automated conversions, often on a server.
Most users use just one mail file and simply organize their messages using folders.
Most users use knowledge.
Most users use marijuana.
Most users use only a small percentage of the features and the power of any software program.
Most users use only the first function.
Most users use power.
Most users use products.
Most users use some form of offline mail reader.
Most users use substances.
Most users use the Internet for e-mail and occasional Web browsing.
Most users write a little bit about themselves and their interests on their user page.
Most users write notes.
Some users always use the same tapes for each backup.
Some user wants to keep in touch with their buddies.
Some users accept offers.
Some users achieve effects.
Some users actually expect the network to work most of the time.
Some users add cord.
Some users also allow other people access to their e-mail addresses.
Some users also complain of urinary tract infections.
Some users also connect their devices to PCs via a dial-up modem.
Some users also connect through a long distance number or via cellphones.
Some users also eat marijuana by adding it to food.
Some users also find their stomach starts churning.
Some users also have physical or cognitive disabilities that impact their use of a Web page.
Some users also mix marijuana into foods or use it to brew tea.
Some users also mix marijuana into foods, such as brownies, or use it to brew tea.
Some users also report longer-lasting results when dead skin calls are first cleared away.
Some users are able to become as self-mobile in a ceiling lift as in a wheelchair.
Some users are accustomed to command completion functionality.
Some users are actually stupid.
Some users are allergic to contact with pesticides.
Some users are assign roles.
Some users are assigned to tasks.
Some users are cautious.
Some users are colorblind.
Some users are concerned about imputations.
Some users are guilty of rude and reckless driving.
Some users are ignorant of the program.
Some users are less concerned.
Some users are more and some are less disturbed by multiuser interference in the average.
Some users are more and some are less disturbed by multiuser interference on average.
Some users are more lenient, some less so, some in the middle.
Some users are more resourceful than others in finding their own answers.
Some users are now as young as junior high age.
Some users are on very slow connections, and they 'surf' the web with images switched off.
Some users are still without a surge suppressor with modem protection for their computer.
Some users are subject to the arbitary whim of their service provider.
Some users are team builders, who assume a leadership role and work toward building the community.
Some users are trained in applications.
Some users are unable or unwilling to disable scripting languages completely.
Some users are unable or unwilling to view complex pages with frames or memory-intensive graphics.
Some users are unable to view frames due to browser limitations.
Some users are unaware that their mailbox is huge because only new mail gets downloaded.
Some users are unclear about what sharing means.
Some users are under the impression that the easiest way to share data is to share passwords.
Some users are unhappy with the exposed board.
Some users are very skilled in many different applications and different type of operating systems.
Some users ask about additional sources of icons to use.
Some users assign cases in the early part of the course and a simulation in the latter part.
Some users assume growth.
Some users assume they're starting a new search and can become frustrated with the results.
Some users attend workshops.
Some users become addicted quickly, and abuse it with increasing frequency and in increasing doses.
Some users become anxious, irritable, hostile aggressive.
Some users become anxious, irritable, hostile and aggressive.
Some users become customers.
Some users become embodiment.
Some users become mentally ill.
Some users become upset about our spelling.
Some users begin before age twelve.
Some users believe algae strengthens the immune system.
Some users believe and are let down.
Some users believe that smokeless tobacco is a safer alterative in tobacco users.
Some users benefit from simultaneous access to primary and alternative content.
Some users boil the leaves a second time in fresh water to remove any traces of bitterness.
Some users buy cream.
Some users buy ice cream.
Some users buy unfilled prescriptions obtained by people with insurance.
Some users can also develop hypertension.
Some users can do operations.
Some users can electronically place an order.
Some users can even attack their enemies with their thorns.
Some users can feel disorientated, tired, irritable and even paranoid or anxious after a hard night.
Some users can get bad effects from marijuana.
Some users can only view certain entities such as prices.
Some users can t use their telephones and faxes while they are on the Internet.
Some users carry handkerchiefs.
Some users catch salmon.
Some users change model parameter values.
Some users change values.
Some users choose to create non-drawings which sound like actual tunes, known or newly composed.
Some users choose to disable image loading so that pages are displayed faster.
Some users choose to print out the publication for easy reference.
Some users choose to simply copy their data files onto a floppy disk.
Some users claim that behavior blocking results in too many false positives.
Some users claim that it works fine.
Some users combine opiates with a stimulant such as cocaine.
Some users compare the drug to drinking alcohol.
Some users complain of nausea, dizziness, vomiting, diarrhoea and stomach pains.
Some users complain of rhinitis.
Some users complain that it is noisy during use.
Some users complain that they are too wide in the back, making it hard to breath or talk.
Some users complain the so-called digital chaperones censor too much information.
Some users configure their own systems.
Some users consider cookies a security risk.
Some users consider injections.
Some users continue to express apprehension over privacy issues.
Some users create definition.
Some users create pages.
Some users create rather elaborate characters for themselves.
Some users crush the pill and snort the powder.
Some users demand interchangeability between manufacturers of the same product.
Some users describe discovering old mines and cabins abandoned and forgotten for decades.
Some users describe puffballs.
Some users describe scenes.
Some users develop a tolerance to marijuana.
Some users develop dependence.
Some users develop psychological dependence.
Some users disagree with that assessment.
Some users disagree.
Some users discuss issues.
Some users dislike seeing the messages that are displayed when the above Needs command is evaluated.
Some users dislike the use of colours because colours make the channel messy and disorganized.
Some users do avoid heartache.
Some users do re-engineer our tools to achieve specific advantages.
Some users do serious walking, while others choose a leisurely pace.
Some users do turn off graphics.
Some users do want to just buy a database.
Some users do.
Some users employ a switch box.
Some users employ a table of frequently misspelled words to assist the query function.
Some users engage in reckless or dangerous behaviour while under the influence of inhalants.
Some users enhance the experience by smoking.
Some users enjoy cream.
Some users enjoy ice cream.
Some users even complain that despite manufacturer's claims, foods do stick.
Some users even disable the PIN-code because the entry procedure is considered to be too cumbersome.
Some users even have aircraft, tugboats and rail locomotives.
Some users even shop to show their participation with our sponsors.
Some users eventually communicate without any physical contact with their facilitator.
Some users experience a psychosomatic addiction, but that is purely psychological.
Some users experience a sluggish Internet connection or downtime.
Some users experience an increase in bladder infections.
Some users experience feelings of power and superiority.
Some users experience heart attacks.
Some users experience inability.
Some users experience intense feelings of insight with mystical or religious significance.
Some users experience loss of network drives multiple times per day.
Some users experience memory leaks which can be hard to track down.
Some users experience problems accessing the Secure section of the website.
Some users experience problems when they try to access our catalogue.
Some users experience problems with disks crashing.
Some users experience temporary anxiety or mild hallucinations.
Some users experience temporary vision problems.
Some users experience weightlessness, difficulty concentrating, amnesia and an inability to speak.
Some users experience wind.
Some users feel comfortable by opening links in a new browser window.
Some users feel heavier binoculars provide a more stable image.
Some users find guns.
Some users find it completely averts an outbreak, while others report a faster healing time.
Some users find it difficult to use.
Some users find it easier to navigate dselect when it is colorized.
Some users find it handy to locate their mail programs, always open, on the right monitor.
Some users find it helps to make the logo smaller and use smaller font sizes.
Some users find it useful to assign unique identifying numbers to bug reports.
Some users find parts of the table difficult to interpret.
Some users find such material offensive.
Some users find that they have to pump the cartridges very often.
Some users follow presentation.
Some users get awesome experience.
Some users get experience.
Some users get headaches.
Some users get images.
Some users get results.
Some users give up and turn to alternative sources.
Some users go from offer to offer to save on gift shopping.
Some users go in everyday.
Some users go through the process at night, then wake up in the morning with a tan.
Some users have a browser that can render frames but the users dislike framed documents.
Some users have a vehement dislike for frames because of their early bad experiences with frames.
Some users have access to the files in their departmental secretaries folder.
Some users have an account on more than one computer.
Some users have benefits.
Some users have cognitive disabilities.
Some users have constant problems, other users never have a disconnect.
Some users have difficulty in framing questions well.
Some users have directories inside other user's directories, so be sure to look for that.
Some users have effects.
Some users have friends.
Some users have interest.
Some users have knowledge.
Some users have learning disabilities.
Some users have more knowledge and better software than others.
Some users have more than one email account that they'd like to use while editing their locations.
Some users have more-specific wish list items.
Some users have multiple names and use one account to pick up the mail.
Some users have no access but have urgent needs for information.
Some users have permission.
Some users have rights.
Some users have roles.
Some users have same effects.
Some users have several accounts.
Some users have the animal wear a halter at all times, even when stalled or turned out.
Some users have the permission to place an exclusive lock on the resource.
Some users have the problem described below.
Some users have their passwords noted in plain view of others on a sticky note on their monitor.
Some users have thousands of emails.
Some users have to go through a proxy server to access the Internet.
Some users have to pay to pick up their messages.
Some users hollow out commercial cigars and replace the tobacco with marijuana.
Some users incorporate designs.
Some users ingest nicotine.
Some users inject it.
Some users install a hardware rebooting device to recover from all types of crashes.
Some users install a separate telephone line for the computer.
Some users install tape drives on their computers.
Some users just have problems with that.
Some users keep a dummy mailbox around for whatever reason.
Some users keep extensive lists of abbrevs that they load in every session.
Some users know exactly what they're looking for.
Some users laugh a lot, others become quiet and withdrawn or sleepy.
Some users leave downloads running in the background and collect the files later.
Some users like to add the printer a third time using draft quality to save on ink.
Some users like to also add a half-teaspoon of vinegar.
Some users like to be challenged.
Some users like to start their Optopus session with an populated field of candidate source.
Some users like to use flag icons instead of country names.
Some users list patents as well.
Some users lose ability.
Some users lose interest.
Some users lose muscles.
Some users maintain company profile details.
Some users maintain details.
Some users make adjustment.
Some users mistake their email username for the dial-up username.
Some users mix marijuana into foods or use it to brew a tea.
Some users mix marijuana into foods or use it to brew tea.
Some users monitor both the user and developer list.
Some users move through the levels as their applications and skills evolve.
Some users move tissue.
Some users never read their mail, it's that simple.
Some users notice an enhancement of auditory acuity.
Some users obtain cards.
Some users obtain daily report cards.
Some users obtain report cards.
Some users offer advantage.
Some users only use a maximum setting, others a maximum and minimum setting.
Some users pass tests.
Some users pay too much, others too little.
Some users place their pump inside their pillowcase.
Some users plan attacks.
Some users play online games, while others do their shopping online.
Some users plow under one application and disc in another to create a uniform humate level.
Some users post provocative statements just to add to discussions.
Some users prefer a different style microphone or a microphone with different features.
Some users prefer brown eggs to white, or vice versa.
Some users prefer large or small seeds.
Some users prefer placing a piece of plain paper between the iron and the film to reduce friction.
Some users prefer the latter mode slow terminals.
Some users prefer the two pane interface when shuffling through their system.
Some users prefer to have the name of the current working directory displayed in their prompt.
Some users prefer to initiate the download themselves, though.
Some users prefer to navigate by menu, others prefer a search box.
Some users prefer to see earthquakes drawn as circles.
Some users prefer to see the trips by pick up time and route.
Some users prefer to use network addresses rather than hostnames at times.
Some users prefer to use network addresses, rather than hostnames at times.
Some users prefer to use symbols that hint at tone.
Some users prefer trackballs or touch pads over the conventional mouse.
Some users presently receive stock quotes from the Internet on their digital phones.
Some users purchase the perfume oil for it's wonderful fragrance.
Some users question the necessity of so much space.
Some users read stories.
Some users really do take things too literally.
Some users really miss having the latest toys.
Some users receive water.
Some users recognize excretion.
Some users recover from arthritis.
Some users refuse to accept cookies from any Internet sites.
Some users rely on speech synthesizers or Braille readers when browsing the Web.
Some users remain skeptical.
Some users repeatedly take the drug over several days in order to maintain the euphoria.
Some users report a decrease in desire for sweets and fatty foods.
Some users report a sense of peacefulness.
Some users report a sudden fear of death.
Some users report attacks.
Some users report difficulty getting good scans from some colour negative materials.
Some users report difficulty with tension and light fabrics.
Some users report fatigue, or decreased concentration.
Some users report feeling sleepier.
Some users report feeling the drug's effects for days.
Some users report feelings of euphoria and enhanced sexual awareness.
Some users report feelings of invulnerability and exaggerated strength.
Some users report feelings of restlessness, irritability, and anxiety.
Some users report getting responses only hours after placing the ad.
Some users report good results with inks, wood stains, oils or waxes.
Some users report insomnia following the journey.
Some users report minor gastrointestinal problems or diarrhea.
Some users report oddities in their source files which caused the error.
Some users report only minor problems.
Some users report slightly enhanced dreams and a more restful sleep.
Some users report slow response time when they are accessing remote full text.
Some users report speed of retrieval is greatly increased with fewer lockups.
Some users report stability problems.
Some users report stimulant-like euphoria , particularly in response to music.
Some users report that changing the phone number they dial into fixes their access problems.
Some users report that it is better than the real thing.
Some users report that the current version actually does work, but has some minor problems.
Some users report that the images for the tutorials are missing.
Some users report that when entering their username and password, nothing happens.
Some users report trouble when printing directly from their browsers.
Some users report tumors.
Some users report types.
Some users require different needs.
Some users require huge screens and cutting edge processors.
Some users require periodic use of several dozen or hundreds of series.
Some users require quick access from home to check e-mail on the company server.
Some users resent the intrusion of the inventory agent software.
Some users resent the intrusion.
Some users resort to theft and burglary to support their habit.
Some users return to pages.
Some users routinely scan letters and documents to store in an electronic filing cabinet.
Some users routinely visit a grocery store site just because they're running low on staples.
Some users run with images disabled or are unable to see pictures.
Some users say improved communication both internal and external makes project Web sites worthwhile.
Some users say it's a bit too densely packed.
Some users say ladder is flimsy.
Some users say that the carpet is thin and wears off easily.
Some users say that the scanner is always best at the end.
Some users say the glasses have cut their migraines in half.
Some users say the system is flawed.
Some users say their phone bills are lower.
Some users say they're still waiting for device drivers for printers and other hardware.
Some users say thirty minutes after a meal.
Some users see betel-nut as a benign alternative to tobacco or alcohol.
Some users see boots.
Some users see cowboy boots.
Some users see it as a bastion of free thinking and free speech.
Some users see it as encompassing only transcript, manuscript, or database functions.
Some users see modules.
Some users seem to have emailers which strip out consecutive spaces.
Some users seem to have inflated expectations.
Some users seem to still be experiencing problems with form placement and scaling.
Some users select large type sizes for ease of reading, or specific fonts for personal tastes.
Some users select optimal setting.
Some users select setting.
Some users send invitation.
Some users shift control from hosters to CDNs.
Some users simply enjoy listening to music for relaxation on a busy day.
Some users simply prefer the while command to the for command.
Some users simply use it as a remote access organizer.
Some users simply use the paper they use every day.
Some users smoke cigarettes.
Some users so love the Great Western Trail that they've moved to be near it.
Some users speak only Arabic.
Some users still complain of eyestrain.
Some users submit facts.
Some users submit one and mistakenly think they have submitted both.
Some users suffer from depressions.
Some users take heroin on an occasional basis, thus avoiding physical dependence.
Some users take it upon themselves to then send hate mail to the writer in question.
Some users take pictures.
Some users take what they get in the box and never add options.
Some users think so.
Some users think that using standard input and output is running after trouble.
Some users try to crack system security just to show it can be done.
Some users turn off cookies for various reasons, especially for security reasons.
Some users uncheck it with no problem.
Some users understand issues.
Some users understand performance.
Some users unnecessarily write to the author for permission.
Some users use actions.
Some users use advance techniques.
Some users use techniques.
Some users use the same library other time, but others use a variety.
Some users use their keyboard drawer as a writing surface.
Some users vacuum the probe tip.
Some users view voice as playing a complementary role to a PC's other peripherals.
Some users wait days for a repair.
Some users watch movies.
Some users wish to change the way their name is entered.
Some users wish to constuct indices from tagged entries in the documents.
Some users wish to program their own equipment.
Users accounts are at the discretion of the owner.
All users equipment consists of all mobile and variety of portables.
Many users experience results their first menstrual cycle.
Users fees apply.
Users groups are a big help since they provide a support platform.
Users groups find they have a new business.
Users groups offer an excellent forum for the exchange of information and experiences.
Users information is subject to capture.
Users manual is available, but too comprehensive for quick access.
Users needs are satisfied within a short span of time.
Users pages are their own pages.
Users profiles allow customized settings to take effect after log-on.
Uses soldiers accounts to describe army life during the Mexican War.
USFA members subscribe through their dues.
USFA membership is required for insurance reasons.
USFA membership is required.
USFA publications are free of charge.
USGS computer downloads data from data logger on a daily schedule.
USGS customers are satisfied with our products and services.
USGS customers are satisfied with our products, information and services.
Most USGS data is partitioned by quadrangles.
USGS figures indicate that U.S. demand for bismuth is strong and is continuing to grow.
USGS geologists perform continuing research on kimberlites, the initial source of diamonds.
USGS hydrologists prepare to deploy a semipermeable-membrane sampling device in the Columbia River.
USGS investigations provide information to guide environmental planning and management.
USGS labs are available for student and faculty research, as is a wealth of computer technology.
USGS maps are available for large area studies.
USGS maps are available for sale from map dealers conveniently located throughout the United States.
USGS maps are available in some bookstores, outdoor stores, and university libraries.
USGS maps are commonly available from stationary and engineering stores.
USGS maps are great.
USGS maps cover rectangular areas of land called quadrangles.
USGS maps provide the most detailed topographic information.
USGS maps showing the rivers in more detail are available.
USGS maps use symbology to distinguish five classes of roads plus trails.
USGS researchers devise new methods of quantifying seismic hazards using alternative models.
USGS researchers investigate the issue of contamination on the reefs around the U.S. Virgin Islands.
USGS science makes a difference in the management, conservation and use of our natural resources.
USGS scientists plan studies of the high-energy processes responsible for storm damage.
USGS studies aid environmental managers in decisionmaking for erosion mitigation.
USGS studies are part of a long-term management strategy.
USGS studies indicate that shorelines have recovered to pre-Hugo conditions.
USGS studies indicate that the health of wetlands relates directly to the health of the Bay region.
USGS studies provide a basis for identifying discharges and selecting remedial actions.
USGS workers transcribe seismic data onto CD-ROM for release to the public domain.
USGS workers transport core-testing capabilities to the drill site.
USHA members are fortunate right now.
Ushak carpets are worth seeing.
An usher is an official
Ushers also assist with the collection of the offering and the distribution of communion elements.
Ushers also warn the young ones in Christian formation that it is about time to come to the service.
Ushers are also close in age to the groom.
Ushers are available for assistance.
Ushers are available for persons needing assistance.
Ushers are available to answer questions and provide directions.
Ushers are escorts.
Ushers are friendly and helpful.
Ushers are in place to check tickets as people enter, and families pour in to save seats for others.
Ushers are inside the theater themselves standing at the doors being loud.
Ushers are located in concerts.
Ushers are located in movies.
Ushers are located in operas.
Ushers are located in shows.
Ushers are located in theaters.
Ushers are located in theatres.
Ushers are located in weddings.
Ushers are ministers of hospitality during the liturgy.
Ushers are mostly retirees, students and people doing it as a second job.
Ushers are officials.
Ushers are people.
Ushers are pivotal in setting a welcoming tone to our worship service.
Ushers are responsible for the orderly flow of worship.
Ushers are servants of the people and caregivers of the sanctuary.
Ushers are the people who hand out the bulletin at the beginning of the service.
Ushers are to report problems if unable to handle it.
Ushers are unskilled workers.
Ushers are usually brothers, relatives or best friends of the groom.
Ushers assist in directing people to the front.
Ushers Be sure to explain the seating arrangements to the ushers prior to the ceremony.
Ushers bring a little grace to that moment.
Ushers bring offering to front . . .
Ushers can match the groom or utilize tail and tuxedo combinations.
Ushers Click on the highlighted items for more information.
Ushers collect an offering of admission tickets.
Ushers collect the offering.
Ushers commit to a minimum of six performances throughout the school year.
Ushers customarily pay for their own tuxedos.
Ushers distribute any programs or ceremony handouts at the ceremony.
Ushers do it in the dark.
Ushers encourage fans to take their seats.
Ushers escort worshippers to their seats and take responsibility for the good order of the service.
Ushers get free admission.
Ushers get to see the events for free.
Ushers greet and seat the congregation, take offerings and keep the mechanics of the service moving.
Ushers greet parishioners and visitors at worship and receive the offerings.
Ushers have a variety of responsibilities calling for tact and judgment.
Ushers have pads of scratch paper for the children for drawing or coloring.
Ushers have to pick up discarded bulletins.
Ushers help by handing out bulletins and seating people among other things.
Ushers help direct people during services.
Ushers help facilitate arrangements and details for special liturgies.
Ushers help with our ministry of greeting and order.
Ushers monitor the audience throughout the film, assisting anyone who needs to leave.
Ushers perform a significant role in ensuring the safety and comfort of the guests.
Ushers remain on duty throughout performances.
Ushers report to the box office window an hour and a half before curtain.
Ushers return to the front to dismiss guests beginning with the second row.
Ushers seat and serve the congregation at all church services.
Ushers serve alternating months for four weeks at a time.
Ushers Serve as a host to all events.
Ushers serve as ticket takers, patron seaters and crowd managers.
Ushers Serve at all Sundayservices.
Ushers serve for a month at a time.
Ushers serve on a rotation cycle.
Ushers serve on a weekly rotating schedule.
Ushers serve on one of two teams and are scheduled every other month.
Ushers sit at the back of the church and escort any late comers to the nearest seats.
Ushers take collection to altar when done.
Ushers take guest's tickets and assist in the seating assignments.
Ushers take tickets, pass out playbills, and set up, serve and clean up concessions.
Ushers take up collections and distribute bulletins, etc.
Ushers tell communicants to use both sides of the communion rail, get help from acholytes.
Ushers tidy the sanctuary.
Ushers uphold the social policies and procedures of the college.
Ushers work in teams, serving approximately once a month.
Ushers work three times per month, seating patrons and providing general customer service.
USHS services are available to all full time students as part of their university fees.
Using computers  backspaces.
Using computers  backups.
Using computers  cleanups.
Using computers  closes.
Using computers  communicates.
Using computers  copies.
Using computers  crashs.
Using computers  cuts.
Using computers  escapes.
Using computers  laughs.
Using computers  links.
Using computers  open windows.
Using computers  opens.
Using computers  paste.
Using computers  play games.
Using computers  playing games.
Using computers  power surges.
Using computers  print.
Using computers  records.
Using computers  scans.
Using computers  scrolls.
Using computers  searchs.
Using computers  share information.
Using computers  sorts.
Using computers  tabs.
Using computers  touch types.
Using computers  types.
Using computers  typing.
Using computers  updates.
Using computers  waits.
Using computers  work.
Using computers are used for adults.
Using computers are used for children.
Using computers are used for communicating.
Using computers are used for diagrammings.
Using computers are used for education.
Using computers are used for friends.
Using computers are used for multimedia.
Using computers are used for processing.
Using computers are used for students.
Using computers are used for teachers.
Using computers are used for work.
Using computers are used for working.
Using computers are used for writing.
Using computers cause addiction.
Using computers cause aggravation.
Using computers cause eye strain.
Using computers cause frustrations.
Using computers cause happiness.
Using computers cause headaches.
Using computers cause pleasure.
Using computers cause slothfulnesses.
Using computers cause stress.
Using computers cause typing.
Usnic acid has selective antibiotic qualities which can partly deactivate viruses.
Usnic acid is a natural mitochondrial uncoupling agent.
Usnic acid is chemical compounds.
Usnic acid is poorly water soluble, so ethyl alcohol is used to produce a tincture.
USonly products are products that are illegal to distribute to other countries.
USP payments are such outside-party payments.
All USRA members are welcome to attend.
USRA rules apply.
USSD membership is open to both individuals and organizations.
USSR units are Red.
USTA membership is required.
Ustashi atrocities are beyond words.
USTU membership provides insurance for one calendar year.
Usual activities can continue but be prepared to seek shelter.
Usual activity is age related.
Usual approach is to remove all networking components and start fresh.
Usual attendance is in the thousands.
Usual audience is library website designers.
Usual awards are medals, trophies or ribbons, for example.
Usual call is a series of eight accented hoots ending in oo-aw.
Usual call is low, clear, piping whistle- peee or piuw .
Usual cause is obstruction.
Usual caveats apply.
Usual color is a shade of buff or brown spotted with dark brown and black.
Usual coloration is olive or bluish on the sides, with a bright yellow belly.
Usual colours are black and white.
Usual concessions apply.
Usual condition is mild to intermediate.
Usual conditions apply.
Usual correlation is malnutrition during pregnancy or early life effect IQ and height potential.
Usual cost is several thousand dollars.
All usual deadlines apply.
Usual delivery takes approximately one hour.
Usual disclaimer applies.
Usual disclaimer apply.
Usual disclaimers apply.
Usual disclaimers regarding forward-looking statements by vendors apply to the above press release.
All usual disclaimers apply.
Usual discounts apply for multiple item orders.
Usual dosage is one packet.
Usual dosage is one teaspoonful daily.
Usual dose is two capsules once or twice a day.
Usual doses are one and a half grams or more.
Usual entry is via personnel, initial entry to which is highly competitive.
Usual essentials are grips, practice leotards, etc.
Usual example is a mob leader.
Usual fatigue goes away with rest or sleep .
Usual fatigue goes away with rest or sleep.
Usual form is pink to red with white inner petals , although 'Alba' is pure white.
Usual forms are grids or renaissance plans.
Usual format is a lecture series with outside speakers held at a conference center.
Usual format is a sing around with guests every month or two.
Usual format is four feature articles and book reviews.
Usual garnish is a wedge of lemon and a sprig of parsley.
Usual group is a cow and calf or a cow and an older and younger calf.
Usual guidelines are twice weekly for two weeks, one weekly for two weeks, and then monthly.
Usual habitat includes arroyos, alluvial flats and rocky plains.
Usual habitats are calcium rich marshes, meadows, and shores.
Usual habitats are marshes, wet meadows, and shorelines.
Usual habitats are swamps, bogs, and shorelines.
Usual hours refers to main job only.
Usual instructions call for about a teaspoon of sugar per bottle.
Usual intakes are generally much higher.
Usual items listed are appliances, curtains, etc.
Usual life is about four years.
Usual locations are towns or cities.
Usual manifestations take place.
Usual matter has equal amount of positive and negative electric charge.
Usual meals consist of bread.
Most usual meals consist of bread.
Some usual meals consist of rice.
Usual medium is oil.
Usual menage includes cook, laundress, maid and yard boy.
Usual midday meals consist of bread.
Usual mood is depressed, brooding, unhappy, but they're unwilling to do anything to improve.
Usual onset is mid-teens to early childhood.
Usual participation is in the teens or twenties.
Usual patterns are floral, geometric or natural shapes on a small scale.
Usual practice is to allocate licences for purchasing foreign exchange.
Some usual prey includes birds.
Some usual prey includes tadpoles.
Usual problems are - lines, premature aging, scaling and discomfort due to dryness.
Usual progress is one lesson a day.
All usual regulations concerning grades, incompletes, and cancellations apply.
Usual requirements are a substantial deposit and payment in advance.
Usual requirements are an official handicap and correct attire.
All usual restrictions apply.
Usual route is from the south, starting in juntas.
Usual rules apply - no obscenities, etc.
Usual rules apply . . .
Usual rules apply and the editor's decision is final.
Usual rules apply, contact Fr.
Usual rules apply, just submit a witty and appropriate caption for the above picture.
Usual rules apply.
Usual schedule is one rehearsal and one lesson per week.
Most usual segmentation is done by applying rectangular grid on the image.
Usual services are inexpensive.
Usual shift is three hours in length.
Usual spelling is underlined.
Usual Suspects feat.
Usual symbolism attaches the horse to the earth and sea.
Usual symptoms are vaginal discharge and vaginal itching or burning.
Usual tasks are installation, electronic assembly, and electronic design.
Usual times listed below, but sometimes there is a change in schedule so check the bulletin.
Usual timing is same-day service for week days.
Usual transmission is by ingestion of bacteria from feces.
Usual treatment consists of first aid procedures.
Usual treatment is an antibiotic medication.
Usual treatment is insoles and orthotics.
Usual treatment is nonsteroidal pills such as naprosyn.
Usual treatment is pain relievers and calcium gluconate.
Usual treatment lasts for two-three weeks, and is conducted under close medical supervision.
Usual treatments involve replacing the missing factors by transfusion.
Some usual treatments involve use.
Usual turnout is the combination or average of high turnout and low turnout.
Usual villages has a chief.
Usual volume is one to ten messages per day.
Usual wood is all sycamore, finished in a light colour.
Usualy banks take commision on such transfers.
Usualy things work after the second or third try.
An usufruct is a legal right
Usufruct is established by the law, or by the consent of man.
Usurpation can only occur when another entity acquiesces to the usurpation.
Usurpation implies knowing intent.
Usurpation is a capture
Usurpation is captures.
Usurpation is then an easy attainment, and an usurper soon found.
An usurper is an offender
Usurper takes the quad and goes on a rampage.
Usury laws apply only to loans.
Usury laws vary state by state.
An usury is a lending
Usury permeates each and every economic transaction, directly or indirectly.
Ut isa syllable.
UTs provide the same support and also perform clerical duties on patient units.
Utah prairie dogs occur in areas.
Utah is part of America.
Utah isa thing.
Ute apparel is also for sale at four permanent merchandising shops.
Utes agree to the allotment bill.
Utes bounce out of sole ownership of first on the floor exercise.
Utes build double-digit lead at end of first half.
Utes claim eight individual titles.
Utes get second-best score in school history.
Utes Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Utes receive tenth best score in school history.
Utes remaining in Colorado today live in the southwestern corner of the state.
Utes still take great pride in dressing in their finery.
UTech involvement provides immediate portability of the qualification throughout the Caribbean.
An utensil is an implement
Utensil isa implement.
Utensils adjust to sinking.
Utensils also provide effective barriers to minimize hand contact with food.
Utensils are available for light cooking.
Utensils are available in most of the woods.
Utensils are available upon request.
Utensils are available with large handles which can protect the joints of people with arthritis.
Utensils are durable plastic and dishwasher safe.
Utensils are easy.
Utensils are implements.
Utensils are items.
Utensils are located in backpacks.
Utensils are located in cupboards.
Utensils are located in dinner.
Utensils are located in drawers.
Utensils are nice stainless steel and the napkin is a large, extra heavy paper.
Utensils are plastic.
Utensils are provided, however it is recommended to bring chef and paring knives.
Utensils are stainless steel and handles are made of plastic.
Utensils are used for writing.
Utensils click against plates.
Utensils come with the pan, nice touch.
Utensils designed to be attached to the palm rather than gripped also are avail able.
Utensils have (part) sections.
Utensils Use a deep dish plate.
All utensils come ready to use with three batteries.
Some utensils come in contact.
Some utensils come into contact.
Some utensils consist of iron pots.
Some utensils consist of pots.
Some utensils use for handle raw meat.
Some utensils use for meat.
Some utensils use for raw meat.
Uterine adenocarcinoma is a malignant cancer that can affect female rabbits over two years of age.
Uterine adenocarcinoma is the most commonly encountered spontaneous neoplasm in rabbits.
Uterine anomalies are consistent with anomalies of fusion of the paramesonephric ducts.
Uterine atony accounts for most cases.
Uterine biopsy is the last technique to be performed.
Uterine brother is a brother with the same mother but different fathers.
Uterine cancer is a very treatable and often curable cancer but it can also be a fatal cancer.
Uterine cancer is easier to detect early and cure than breast cancer.
Uterine cancer is more common in older women than in younger women.
Uterine cancer is one of the most common cancers among women.
Uterine cancer is the fourth most common women's malignancy.
Uterine cancer is the most common gynecologic cancer in the United States.
Uterine cancer is the most studied form and most common of cancers found in rabbits.
Uterine cancer is very rare.
Uterine cancer ranks number four on the list of most common cancers to strike women.
Uterine cancer starts in just one cell.
Most uterine cancers begin in the lining or endometrium.
Most uterine cancers develop in the endometrium, the lining of the uterus.
Uterine contraction is contraction
Uterine contraction is contraction.
Uterine contraction leads to oxytocin release, which causes more uterine contraction.
Uterine contractions are infrequent, weak and of short duration.
Uterine contractions are involuntary and, for the most part, independent of extrauterine control.
Uterine contractions are irregular and more painful.
Uterine contractions associated with labor cause a decrease in uterine blood flow.
Uterine contractions begin.
Uterine cysts are one common occurrence, especially in older mares.
Uterine cytology can also detect the presence of urine contamination and fungal infections.
Uterine cytology is a swab of the cells lining the uterus.
Uterine development is initiated by estrogen and completed by progesterone.
Uterine disease is no longer a problem after spaying.
Uterine disease is the second most common cause of reabsorption.
Uterine endometrium develops with elongated glands and blood vessels.
Uterine factor means a disorder of the uterus that results in reduced fertility.
Uterine fibroids are benign growths occurring in the uterus.
Uterine fibroids are benign growths that are usually found in the muscular wall of the uterus.
Uterine fibroids are benign muscle tumors that grow within or on the uterus.
Uterine fibroids are benign, abnormal growths occurring in the uterus.
Uterine fibroids are common and grow slowly.
Uterine fibroids are growths that develop from the cells that make up the muscle of the uterus.
Uterine fibroids are non-cancerous growths in the uterus.
Uterine fibroids are non-cancerous growths that develop in the muscular wall of the uterus.
Uterine fibroids are non-cancerous tumors connected to the uterine wall.
Uterine fibroids are one of the most common medical conditions affecting women.
Uterine fibroids are the most common benign tumor of the female genital tract.
Uterine Fibroids are the most common benign tumor of women.
Uterine fibroids are the most common tumors of the female genital tract.
Uterine fibroids are tumors made of connective tissue and smooth muscle.
Uterine fibroids are very common.
Uterine fibroids can cause pelvic pain and irregular vaginal bleeding in some females.
Uterine fibroids can interfere with embryo implantation or fetal growth.
Uterine fibroids cause many long-lasting problems in women, such as infertility.
Uterine fibroids contain fibrous tissue that's similar to the normal tissue of the uterus.
Uterine growth includes muscular hypertrophy and an extensive increase in connective tissue.
Uterine growth starts after implantation.
Uterine growth stops which in fact becomes smaller in size.
Uterine inertia is rare even during prolonged delivery.
Uterine infections are a very important cause of infertility in alpacas.
Uterine infections are very serious.
Uterine infections respond best to tetracycline boluses placed into the uterus.
Uterine inflammation can also cause infertility.
Uterine involution is complete and ready to breed.
Uterine involution is required for fertility to be restored.
Uterine lavage serves to remove the inflammatory debris and stimulate uterine contractility.
Uterine massage can help decrease cramping.
Uterine muscles are less taut, so a woman is more sensitive to soft kicking.
Uterine myomas are hyperresponsive to estradiol, and the collagen genes are regulated by estrogen.
Uterine polyps can cause irregular or heavy menstrual bleeding.
Uterine pressure slows circulation to the lower extremities.
Uterine prolapse affects females only.
Uterine prolapse can also develop as a result of the stretching of the uterine ligaments.
Uterine prolapse is a condition that results from the loss of uterine support.
Uterine prolapse is a descent or herniation of the uterus into or beyond the vagina.
Uterine prolapse is diseases.
Uterine prolapse occurs when the uterus drops down into the vagina.
Uterine prolapse occurs when the uterus is pushed out of the body through the vagina.
Uterine prolapse refers specifically to the dropping of the uterus.
Uterine prolapses occur around calving time.
Uterine rupture is a rare, but potentially lethal, event.
Uterine rupture is a very uncommon event.
Uterine sarcomas are among the most serious of all cancers.
Uterine wall is shown on the left and the uterine cavity is shown on the right.
Uterus isa organ.
Uteruses expel fluid.
Uteruses have (part) cervixes.
Uteruses have (part) corpi.
Uteruses have (part) endometriums.
Uteruses have (part) lobes.
Uteruses have (part) muscle cells.
Uteruses have (part) muscle fiber.
Uteruses have (part) muscle fibre.
Uteruses have inner layers.
Uteruses have layers.
Uteruses have vaginas.
Uteruses require development.
Most uteruses have inner layers.
Most uteruses have layers.
Most uteruses have vaginas.
Most uteruses require development.
Some uteruses produce progesterone.
Some uteruses support development.
Utilitarian art refers to art forms made for everyday life.
Utilitarian design creates the perfect work environment.
Utilitarian logic has limited value when it comes to evaluating human life.
Utilitarian needs describe the tendency for people to see products as inherently useful.
Utilitarian principles say to maximize overall well-being.
Utilitarian theories use a mix of criteria to maximize public and private utility.
Utilitarian theory supports progressive taxation.
Utilitarian traders trade because their external benefits of trading are greater than their losses.
An utilitarian is a moralist
Utilitarians are moralists.
Utilitarians believe that a given act is moral if it brings more good consequences than bad.
Utilitarians propose the following criterion for morally right actions.
Utilitarians seek to maximize good and minimize harm.
Utilitarians use general rules of thumb.
Many utilitarians reject exceptionless rules.
An utilitarianism is a doctrine
Utilitarianism allows of no such moral distinctions.
Utilitarianism also allows for the evaluation of efficiency .
Utilitarianism approaches moral problems by whether their effect on society is positive or negative.
Utilitarianism argues that ethics derives from a calculus of opposites, pleasure and pain.
Utilitarianism can argue on either side of controversial issues.
Utilitarianism can have seemingly absurd consequences.
Utilitarianism can lead to social injustices, particularly in social distributions.
Utilitarianism Do that which generates the greatest shit for the greatest number.
Utilitarianism has nothing to say on the matter.
Utilitarianism has two moral concepts, equality and utility.
Utilitarianism holds that it is the common good that is to be advanced.
Utilitarianism ignores the importance of intentions.
Utilitarianism is a normative moral theory, i.e. a way of deciding what actions are morally good.
Utilitarianism is a theory for making moral decisions.
Utilitarianism is a very intuitive theory.
Utilitarianism is an egalitarian political theory.
Utilitarianism is committed to the measurement and comparison of the societal good.
Utilitarianism is one of a number of attempts to render moral judgements 'scientific'.
Utilitarianism is probably the best-known teleologial theory.
Utilitarianism is the basic form taken by teleological approaches.
Utilitarianism is the best-known form of consequentialism.
Utilitarianism is the ethical theory that is based on the consequences of our own actions.
Utilitarianism is the most common expression of a still broader moral theory, consequentialism .
Utilitarianism is the view that right actions and institutions maximize aggregate happiness.
Utilitarianism is, however, wholly inadequate as a basis for developing a moral rule of life.
Utilitarianism looks merely at consequences and ignores moral principles.
Utilitarianism makes the past irrelevant.
Utilitarianism offers a practical method of calculating hedonic value .
Utilitarianism offers no method for comparison.
Utilitarianism places a moral veneer over our silence about ethics.
Utilitarianism recognises that there are practical limitations on calculating 'utilities'.
Utilitarianism requires firms to consider the greatest good for the public at large.
Utilitarianism says that actions are right if promote the greatest happiness of the greatest number.
Utilitarianism seeks to provide the greatest good for the greatest number of people.
Utilitarianism seems to have many blatantly counterintuitive consequences.
Utilitarianisms are doctrines.
Utilities companies vary in their approaches to retreatment.
Some utility bicycles are similar.
Utility bills are a problem.
Utility bills are also helpful.
Utility bills are another available means to disseminate information to citizens.
Utility bills are due on receipt.
Utility bills are just one right after another.
Utility bills are lower in energy-efficient homes, so the homeowner can afford a bigger loan.
Utility bills are usually the second largest expense in a school district's operating budget.
Utility bills can be lower due to central systems that distribute utilities to dwellings.
Utility bills can now be auto-deducted .
Utility bills have errors.
Utility bills keep going up.
Utility bills seem to be getting worse.
All utility boxes are worm-resistant and have removable compartment dividers.
Many utility commissions handle consumer complaints.
Utility companies agree.
Utility companies are another group that seem to be migrating to object-oriented technology.
Utility companies can also dig in utility easements, which are typically in the back yard.
Utility companies complete connections and remove overhead wires and poles.
Utility companies continue to employ new technology to try to reduce pollutants.
Utility companies explain that the reason is so they can be poised to meet the future.
Utility companies face slow growing markets and a stringent regulatory environment.
Utility companies fit here, as do companies that sell food, beverages and drugs.
Utility companies get a big bailout.
Utility companies have plans to restore service as quickly as possible after the storm.
Utility companies have sprouted telecom ventures using their rights of way, they argue.
Utility companies have the right in Georgia to fine the contractor for damage done.
Utility companies have two responses.
Utility companies may have interest.
Utility companies offer discounts on telephone and electric rates to eligible companies.
Utility companies offer energy audits, tips, and other help for customers who want to save energy.
Utility companies pay taxes-lots of taxes.
Utility companies produce good pamphlets with energy saving tips.
Utility companies provide an ideal environment for advanced and imaginative uses of fiber optics.
Utility companies provide electricity, gas and communications wiring.
Utility companies provide electricity.
Utility companies provide safe power and wire in accordance with national electric codes.
Utility companies report heavy damage to circuits and equipment.
Utility companies say there is no evidence that the currents harm cows.
Utility companies use natural gas to produce electricity.
Utility company can insert flyer in billing envelopes.
All utility companies offer reduced rates for economic development.
Many utility companies offer customers an amortization program.
Many utility companies offer energy audits for free.
Many utility companies offer free home inspections, to suggest energy savers.
Many utility companies offer rebates for the purchase of energy efficient products.
Many utility companies offer rebates for the purchase of energy-efficient products.
Many utility companies supplement their power with power from wind farms.
Most utility companies do have to pay to relocate their lines.
Most utility companies have applications, which can be completed and mailed in.
Most utility companies have payment plans that can be arranged during periods of financial crisis.
Most utility companies provide a free service that marks the locations of all underground utilities.
Most utility companies provide electricity.
Some utility companies allow new customers with good payment records to skip the utility deposit.
Some utility companies have conservation and weatherization programs available.
Some utility companies offer assistance from a fund made up of contributions from utility customers.
Some utility companies offer financial incentives to install cogeneration systems.
Some utility companies provide a discount on both basic service rates and customer service charges.
Some utility companies provide energy.
Some utility companies provide grants or rebates to encourage homeowners to go geothermal.
Some utility companies provide homes.
Some utility companies require a deposit or service fee from new customers.
Some utility companies seek designs.
Utility cycling is every bit as fun and rewarding as bike-commuting without any of the hassles.
Utility district serving the park is West Knox Utility District.
Utility easements are consistent with surrounding homes and are within setback requirements.
Utility function refers to the thing which the engineering is attempting to preserve or enhance.
Utility functions allow one to process multilingual data uniformly.
Utility functions dictate most of the investment decisions in today's complex financial markets.
Utility functions tend to percolate up to here, to make DTML using ZopeFish methods easier.
Utility helicopters enhance a force's mobility by placing troops at key areas over great distances.
Utility helicopters play a vital role in keeping the force resupplied with ammunition.
Utility infielders hit tape measure shots.
Utility knife has a thin blade for precise slices.
Utility location is an exacting science.
Utility locations surrounding the building Includes research of public and private utility records.
Utility model granted in Germany, for instance, see also short-term patent above.
Utility models are registered rights which confer exclusive protection upon technical inventions.
Utility models are typically functions of the user and context of application of the computation.
Utility models require a different toplink bracket.
Utility patents are perhaps the most familiar, applying to machines, chemicals, and processes.
Utility patents are usually more desirable than design patents.
Utility patents cover functional features.
Utility patents cover new processes, machines, manufactured articles, and chemical compositions.
Utility patents protect function, usually in a device or method.
Utility patents protect inventions that are useful, original and non-obvious.
Utility pigeons are for commercial meat production, known as squabs, and considered a delicacy.
Utility pole remains intact.
Utility poles are open air.
Utility poles are posts.
Utility poles are usually wooden , but vary greatly from nation to nation .
Utility poles are usually wooden, but vary greatly from nation to nation.
Utility poles crop up in attractive pastureland.
Utility poles weigh significantly less than wood or cement.
An utility program is a computer programme
Utility programs are application programs.
Utility programs are available for rearranging file storage on fragmented disks.
Utility programs are programs.
Utility programs are the generic programs that provide basic web support.
Utility programs can defragment a disk quickly.
All utility programs are fully functional.
Utility room boasts utility sink and cabinets.
Utility room has laundry tub and fold down ironing board.
Utility room is also a kitchen.
Utility room is inside.
Utility room is located on the mail level for easy access.
Utility room is off the kitchen.
Utility room is right off the kitchen for added convenience.
Utility room is separated in the basement from the bedrooms.
Utility room is upstairs and there is a two-car attached rear entry garage.
Utility room provides additional built-in storage.
Utility rooms are rooms.
Utility software are programs that assist the user with the maintenance and organization tasks.
Utility software is available to help.
Utility systems are more fragile, as well as many times more expensive, than in the States.
Utility systems are usually a minor source of power quality problems.
Utility theory expresses the decision makers' preferences on a scale from zero to one.
Utility theory is a basis for understanding consumer choice.
Utility vehicles are off-highway vehicles.
Utility vehicles have somewhat lower death rates.
Utility windows float on top of document windows.
An utility is a service
Utilities actually used in rooms occupied by hotel guests are exempt from sales tax.
Utilities add to the capabilities of an operating system.
Utilities allow flexible reporting of the audit information.
Utilities already pay far more in fees than the state spends on administering the permits.
Utilities also can ask consumers to implement voluntary conservation measures.
Utilities also have right of condemnation.
Utilities also modify and clone local and domain users and groups.
Utilities also offer incentive programs to decrease energy use at the application level.
Utilities also provides reuse water for irrigation purposes.
Utilities also say they've been hard-hit.
Utilities are a high risk, banks a better risk, manufacturing is also at high risk.
Utilities are a major cost of doing business especially in California.
Utilities are a natural monopoly.
Utilities are a part of life, but with a little effort, they can be kept under control.
Utilities are abundant at the Plaza with many electrical and water sources available.
Utilities are adequate to good.
Utilities are adequate.
Utilities are affordable, with heat provided primarily by natural gas and electricity.
Utilities are all responsiblilty of renter.
Utilities are all under ground.
Utilities are already at the site.
Utilities Are Also Very Reasonable.
Utilities are an essential aspect of life.
Utilities are an essential part of our infrastructure and are necessary to our everyday life.
Utilities are an example of an annual obligation.
Utilities are another concern.
Utilities are another matter.
Utilities are approximately a mile south of the property.
Utilities are as in any city.
Utilities are at or on property.
Utilities are available adjacent to the proposed subdivision area.
Utilities are available and access on a year round town maintained road.
Utilities are available at an extra cost.
Utilities are available at some sites.
Utilities are available for reorganizing, sorting and deleting banks and data structures.
Utilities are available forother platforms.
Utilities are available from the following suppliers.
Utilities are available in addition to rail, air, and highway access.
Utilities are available nearby, requiring only a stream crossing.
Utilities are available to both lots.
Utilities are available to perform a myriad of small useful jobs.
Utilities are available to synchronize desktops with laptops.
Utilities are available to the park.
Utilities are available.
Utilities are being deregulated, so they have an unusual reason to change policy and hoard cash.
Utilities are big contributors to gubernatorial campaigns.
Utilities are cheaper after peak hours.
Utilities are chronically in short supply.
Utilities are city owned, and are available to homeowners and businesses at a conservative rate.
Utilities are close by and lot leveling available locally.
Utilities are close.
Utilities are collections of programs that do work.
Utilities are complete.
Utilities are concerned about mercury, but they have their own message on the threat.
Utilities are eager to cut costs and raise profits to prepare for a deregulated market.
Utilities are essential.
Utilities are essentially indifferent to unit sales levels.
Utilities are exempt from general excise and property taxes.
Utilities are facilities.
Utilities are for geeks and computer consultants.
Utilities are harder to hear than broadcasts, but they're way more fun.
Utilities are in front of property.
Utilities are in place for some further expansion.
Utilities are in place with community water systems, underground power and telephone.
Utilities are in place.
Utilities are in the spotlight.
Utilities are in util.tar.gz.
Utilities are in.
Utilities are included, so monthly expenses remain constant.
Utilities are inexpensive.
Utilities are more than reasonable.
Utilities are no longer monopolies that can pass along all their costs to consumers.
Utilities are nonwindow-based programs that run in a text window.
Utilities are numerical expressions of patient preferences for a particular state of health.
Utilities are on or near site.
Utilities are on site and located along the southern edge of the property.
Utilities are on the threshold of real competition.
Utilities are plentiful, cost-effective, and readily available.
Utilities are price takers and they normally pay a certain price to buy wholesale energy.
Utilities are programs that fill in the gaps in the operating system.
Utilities are quality.
Utilities are quantitative measures of patient preferences.
Utilities are rather boring businesses.
Utilities are relatively inexpensive.
Utilities are responsibility of renter.
Utilities are services.
Utilities are something to always keep in mind when selecting a living arrangement.
Utilities are specialized programs performing specific tasks.
Utilities are stable and water is provided by the city.
Utilities are stand-alone programs that perform a specific function.
Utilities are subject to varying degrees of regulation in most states.
Utilities are support vehicles such as pick-up trucks, maintenance vehicles and other support units.
Utilities are the major source of many heavy metal emissions.
Utilities are the spanners and screwdrivers of the software world.
Utilities are to be given the opportunity to recover prudently incurred stranded costs.
Utilities are to be paid for by the student.
Utilities are to be shared.
Utilities are to file proposals for commission review.
Utilities are to the lot.
Utilities are underground and include cable.
Utilities are underground and low profile.
Utilities are underground and the home is wired for a generator.
Utilities are underground, and all but ten estate lots are serviced by a central sewerage system.
Utilities are underground.
Utilities are upset that only about half is being spent because of congressional budget restraints.
Utilities are usually smaller and less complex than most other applications.
Utilities are usually to be paid for by the olim.
Utilities are utilities.
Utilities are very different from other equity issues.
Utilities are very much a stabilizing factor.
Utilities are welcome to contribute to the database once information is no longer proprietary.
Utilities are within the national average.
Utilities are, as a whole, low cost.
Utilities argue that mergers save money.
Utilities ask interruptible customers to turn off power.
Utilities assure reliable service in three main ways.
Utilities ASUS once again is at the forefront with the stereoscopic technologies.
Utilities begin taking steps to divest themselves of their generation plants.
Utilities benefit as a result of lower electricity demands during peak periods.
Utilities buy power on credit.
Utilities can add a lot to the monthly cost of a house.
Utilities can also offer incentives for efficient equipment and designs.
Utilities can be a problem, so back up is highly recommended.
Utilities can be something as simple or complex, depending on the task they are required to do.
Utilities can carry the logo on billings.
Utilities can earn more allowances by emitting less or buying allowances from another utility.
Utilities can either bank or sell their bonus allowances.
Utilities can enhance their environmental positioning while building market share.
Utilities can foresee a shortage by monitoring reservoir levels and weather.
Utilities can have several meanings.
Utilities can help promote efficient systems through outreach and incentives.
Utilities can include power, telephone, water, gas, cable, and others.
Utilities can invest in low cost, non- polluting resources like wind power.
Utilities can lay electric, gas, and fiber-optic lines in the same trench.
Utilities can look to the market for innovative ways to reduce pollution and lower compliance costs.
Utilities can manage substation equipment and security.
Utilities can monitor and control Internet-enabled systems over the Internet.
Utilities can no longer assume the water they treat is high-quality.
Utilities can perform calculations, gather responses or provide information lookup.
Utilities can reduce sulfur dioxide emissions by switching to coal with a lower sulfur content.
Utilities can stay ahead of increased demands only by becoming competitive.
Utilities can still capture the advantages of market clearing prices.
Utilities can use the money for anything they want, unless restricted by law.
Utilities can use the Web to communicate with a broad audience, and some data have proved useful.
Utilities charge generators a fee for the electricity carried.
Utilities Click on an individual listing above for more information.
Utilities contains various extra bits and pieces.
Utilities cover the barn, apart, and house.
Utilities curtail electricity delivery to customers who have agreed to interruptible service.
Utilities decide how to cut power, initiating rolling blackouts if needed.
Utilities deliver electricity.
Utilities describes enFuzion utility programs.
Utilities didn t fail.
Utilities do encourage conservation.
Utilities employ the pump to lift turbines for maintenance.
Utilities face a number of major challenges simultaneously.
Utilities fear being at the whim of the South Carolina Legislature, which ordered the closure.
Utilities file formal proposals for contracting strategies and tactics.
Utilities Find links to local utility companies and start up or cancel service online.
Utilities Find out utility costs.
Utilities Find out what utility costs are.
Utilities Follow the links below to learn more about the various utilities servicing Hancock County.
Utilities get energy.
Utilities Get free utilities, such as key fonts, conversion utilities, and more.
Utilities Go to the utilities menu.
Utilities has handy numbers and addresses to get a home hooked up.
Utilities have a continuing obligation to mitigate stranded costs.
Utilities have a special responsibility.
Utilities have a wide variety of information in an even wider variety of formats and platforms.
Utilities Have Cause to Thank Their Critics.
Utilities have facilities.
Utilities have similar mutual dependencies with natural gas pipelines.
Utilities have the options of direct disposal after interim storage, or of reprocessing.
Utilities have the right idea.
Utilities implement a local caching scheme and automated updating of the searchable index.
Utilities includes heat, water, electricity, telephones, sewer use.
Utilities includes the price of electric power, natural gas and telephone service.
Utilities includes things such as reviews, a virtual library, geometry , and topology address book.
Utilities including sanitary sewer and public water are available on all road frontage parcels.
Utilities install facilities.
Utilities is a collection of applications, tools and utilities.
Utilities is a good example.
Utilities is included in the basic package.
Utilities is user-friendly.
Utilities issues The following documentation concerns enhancement issues for GNUPro utilities.
Utilities know how to connect customers to the grid.
Utilities Learn more about everything from electric deregulation to heating oil costs.
Utilities list the rate for a kilowatt-hour on statements to customers.
Utilities locate according to color codes.
Utilities Locate the main electric fuse box, water service main and natural gas main.
Utilities Locate the main electric fuse box, water service main, and natural gas main.
Utilities located in the eastern portion of campus are an important issue.
Utilities Look for an insulated apt. or house.
Utilities Make arrangements with local utility companies .
Utilities make their money based on their investment in gas lines, meters and other equipment.
Utilities make their profit from distributing the natural gas to consumers.
Utilities manufacture electricity.
Utilities now have a solid protocol solution that provides proven inter-operability.
Utilities now space wires farther apart than an eagle's wingspan.
Utilities offer good opportunities for IT pros.
Utilities offer services to teach residents how to better conserve water in their homes.
Utilities operate a franchise that can be revoked.
Utilities oppose the idea.
Utilities ought to have copies available for visitors to nuclear plants.
Utilities owning nuclear power plants say they're running short of storage space.
Utilities pay the exchange, which in turn pays the power generators.
Utilities perform support functions such as backup or virus-protection.
Utilities plan to use their infrastructure to create high-capacity networks.
Utilities prepare for free market electricity.
Utilities present detailed information to the commission in a rate case.
Utilities promise the outlook is bright.
Utilities promote load shifting to reduce total peak demand.
Utilities provide assistance.
Utilities provide data and technical input to projects.
Utilities provide electric services.
Utilities provide electricity.
Utilities provide emergency assistance.
Utilities provide good, secure jobs for hundreds of thousands of workers.
Utilities provide services.
Utilities provide technical assistance to their audit customers.
Utilities provide the purest examples of such companies.
Utilities Provides brief profiles of industries.
Utilities provides phone numbers and links to local utility services.
Utilities Provides service in Anchorage.
Utilities Provides service to Anchorage.
Utilities range from entering property survey information to quantity takeoff and cost estimates.
Utilities receive a regulated rate of return on their investment.
Utilities rely on maps for operational purposes.
Utilities remain a question mark and the subject of much Internet speculation.
Utilities represent the subjective preferences of individuals.
Utilities require homeowners to insure their grid connected systems.
Utilities require inspections.
Utilities retain least-cost planning obligations under current regulation.
Utilities routinely buy and sell power among themselves.
Utilities routinely perform several thousand tests annually to insure safe drinking quality.
Utilities save up the water, letting it loose only during peak times.
Utilities say leaks do happen.
Utilities say they're broke, default on payments to generators.
Utilities sell their plants to other companies or affiliates and focus on being power distributors.
Utilities set their rates according to their level of investments.
Utilities spring up to transform one format into another.
Utilities stockpile large quantities of coal to supply energy needs through the winter.
Utilities strive to make their bills understandable.
Utilities Submit a tip or question.
Utilities submit engineered requests to our office for compliance with our accommodation policy.
Utilities supply our homes with electricity, gas, telephone service and cable television.
Utilities support competition and consumer choice.
Utilities switch from oil to coal and natural gas when oil becomes too expensive.
Utilities Take a long look.
Utilities tend to be very powerful at the state level and spend lavishly there.
Utilities then sends a crew out to remove the meter.
Utilities trade on earnings and dividends.
Utilities traditionally do well in bear markets.
Utilities typically affected include electricity, steam, air conditioning and water.
Utilities typically employ a number of rate schedules within a single sector.
Utilities typically remain private beyond any point serving a single property.
Utilities use consumption.
Utilities Use e-mail to keep in touch with family and friends.
Utilities use functions called system calls to request services from the kernel.
Utilities use gas consumption.
Utilities use pentachlorophenal to protect power and telephone poles from wood-eating insects.
Utilities use the facilities provided by the operating system.
Utilities use the media to notify consumers throughout the state.
Utilities walking a tightrope The threat of deregulation puts utilities in a real pickle.
Utility alone governs their design.
Utility also plays a role in incentives.
Utility appears to be associated with frequency of use.
Utility arborists website.
Utility Consider for a minute, a consumer conducting a search for a product.
Utility depends on individuals tastes and preferences.
Utility develops new apartments that have great efficiency capabilities.
Utility does override any moral rule.
Utility executes on the 'dropped' files.
Utility exists only in theory, or in the thoughts of the person.
Utility exists to transfer data into and out of the database.
Utility features including built-in acreage calculation.
Utility features with lower right side back pockets.
Utility Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Utility has nothing to do with it.
Utility helps Exc h ange shops track, audit e-mail use .
Utility increases as one moves closer to the origin.
Utility installs quickly and is fully customizable.
Utility involves more that just the price of the alternative.
Utility is a dull, businesslike word, a word to describe water and electricity services.
Utility is a good reason to buy a Cougar.
Utility is a measure of satisfaction.
Utility is a necessary part in the completeness of life.
Utility is a term economists use to describe the want-satisfying potential of a good or service.
Utility is a way to distinguish between multi-agent plans when several plans are likely.
Utility is an economic concept that describes consumer satisfaction.
Utility is an especially important concept.
Utility is another.
Utility is HTML web based to allow generic access.
Utility is incompatible with Christian doctrine of self-sacrifice.
Utility is more important than decoration.
Utility is now available.
Utility is only a recent mandate for space.
Utility is overriding factor.
Utility is provided to keep clients in sync with the latest release.
Utility is still the criterion for funding.
Utility is subjective.
Utility is the better word.
Utility is the economist's term for pleasure or satisfaction.
Utility is the typical type and that meant if otherwise unspecified.
Utility is the value put on what can be purchased with available income.
Utility is the want-satisfying power of a good or service.
Utility is the word.
Utility is the workhorse muse, but perhaps also the most elusive in the early life of the Web.
Utility isa company.
Utility lines underground and everything is well kept.
Utility makes a property useful to a majority of prospective buyers.
Utility means usefulness.
Utility now rebuilds all cumulative totals to assure accurate reports.
Utility offers more options than any other refrigerated trailer manufacturer.
Utility operating real property is taxed at a different rate than other real property.
Utility ought to be the principal intention of every publication'.
Utility processes the input file.
Utility programs Our products are sold and supported by value added dealers around the world.
Utility provides for both manual an automatic back-up of the database to disk.
Utility refers to a. a shift in the demand curve for a good b. a decline in the supply of a good c.
Utility refers to a. the usefulness of a good.
Utility refers to the low end of the scale.
Utility refers to verifiability and comprehensives.
Utility requires more memory than is configured.
Utility routines common to trn and nntplist.
Utility routines to generate various solid and wire frame objects.
Utility runs as standalone application.
Utility says every thing turned out ok so good job.
Utility simply means buying something of use to someone else.
Utility varies from person to person.
Utility vows to pursue legal challenges.
Utilities always seem to have a new issue pending.
Utility always determines price which in turn determines costs.
Utility always takes precedence over philosophy.
Utilities often are interested in retaining their large Federal customers.
Utilities often discourage remote connections because of high maintenance costs.
Utilities often have to retrofit dry fly ash handling systems costing millions of dollars.
Utilities often pressurize the conduit with a special gel to keep out water and oxygen.
Utilities often require a lockable disconnect switch on the service entrance from the wind machine.
Utilities often use high-tech tools to uncover illegal users.
All utilities appear to be working normally.
All utilities are accessible from withing the program itself.
All utilities are accessible, and air and truck transportation are available.
All utilities are accessible.
All utilities are adjacent to the properties.
All utilities are at the lot line.
All utilities are at the site.
All utilities are available and water and waste water tap fees are included in the selling price.
All utilities are available at or near the site.
All utilities are available at the site.
All utilities are available on or adjacent to the site.
All utilities are available on site from a few strategically placed stations throughout the plant.
All utilities are available on the site and the warehouse space has both heat and air conditioning.
All utilities are available to the property in quantities satisfactory for general business needs.
All utilities are available to the site.
All utilities are available, and access roads are in place.
All utilities are available, including natural gas.
All utilities are available.
All utilities are either already in place or are available, including rail service.
All utilities are electric.
All utilities are for the account of the tenant.
All utilities are free of charge.
All utilities are highly configurable and can work simultaneously.
All utilities are immediately available to the North Industrial Park.
All utilities are in and are underground.
All utilities are in and functional.
All utilities are in PC format.
All utilities are in place and fully operational.
All utilities are in place and underground, with curb and gutters.
All utilities are in place, water, sewer, electricity, cable and telephone.
All utilities are in place.
All utilities are nearby.
All utilities are on but Sarajevo is still effectively being starved of warmth, light and water.
All utilities are on site.
All utilities are on the site.
All utilities are on-site.
All utilities are paid, local telephone service is provided, and the apartments are cable-ready.
All utilities are part of the rent.
All utilities are sep.
All utilities are the responsibility of the tenant.
All utilities are the sole responsibilities of tenant.
All utilities are there.
All utilities are to the curb.
All utilities are under ground and the roads maintained.
All utilities are underground and out of sight so as to maintain a look of a simpler time.
All utilities are underground to improve appearance and minimize service interruptions .
All utilities are underground, including cable television wires.
All utilities are underground, including telephone service.
All utilities are underground.
All utilities are unsupported but many have been used successfully on campus.
All utilities can work together.
All utilities close by.
All utilities come with full source code.
All utilities even sewer are in the street.
All utilities furn.
All utilities generate electric power in three phases.
All utilities have customers and business relationships.
All utilities inc'd. except phone.
All utilities including basic cable is provided in each suite, except for telephone.
All utilities including water heater and baseboard heat are separate.
All utilities offer open access pipelines.
All utilities pass property taxes on to customers through their electric rates.
All utilities present.
All utilities revolve around the efficient and effective use of assets.
All utilities separate.
Every utility has a federally regulated service area - essentially a monopoly.
Every utility is accessible from within the program.
Many utilities also favor the four-pollutant approach.
Many utilities also have cloud-seeding programs to enhance rainfall, even if only slightly.
Many utilities also have Web sites.
Many utilities are available at no charge or in trial versions.
Many utilities are available.
Many utilities can store several days supply in underground storage tanks and in pipelines.
Many utilities conduct energy audits for free or for a nominal charge.
Many utilities contain useful functions and demonstrate useful C programming techniques.
Many utilities exhibit severe file system performance problems.
Many utilities exist for obtaining extremely accurate times via modems etc.
Many utilities have a thumper in their arsenal of primary cable fault locating equipment.
Many utilities have educational programs about energy and the environment for schools.
Many utilities have versions for different platforms.
Many utilities log by open-append, write, close, per incident.
Many utilities now have research programs for understanding Crypto detection data.
Many utilities offer green pricing programs.
Many utilities offer rebates on insulation materials.
Many utilities offer rebates to encourage consumers to buy higher-efficiency furnaces.
Many utilities offer special prices or rebates on energy-saving products.
Many utilities relocate the caps, add more or take off to avoid the resonance.
Many utilities rely on chlorine disinfection to meet primary disinfection requirements.
Many utilities require at least two working days' notice.
Many utilities send out news releases on regularly scheduled basis and it is a very effective tool.
Many utilities use cross-class subsidies.
Most utilities adopt a separate inverted block rate structure primarily for residential customers.
Most utilities are able to enter into long-term contracts for wholesale power at favorable rates.
Most utilities are already waist-deep in competitive strategies to conquer new and existing markets.
Most utilities are highly sensitive to high interest rates.
Most utilities deliver electricity.
Most utilities get energy.
Most utilities have a financing program with very low interest rates or rebates.
Most utilities have facilities.
Most utilities have such a charge.
Most utilities have to finance every project, which just adds to the overall cost.
Most utilities install facilities.
Most utilities lack expertise in providing consumer financing, thus making it more costly.
Most utilities offer payment plans, which help to even out the amount of each month's energy bill.
Most utilities own units to compete against other marketers operating in an open access state.
Most utilities provide assistance.
Most utilities provide electric services.
Most utilities provide electricity.
Most utilities provide emergency assistance.
Most utilities provide services.
Most utilities require deposits.
Most utilities require inspections.
Most utilities use consumption.
Most utilities use gas consumption.
Most utilities welcome tours of their water treatment plants.
Some utilities allow more time.
Some utilities also have web pages with rates and tariffs information.
Some utilities are also interested in supporting truck stop electrification.
Some utilities branch out into new services such as home security and entertainment.
Some utilities can automatically add definitions as they become available.
Some utilities charge they are too tough and expensive.
Some utilities delete it as an obsolete or junk file.
Some utilities even provide grants or rebates to encourage homeowners to go geothermal.
Some utilities face increase pressure.
Some utilities face pressure.
Some utilities have duties.
Some utilities have industrial or commercial customers on interruptible service.
Some utilities maintain cities.
Some utilities offer customers incentives to install solar systems.
Some utilities offer rebates on their purchase.
Some utilities offer rebates to consumers who purchase energy-efficient appliances.
Some utilities offer rebates.
Some utilities offer special rates for schools.
Some utilities pay customers.
Some utilities pay far more.
Some utilities place temporary and init files here.
Some utilities provide agreement.
Some utilities provide electronic mail notice.
Some utilities provide impact study agreement.
Some utilities provide information.
Some utilities provide notice.
Some utilities provide rules.
Some utilities request approval.
Some utilities require rules.
Some utilities share a single plan for marketing, installation, evaluation, and advertising.
Some utilities use a binary conversion to calculate capacity.
Some utilities use a fuel adjustment factor averaged over a twelve-month period.
Some utilities use basic and others use extended.
Utilizable protein is highest for wheat and rice.
Utilization management focuses on efficient use of mental health resources.
Utilization management highlights the quality and cost debate in health care.
Utilization management incorporates clinical pathways and outcomes measurement.
Utilization management is a process designed to evaluate the appropriateness of medical care.
Utilization management is key to constraining health care costs.
Utilization management needs physician involvement.
All utilization management is conducted by telephone with access to our toll free number.
Utilization rate is equal to actual crude oil processed divided by refinery capacity.
Utilization rates are often only twenty to thirty percent of capacity.
Utilization review exists but with a light touch.
Utilization review is one common monitoring strategy.
Utilization review refers to the plan's review of requests for care.
Utilization review serves to screen against medical tests and treatments that are unnecessary.
Utilization Describe the common uses of multiprogramming on microcomputers and mainframes.
Utilization includes making available to the public by any means.
Utilization is already quite heavy.
Utilization is also a factor.
Utilization is an activity
Utilization is another matter.
Utilization is appropriate for numerous employment settings.
Utilization is at local, regional, national, and international levels.
Utilization is better than rot and waste.
Utilization is defined as the percentage of available classrooms in use in any time period.
Utilization is different for each service in a benefit package.
Utilization is even lower on buses leaving the University District.
Utilization is everything.
Utilization is less than pre-tx.
Utilization is made of in-house prepared manuals, models and demonstrations.
Utilization is made of in-house prepared materials, films, models, and demonstrations.
Utilization is no greater.
Utilization is states.
Utilization is that which gives value to material.
Utilization is the act of using processes and resources for learning.
Utilization is verified.
Utilization Lengths of stay in nursing homes vary widely and can be measured in different ways.
Utilization measures percent of time the facility is used in specified periods of time.
Utilization Reading Ukrainian text is now a simple matter in properly configured applications.
Utilization starts with accessibility.
Utilize bacteria play roles.
Utilized flakes are tools with less prominent use-wear scars.
UTMB police are now in charge of the situation.
Utmost attention is paid to the visual and tactile qualities of all they produce.
Utmost care has to be exercised to keep the rows straight and balanced.
Utmost care is necessary to avoid differences.
Utmost care is taken in classifying the tenders.
Utmost care is taken in the drying, and storing process of our herbs.
Utmost care is taken to keep the lab and the lab equipments clean.
Utmost care is taken to maintain good hygenic condition at the production center.
Utmost care is taken to maintain the privacy of customers.
Utmost care is taken to maintain the privacy of our visitors.
Utmost care is taken to select raw material.
Utmost caution is well advised.
Utmost confidentiality is maintained.
Utmost discretion is assured.
Utmost discretion is used in the choice of taped backgrounds and music styles.
Utmost productivity implies no restrictions and thus no security.
Utmost regard is the phrase used.
Utmost respect is paid to the privacy of all participants.
Utmost satisfaction is guaranteed.
Utmost security requires no connection and thus no productivity.
Utmost sincerity is more fearful than poison.
All utopian chronicles are optimistic visions of the society of the future.
Utopian communities are implausible in fiction, and generally fail in real life, for two reasons.
Utopian dreams become post- evolutionary imperatives.
Utopian education is entrusted to priests to prevent such vices.
Utopian literature is accessible, exciting and even inspirational.
Utopian philosophy can be the goal that unites the world for good and noble actions.
Utopian schemes double back on their founders.
Utopian socialism is dead.
Utopian socialism is socialism
Utopians are impractical idealists or dreamers removed from reality.
Utopians are reformers.
Utopians have a very strict control on society.
Utopians measure their months by the lunar cycle, and their years by the solar cycle.
Utopians undo dystopean stereos by passing urea for long periods during the workday.
Utrecht biologists have a large reputation in research, education, and social service.
Utrecht culture is especially strong in music.
Uts comes with no warranty, implied or otherwise.
UTS views itself as a hybrid of the traditional public or independent school.
UTSA students are eligible for medical services by presenting their student identification card.
Utter chaos reigns as almost every car slides off the circuit.
Utter collapse is neither pretty to witness nor pleasant to experience.
Utter confusion reigns.
Utter despair drives increasing numbers of even grade school children to commit suicide.
Utter destruction is only a click away.
Utter insanity is the answer.
Utter pandemonium breaks loose.
Utter ruin lies just ahead.
Utter silence reigns, but the soldiers still hear footsteps, twigs breaking, and ominous rustling.
Utter stupidity is quite another.
Utter weakness can never attain nor apprehend absolute power.
An utterance is communication
Utterance is defined as expressing vocally or the power of speaking.
Utterance is what swings from the belly of a cow.
Utterances also mean something within a context.
Utterances are constructerd so as to make way for exclamations and question tags.
Utterances are long and connected.
Utterances are short and connected.
Utterances are speech acts.
Utterances are stereotypic and repetitive.
Utterances are therefore never neutral.
Utterances can be a single word, a few words, a sentence, or even multiple sentences.
Utterances have sound.
Utterances frequently form brief phrases and fragments rather than full sentences.
Every utterance assumes the existence of some truth and is judged according to it.
Every utterance is a virtuosic performance.
Every utterance is surrounded by a cloud of conversational implicatures.
Many utterances are difficult to understand without knowledge of the context of the conversation.
Most utterances are telegraphic and work endings are often omitted, confused or distorted.
Some utterances clearly belong together and consitute sections, rounds or cycles.
Uuencoded files can be very large.
Uuencoded versions are also available, in the same directory.
UVa patrons can also access the electronic versions of the newspapers featured below.
Uveal melanoma has a high mortality rate and responds poorly to existing chemotherapy.
Uveal melanoma is a relatively rare condition.
Uveal melanoma is the second most common melanoma observed in humans.
Uveal melanomas contain antigenically specific and non-specific infiltrating lymphocytes.
Uveal melanomas represent the most common primary intraocular tumor.
Most uveal melanomas occur in the choroid.
UVic students are award winners.
UVic students can take advantage of free career counselling sessions with qualified professionals.
UVic students enjoy a tight-knit community environment enhanced by residence activities.
Uvular stops are also common in many languages.
Uwa people protest oil drilling in ancestral lands.
UWEB researchers hope to begin animal trials of the first materials in about three years.
Uwharrie soils have mixed mineralogy.
UWired consultants refer professors to the Catalyst guides often during training sessions.
Uzbekistan isa thing.
Uzbekistani soldiers practice hand to hand maneuvers.
Uzbekistanian soldiers get a closer look at mines and explosives as part of situational training.
V - visualize it.
V b are the molar volumes.
V b is the power supply voltage.
V ball is a great cross training sport.
V c be the pullback of u c and v c .
V d represents the height of the diode barrier when no voltage is applied.
V diagrams outline the steps in each research project.
V f is described by and equ.
V f is the volume percent occupied by the fibers.
V fib is ineffective, disorganized ventricular beating that is incompatible with life.
V m is the flow of medium over the gills.
V m is the molar volume of the liquid.
V neck reduces rubbing of mane hair.
Most V necks start at the same point as the armhole, occasionally slightly below.
V o is the vertex of the paraboloid.
V p is highly variable.
V p is the velocity and f is the potential.
V p varies between different sediment types and rocks.
V r corresponds to a read statement, where V is a variable.
V tech is the company on the watch list.
V U gHn o .
V V is for virgin.
V waves are easy to recognize.
V X is still an important variable.
A v is a letter
V ac rms for two secondary windings.
V accinate to prevent diseases, keeping in mind that . . . .
V acts like an imaginary phase factor that rotates the spatial component.
V adjusts the vertical position of the picture.
V alidate and support client choices through referrals to appropriate community resources.
V allows variable block sizes to be written and requires a special tape device.
V also tests backgrounds and applies wallpapers.
V alue the diversity of the community and seek to create an organization which is reflective of it.
V alue the lives of others.
V alue the participation and contributions of the community.
V alue the provider.
V alue the significance and reflect.
V alues Our achievements are the result of the combined efforts of each individual.
V alues The primary emphasis of the program is to provide effective services to students.
V ancouver is a gardener's paradise.
V ancouver is a seaport city, set by the Pacific Ocean, and bordered by mountainous terrain.
V andalia Offers the ideal combination of rural charm with an abundance of cosmopolitan amenities.
V are also programmable.
V are more or less pronounced as in English.
V are orthogonal w.r.t.
V are req.
V are the force and velocity at the output mechanical port.
V are zero on the boundary surface.
V avg is a vector with magnitude and direction.
V avg is a vector.
V bunks forward.
V can cover any suject except for geo-thermal energy.
V can never be negative.
V can result in damage to the sampling head or instrument.
V Can satisfy basic survival needs and some limited social demands.
V carries forward to help rail to rail steering.
V checks out.
V clanku najdete take aktualni ceny za volani z predplacenych karet.
V clanku naleznete take soutez o tri tricka.
V clasp unprecedented glamour.
V constitutes the second ectodomain and the fourth transmembrane domain of the alpha subunit.
V declares a voltage source.
V demonstrates that interests, other than land, can be acquired from a ground lessor.
V demu musite vycistit divadlo.
V denotes a service that welcomes volunteer assistance.
V denotes the volume of the gas.
V deo se necess rio.
V deos aut nticos en la clase de espa ol.
V depends on the particular machine and on the speed of rotation.
V deperditis or.
V designates the V intages system.
V dies, under mysterious circumstances.
V drive voltages for colour displays, for example.
V enables the custom volume curve displaying a yellow line to represent the track's volume.
V ending machines increase a product s points of distribution, creating more sales opportunities.
V ending machines offer a tremendous opportunity for branding because they re like mini-billboards.
V enus shines brightly in the sky.
V equals that vector.
V erify and double-check all financial aid deadlines.
V ersatile high quality equipment is available down to the lowest temperatures.
V etky pr va vyhraden .
V forces the use of the standard BIOS function for VGA palette updates.
V formed by thumb and forefingers is at left edge of top bevel.
V goes up while U goes around in the direction shown by the arrows.
V has smaller variance for other values of a .
V ictim, people pleasers, self doubt, shame, lack of power.
V identifies the warrant is void and destroyed.
V iewing graphics and artwork from virtual cards requires a lot of memory.
V iewing satellites can be a lot of fun.
V iews Monterey photo archives with a map to the archives.
V iews Monterey photo archives with a map to the Monterey archives.
V illosum toto praesefert corpore caprum.
V Increase the diversity of faculty and staff.
V indicates that the carriage has two axles.
V indicates the number of vehicles that are using the roadway at any particular period.
V indicates variable rate.
V indicates video reflector.
V is a boolean value.
V is a business administration major and has always dreamt working as a project manager.
V is a classad value.
V is a closed special morphism.
V is a copper plated truncated cone bullet which handles well in many guns.
V is a Delaware limited liability company.
V is a finite non-empty set of distinct finite sets which is closed under union.
V is a list value.
V is a matrix whose columns are the eigenvectors.
V is a non profit making association managed by a committee elected by members of the association.
V is a primitive data item.
V is a real general orthogonal matrix of order n .
V is a relative time value.
V is a stable morphism and V is a valuation object.
V is a stable morphism.
V is a string or numeric expression.
V is a string value.
V is a submodule of V .
V is a title index.
V is a two-headed unconventional myosin with motor activity.
V is a valuation in the model-theoretic sense.
V is a value or string or variable to be displayed.
V is a vector from a point on the surface towards the viewer.
V is a virtue if and only if V is wisdom about good and evil.
V is about to be completed.
V is also an excellent tool for developing many custom applications.
V is always the first character, the other two characters are numeric.
V is an absolute time value.
V is an easy to use file manager with support for ZIP files.
V is an Indian tribe or community that lacks a safe water supply and a sewage disposal system.
V is an Iowa limited partnership engaged in the business of pork production.
V is an isomorphism of subobjects.
V is an isomorphism.
V is an n-dimensional vector space.
V is an N-element vector containing the offsets of the desired translation in each dimension.
V is any positive integer.
V is apparent magnitude.
V is as effective as three times a day dosing in the treatment of strep throat.
V is asleep.
V is available also.
V is basic feasible.
V is closed in E .
V is closed under the differentiation operator.
V is eV, where V is the anode potential and e is the charge on the electron.
V is fast and compact - and great for viewing really large files.
V is finite dimensional.
V is five.
V is for . . .
V is for the Jordan Valley .
V is for the victorious current.
V is for Values .
V is for Vampire.
V is for Vat.
V is for Vegetarianism . . .
V is for Venus.
V is for vertebrate.
V is for vertigo.
V is for very busy, very noisy, very good.
V is for Victims of code gone wrong.
V Is For Victory .
V is for victory, baby.
V Is for Victory.
V is for viewpoint.
V is for Vikings.
V is for villains.
V is for violence.
V is for violin.
V is for virgin.
V is for Virginia City, Montana.
V is for vocals .
V is for Voluptuous.
V is for vomiting, another authentic travel experience along the same line as fleas and flies.
V is for vortices.
V is in five parts, and vols.
V is in the direction of the galactic rotation.
V is indicative of a bearish trend.
V is isometric.
V is less than the wind speed far ahead of the windmill.
V is locally direct.
V is magnitude of light going through slit.
V is more like English 'w'.
V is more of a proxy for body mass, and, therefore, nutritional status.
V is perhaps the most innane collection of collected detrius yet.
V is placed on standby status.
V is positive definite and invertible.
V is positive if q is positive and negative if q is negative.
V is present.
V is probably the first system where the concepts of process groups and multicasting came about.
V is readily available.
V is semidet.
V is simply a good match to the other parts of the series.
V is spring and H is autumn terms.
V is the anticipated speed of the car at the time it reaches the hilltop.
V is the battery voltage, so if R can be determined, the current can be calculated.
V is the circular rotation velocity.
V is the corresponding potential for the peak current density.
V is the error value.
V is the experience of a lifetime.
V is the flow velocity or relative velocity of the medium with respect to the object.
V is the free volume in cubic inches.
V is the latest in the popular series of helps for choirs.
V is the managing member of U .
V is the maximum velocity of the reaction, shown at high substrate concentration.
V is the membrane potential and E e is the reversal potential for that pathway.
V is the number of distinct encodings for each baud.
V is the prime vector of our isotropic vector matrix.
V is the return on the firm s asset.
V is the shizzle.
V is the two-dimensional volume.
V is the undefined value.
V is the upper half of the unit ball .
V is the vegetative cover factor.
V is the velocity and d is the distance.
V is the velocity of money.
V is the velocity of the blood cells.
V is the velocity of the liquid or gas.
V is the velocity of the racer with respect to the air.
V is the vertical viewing angle between the top and bottom of the tank.
V is the viewer allowing user to view any size text file and search for words in the text file.
V is the Vigour with which they are moving.
V is the visitor, and G is the guide.
V is the voltage across the capacitor.
V is the voltage across the resistor.
V is the voltage read from the pressure transducer.
V is the volume of air in the room, and A tot the total sound absorption of the room's surfaces.
V is the volume of liquid in the tank.
V is the volume of the pond in cubic meters.
V is the volume of the tagged blood.
V is two's complement overflow.
V is vicuna with wool soft and curly.
V isit American businesses, schools, and community organizations.
V isit kosovar.net and help refugees find their families.
V isit one of our performances.
V isit one of the richest vertebrate fossil sites east of the Mississippi.
V isit other sites with Infinight design.
V isit our awards pages about mfw misc.fitness.weights .
V isiting cemeteries is an integral part of documenting family history.
V isiting teachers offer tuition for strings, woodwind, brass, guitar, piano and drum kit.
V isiting team players buckle up in the van on the way to a victory.
V isiting yachts are welcome at all times with no city fee.
V isualize happy endings.
V isualize unity within our school community.
V just replace it with our product and the machine is ready to use.
V labels the velum and A labels the adenoids.
V marks the location of the first reported tornado.
V marks the valley station for the cable-car.
V n Let R be the axial resistance between nodes.
V needs shower of love-change, difficult time recieving love, fearful, depression.
V Now attempt a wider conclusion.
V okove jeklene smo ujeti.
V olver a la p gina principal.
V orontsov Palace.
V para devolverla verticalmente .
V pay expenses of.
V perform comparably well.
V Plan ahead for family gatherings.
V podstate je to navod a prakticke ukazky na jednotlivych plemenach.
V preserves the same order as U and so represents the same preferences.
V prints a version message and exits.
V provides extensive printing support - the dialog box below shows the available options.
V provides information on how to adjust each state's figures to make accurate national comparisons.
V puts the cursor on the lower envelope.
V receives much of the credit for building the castle into a formidable and palacial structure.
V refers to the vertical slice sandwiched between the left and right sides.
V represents the planet Venus.
V represents the velocity of the wave and represents the resonant length.
V responds in the negative.
V rifiez que votre site n'est pas encore list .
V rios c modos e estacionamento para v rios carros.
V rises from a field outside Grand Rapids.
V rldskapitalismens ackumulationscykler.
V roba a predaj bieliacich hliniek a pigmentov do papiera.
V robce a prodejce v po etn techniky.
V robce zem d lsk techniky.
V run on the on one of the worlds greatest rivers.
V sby tel.
V sh from four different sources.
V shows the right-angled English form with single or table roller.
V specialise in the design, construction, and installation of exhibition stands and displays.
V specifies a verbose directory listing.
V stands for two successive surface vowels.
V stands for versatility of changing roles as needed to reach each child.
V stands for very, very short .
V stands for Violence.
V stands for visual, B for blue and U for ultraviolet.
V stands for voltage.
V start Visual mode linewise.
V ster s.
V sterg tlands vapen.
V supports both modal and modeless dialogs with a complete set of controls.
V supports the tags marginheight and marginwidth for frames.
V testifies to the assault.
V then click on login.
V then look for something else making it lean.
V valve Any of the two shells of bivalves and lamp shells.
V veil The boundary between two overlapping worlds.
V verb a word that expresses an act, occurrence, or mode of being.
V view A logical table that consists of data that is generated by a query.
V view any attachments sent with the message.
V wake with small object at head.
V yase a dormir la juma a su casa.
V znam a komunikaces.
Vs are letters.
Vs are part of alphabets.
More V is great, more the color is close to white.
More v's generate more detailed debugging output.
Most V call numbers are for videos.
Vac test object current max.
A vac is vacation
Vac is probably the largest vacuum cleaner retailer in Yorkshire.
VAC looks at the world a little differently.
VAC reserves the right to refuse to display any entry.
Vac turns the useful but messy sandblasting into a clean process.
Vacs are vacation.
A vacancy is emptiness
Vacancies also allow for impurity atoms to exist in a lattice, which can change material properties.
Vacancies are at an all-time low.
Vacancies are at it's global headquarters at York, England.
Vacancies are available for officer cadets.
Vacancies are available in the district based on enrollment and budget.
Vacancies are available to both view and apply for on the web.
Vacancies are currently available.
Vacancies are defects arising when a lattice site is mising an atom.
Vacancies are emptiness.
Vacancies are few and entry standards very high.
Vacancies are few and far between, with many applicants applying for each opening.
Vacancies are hourly and Part time.
Vacancies are infrequent.
Vacancies are nationwide with a few overseas positions.
Vacancies are open in all board classes.
Vacancies are open to all qualified applicants.
Vacancies are point defects in crystalline materials.
Vacancies are presently in Bangalore. .
Vacancies are rare at most programs, so opportunities to break in are few and far between.
Vacancies are rare.
Vacancies are searchable using specific keywords to locate a particular ad.
Vacancies are situations.
Vacancies are still available.
Vacancies are still very low.
Vacancies are subject to change daily.
Vacancies are to be filled for the unexpired term in the same manner as original appointments.
Vacancies are usually available here except for busy holiday weekends.
Vacancies arise either from resignations or after completion of a term of service.
Vacancies arise for parent members every two years.
Vacancies arise from time to time across our business.
Vacancies Below are our current vacancies.
Vacancies can mean the underutilization of plant and equipment.
Vacancies can occur throughout the season, as well.
Vacancies can occur throughout Wisconsin or only in certain locations.
Vacancies can often be responsible for creep and other failure mechanisms at higher temperatures.
Vacancies come available as families complete their three years or exit for other reasons.
Vacancies come up periodically due to resignations, etc.
Vacancies cost the rental industry hundreds of millions of dollars in lost rents each year.
Vacancies cost the rental industry millions of dollars in lost revenue each year.
Vacancies coupled with poor performers can cripple the team.
Vacancies created by cancellations are difficult to fill even when there are wait-lists.
Vacancies currently exist in Pennsylvania, Connecticut, New Jersey and Idaho.
Vacancies currently exist.
Vacancies do occasionally occur, and are filled by candidates on an indefinite waiting list .
Vacancies entail joining a specific research group on a specialist topic.
Vacancies exist for a consumer and a regulatory seat.
Vacancies exist for a number of IT, automation, accounting and procurement positions.
Vacancies exist for a small team with experience of automated surface-mount assembly and inspection.
Vacancies exist for all voices .
Vacancies exist for new graduates and more experienced staff.
Vacancies exist for staff with all levels of experience.
Vacancies exist for two teaching staff and for two general staff.
Vacancies exist in a number of locations.
Vacancies exist in both groups, with full and half day programmes available.
Vacancies exist in the UK, Scandinavia, Germany and France.
Vacancies exist to undertake research on ocean climate and variability in the New Zealand region.
Vacancies Find positions that are vacant or currently being filled by acting personnel.
Vacancies grow longer.
Vacancies have to exist before new teachers are hired.
Vacancies listed in the job bank are available to all who have internet access.
Vacancies Lists our most current openings.
Vacancies Note that the job vacancies series are referenced to the middle month of a quarter.
Vacancies now exist for new graduates and more experienced staff.
Vacancies occasionally occur as grants are announced.
Vacancies occasionally occur during the legislative session.
Vacancies occur and are filled throughout the year.
Vacancies occur as a result of superannuations, resignations and death, among other reasons.
Vacancies occur as current Fellows complete their assignments.
Vacancies occur frequently, often on a part-time basis.
Vacancies occur from time to time in all parts.
Vacancies occur from time to time in several of the titles.
Vacancies occur in two ways.
Vacancies occur often.
Vacancies occur periodically on committees, commissions and boards.
Vacancies occur the year-round.
Vacancies occur throughout the year, and applications are accepted at any time.
Vacancies occur throughout the year.
Vacancies occur weekly at all levels from part time voluntary work experience to senior positions.
Vacancies occur when cadets graduate or leave prior to graduation.
Vacancies presently exist for teacher, instructional assistant, and interpreter positions.
Vacancies remain low and rents have increased despite accelerated construction activity.
Vacancies remain unfilled and so demand for staff remains high.
Vacancies remain unfilled on several committees, however.
Vacancies still remain on the following committees.
Vacancies translate into lost money.
Vacancies vary across the country, eg posts in London are easier to obtain.
Vacancies vary with the state of the economy and the type of equipment to be installed.
Vacancy increases needlessly inflate rents and give owners incentives to displace existing tenants.
Vacancy is open continuous.
Vacancy is open until filled.
Vacancy is sublease s pace.
Vacancy is well below five percent.
Vacancy always poses a potential threat to the future of a building.
Vacancies usually have to be entered by people at the Website.
Vacancies usually occur at other year levels and parent enquiries are always welcome.
All vacancies are current and are automatically updated.
All vacancies are for a term of two years.
All vacancies are full-time beginning teacher positions.
All vacancies are immediate unless otherwise noted.
All vacancies are open to both men and women except where stated otherwise.
All vacancies are to be filled as temporary.
All vacancies are to be filled within two weeks of the opening of the vacancy.
All vacancies can be self-posted and maintained.
All vacancies filled by appointment are interim until the next regularly scheduled spring election.
All Vacancies have been filled, please check back later.
All vacancies listed below are open until filled.
All vacancy lists for parking spaces, if utilized, and all waiting lists for such spaces.
Any vacancies appear on our jobs page.
Any vacancy is filled by majority vote of the remaining though less than a quorum.
Many vacancies are in hardship posts overseas.
Many vacancies are initially on fixed term contracts rather than permanent employment.
Many vacancies require additional specialist knowledge.
Many vacancies require typing skills.
Many vacancies result in a large number of applicants.
Most vacancies are for immediate employment.
Most vacancies are in entry level positions.
Most vacancies are open to anyone, irrespective of degree discipline.
Most vacancies are open to outside candidates at the entry level.
Most vacancies last more than one year.
Most vacancies occur and are filled at the beginning and very end of each semester.
Most vacancies occur at the end of the year, but vacancies can occur throughout the year.
Most vacancies occur in roommate situations.
Most vacancies open up in the spring and are unanticipated.
Most vacancies require weekend work.
Some vacancies appear in trade magazines, local or national press, but some are never advertised.
Some vacancies are available online.
Some vacancies occur during the academic year, but they are limited.
Some vacancies only appear in our newsletter.
Some vacancies remain.
Some vacancies require specialist knowledge from a relevant degree.
Vacant buildings are a problem.
Vacant buildings are scarce, but leasable land is available.
Vacant buildings are ugly.
Vacant buildings attract criminals.
Vacant buildings dot the streets.
Vacant buildings sit next to vacant lots.
Vacant burrows serve as homes for cottontail rabbits and several species of small rodents.
Vacant cabs have a light and sign on the roof.
Vacant dwellings cost about twice as much as occupied dwellings to make fit.
Vacant fields show up real easy on aerial or satellite photos.
Vacant homes are a prime target for crooks.
Vacant houses are like job vacancies.
Vacant houses pose potential problems for any seller.
Vacant houses stand next to empty lots where houses stood.
Vacant housing indicates run-down areas with low property values.
Vacant land comes with baggage.
Vacant land exists.
Vacant land is also available for buyers wanting to build homes.
Vacant land is also eligible.
Vacant land is also suitable.
Vacant land is at a minimum, causing property values to moderately appreciate.
Vacant land is available for both commercial and industrial development in the area.
Vacant land is less expensive to build on .
Vacant land is valued based upon comparable sales.
Vacant land lies beyond the railroad tracks.
A vacant lot is a lot
Vacant lots abound in and around Cleveland.
Vacant lots abound.
Vacant lots are also available for custom building.
Vacant lots are also available.
Vacant lots are availabe for buidling.
Vacant lots are lots.
Vacant lots are real property, so no attribution statement is required on signs on vacant lots.
Vacant lots avail.
Many vacant lots are available in Minneapolis.
Some vacant lots are still available.
Many vacant parcels have either no address or just a street name as their location address.
Vacant positions are always the first place where cuts occur .
Vacant positions are part of the current spending rate.
Vacant positions continue to place additional burdens on other professionals.
Vacant positions have to be applied for.
Vacant properties have high carrying cost to the seller.
Vacant residences are costly to maintain and are susceptible to vandalism and illegal occupation.
Vacant sites are larger and filled sites are smaller.
Vacant space is rare in downtown buildings.
Vacant space looks dead.
Vacant space provides no income.
Vacant spaces are vulnerable to assignment at all times.
Vacant storefronts have new tenants.
Vacant taxis have indicator lamps on, in front of assistant driver seat and on the roof.
Vacated seats are to be filled by special election within two school weeks.
Vacation days accrue monthly and can be used at any time.
Vacation days are generally pro-rated during the first year.
Vacation days can accrue with hours worked.
Vacation days count as well as business days.
Every vacation destination has a story.
Many vacation destinations provide shuttle services.
A vacation home is a home
Vacation homes are a great way to alleviate stress.
Vacation homes are a promising niche for realtors.
Vacation homes are a rapidly growing segment of comfy suites and cozy cabins at Silver Star.
Vacation homes are an excellent product to add to any travel related or outdoor activity site.
Vacation homes are big sellers, as are riverfront lots and tracts.
Vacation homes are built on the shores of lakes where bald eagles nest.
Vacation homes are dwellings.
Vacation homes are either lakefront, lakeview or a short walking distance to the lake.
Vacation homes make fabulous accommodations for bikers.
Vacation homes make it fun and easy.
Vacation homes offer full kitchens, fireplaces and views.
Vacation homes surround the lake and condos are tucked away in the woods.
Many vacation homes pay for themselves.
Some vacation homes permit smoking and pets, prior approval is required .
Vacation house watches.
Vacation ownership can also be insurance against inflation.
Vacation ownership is a concept that has truly arrived.
Vacation ownership is a great way to secure an excellent standard of annual holiday accommodation.
Vacation ownership is a term that describes a method of use and ownership.
Vacation ownership represents a major purchasing decision for the consumer.
Vacation pay is additional wages, earned weekly, where only the time of payment is deferred.
Vacation pay is also payable on wages earned.
Vacation pay is an earned benefit, one that is accrued with time of service.
Vacation pay is based on the employee's regularly scheduled workweek.
Vacation pay is calculated as a percentage of gross wages earned.
Vacation pay is considered regular wages for taxation purposes.
Vacation pay is due to be paid on an employee's anniversary date.
Vacation pay is included with regular pay for vacations of partial weeks.
Vacation pay is listed for informational purposes only.
Vacation pay is payable only at the time vacation is taken or upon termination.
Vacation pay is the amount employers pay their employees while the employees are on vacation.
Vacation pay is treated as wages.
Any vacation pay earned by company policy is due at the same time.
Vacation property is purchased as a luxury and demand normally follows market trends.
Vacation rental are even better bargains in the off-season.
Vacation rental includes barns, corral, stream and private catch and release pond.
Vacation rental includes six bedrooms, five baths and kitchen use.
Vacation rentals appear to be most common.
Vacation rentals are available.
Vacation rentals are even better bargains in the off-season.
Vacation rentals are ideal for skiers who want homelike accommodations after a day on the slopes.
Vacation rentals are in full swing during the peak summer months.
Vacation rentals are private homes and reflect the taste of the individual owners.
Vacation rentals can be anything from posh lakefront homes to condos with a view to modest cabins.
Vacation Rentals Find accommodations and rent directly from the owner.
Vacation Rentals Find the perfect country inn.
Vacation rentals offer a convenient alternative to other, more conventional lodging arrangements.
Vacation rentals offer luxury amenities at hotel rates.
Vacation rentals offer more privacy, more comfort, and more freedom than hotel rooms.
A vacation spot is an area
Every vacation spot has one resort that stands above the rest.
Many vacation spots are open during the off-season, the bonuses are numerous.
Vacation time accrues during time worked and during absences covered by sick time and vacation.
Vacation time accrues during time worked and during paid absences covered by sick time and vacation.
Vacation time accrues on the first of each month.
Vacation time arrives at the end of the month.
Vacation time comes to mind also.
Vacation time earned is based upon years of service with the City of Savannah.
Vacation time increases as years of service increase.
Vacation time increases with length of time employed.
Vacation time increases with years of employment.
Vacation time increases with years of service.
Vacation time is a popular bartering tool, too.
Vacation time is a time to rest and renew our strength.
Vacation time is accrued as long as the employee is in pay status.
Vacation time is accrued based on number of standard hours.
Vacation time is accrued during other periods of paid leave.
Vacation time is accrued during the provisional period.
Vacation time is accrued each two-week pay period based on an employee's number of years of service.
Vacation time is accrued from the employee s adjusted date of hire.
Vacation time is accrued from the first day of employment.
Vacation time is accrued on a monthly basis from the date of hire.
Vacation time is an earned benefit in lieu of wages.
Vacation time is based on employment status, job grade and length of service.
Vacation time is based on the number of years and the employee's position with the firm.
Vacation time is based on years of service.
Vacation time is blocked out for an entire month or two two-week blocks.
Vacation time is built into the schedule.
Vacation time is computed on the basis of our vacation benefit year.
Vacation time is considered as time worked. . . .
Vacation time is credited to employees at the end of each full month they work.
Vacation time is earned at the following rate for full-time employees.
Vacation time is flexible.
Vacation time is generous.
Vacation time is important to be taken for building family relationships and avoiding job burnout.
Vacation time is negotiable, too.
Vacation time is offered.
Vacation time is over and it is time to get back to reality.
Vacation time is over, school is in session and there is a lot to do.
Vacation time is over.
Vacation time is problematic.
Vacation time is scheduled to be taken equally from clinical pathology and other rotations.
Vacation time is seen as down time with most and work is usually the furthest thing from thought.
Vacation time is so valuable it's a shame to risk it in an unknown place with uncertain activities.
Vacation time is split between the family getaway at Star Lake, MN, and a week in Cancun, Mexico.
Vacation time is structured to reward associates as their length of service grows.
Vacation time is subject to the accrual schedule stated in our policy.
Vacation time is taken during the outpatient rotations.
Vacation time is the main difference between the tracks.
Vacation time is to be taken from paid leave time.
Vacation time is used up.
Vacation time is valuable.
Vacation time means extra precautions.
Vacation times are subject to scheduling demands.
Vacation trips are longer, staying in bunkhouses or camping.
Vacation trips are something else though.
Vacation accrued in one year is to be used in the next year.
Vacation accrues during any period of service in pay status.
Vacation accrues for all hours in pay status.
Vacation accrues monthly and is based on years of service.
Vacation accrues up to a maximum of twice the annual amount.
Vacation allows for quantity time, which is even better than quality time.
Vacation begins accruing at the start of the appointment.
Vacation begins after last examination.
Vacation begins at noon.
Vacation begins at the airport.
Vacation begins at the end of the day.
Vacation begins to accrue after three months of service retroactive to the date of employment.
Vacation Begins to accrue at the rate listed below on the first day of employment.
Vacation breaks All halls remain open during academic year break periods.
Vacation cabins line the lakefront.
Vacation can be a refreshing time.
Vacation carry over is limited to one week.
Vacation ceases to accrue when the maximum accrual has been reached.
Vacation continues to accrue.
Vacation ends in Toronto.
Vacation fantasizing is a lot like a mid-life crisis.
Vacation Funshops for Students.
Vacation Get A Way.
Vacation gives people a brief respite and refreshes.
Vacation includes cabin, boat and motor for one week.
Vacation includes round trip air from Salt Lake City.
Vacation is a benefit.
Vacation is a freeware utility.
Vacation is a great time to have fun.
Vacation is a laugh riot from start to finish.
Vacation is a matter of internal policy.
Vacation is a perk.
Vacation is a wonderful time to relax and have fun.
Vacation is accrued and limited.
Vacation is accrued at the rate of one day per month worked.
Vacation is accrued based on length of service.
Vacation is accrued each pay period.
Vacation is accrued for a total of eleven months at the rate of one day per half month of service.
Vacation is accrued monthly and begins at ten days a year.
Vacation is always an exciting time, with all the planning and prospects of seeing new places.
Vacation is another cost but is subsumed in the basic salary.
Vacation is based on length of service.
Vacation is based on years in service with the company.
Vacation is calculated according to the employee's total paid hours in the preceding year.
Vacation is commensurate with years of service.
Vacation is earned according to hire date.
Vacation is earned based on employment status and hours worked.
Vacation is earned in partial hours.
Vacation is earned on a monthly basis.
Vacation is earned on a pro-rated schedule according to years of service and percent of time worked.
Vacation is earned on an accrual basis and can be used as soon as it is earned.
Vacation is earned one day a month for the first three years.
Vacation is eaten up a day or two at a time, driving to and from races.
Vacation is for seven nights in Mexico.
Vacation is intended as a period of rest and recreation with pay.
Vacation is intended as a time of rest and renewal.
Vacation is leisure
Vacation is leisure.
Vacation is limited to the amount the employee has accrued.
Vacation is meant for fun.
Vacation is necessary before the recording of the final map.
Vacation is offered based on hours worked, length of employment, and position held.
Vacation is out a week and a half in the spring.
Vacation is over, and so is the exam period.
Vacation is over, prepare for doom.
Vacation is over.
Vacation is pro-rated during the first calendar year of service.
Vacation is prorated throughout the year, but can be taken at any time.
Vacation is provided at twenty-six days per fiscal year.
Vacation is provided based on years of service.
Vacation is provided to an employee at the beginning of each year for use during that year.
Vacation is replaced by studying.
Vacation is restricted during fiscal close periods.
Vacation is scheduled with the residency advisor and research advisor.
Vacation is taken in three blocks spaced throughout the year.
Vacation is the property of the employee and can be utilized later.
Vacation is three weeks per year.
Vacation is to be scheduled at the mutual convenience of the department and the employee.
Vacation is to be taken during the year it is earned.
Vacation is too important to miss.
Vacation is trips.
Vacation is used for entertainment.
Vacation is used for fun.
Vacation is used for vacation property.
Vacation is vacant time.
Vacation is vacation is vacation.
Vacation isa leisure.
Vacation leave .
Vacation leave accrual is based on the number of years of service.
Vacation leave accrues each pay period.
Vacation leave is a benefit for State employees and is intended to be used as time away from work.
Vacation leave is a right.
Vacation leave is accrued according to an employee's service date.
Vacation leave is accrued and credited biweekly.
Vacation leave is accrued based on the number of months of service.
Vacation leave is accrued from the date of hire.
Vacation leave is based on years of service.
Vacation leave is credited beginning with the first full month of employment.
Vacation leave is earned in any period in which an employee is in an active pay status.
Vacation leave is earned on a monthly basis.
Vacation leave is taken on days agreed upon between the employer and the employee.
Vacation leave plans pp.
Vacation leave, sick leave, holidays and management leave.
Vacation leave, work status and travel plans are college business.
Vacation means something different to everyone.
Vacation offers a chance to learn geography through travel.
Vacation packages custom tailored for couples, families, and small groups.
Vacation packages exclusively for gay men and lesbians are also available.
Vacation packages to all destinations - disney, hawaii, caribbean, mexico.
Vacation packages to the sun destinations and The Caribbean.
Vacation packages with a difference.
Vacation pay available with a flexible schedule.
Vacation pay for salaried employees is to be included in the salary negotiated.
Vacation properties Vacation properties for rent or for sale worldwide.
Vacation provides an employee with time away from the responsibilities and duties of the job.
Vacation rentals all over the world.
Vacation rentals Andalucia, Spain.
Vacation romances happen quicker than everyday life.
Vacation Savers Planning a vacation is an exciting time.
Vacation starts at two weeks per year and increases in accordance with set city formula.
Vacation Starts in two Weeks.
Vacation stops and hold packs.
Vacation turns into a nightmare when a man s wife is kidnapped.
Vacations abroad are no longer an issue.
Vacations allow families a much needed change from daily routines a regular activities.
Vacations apparently can help keep people alive.
Vacations are a good example.
Vacations are a good thing.
Vacations are a new part of American life.
Vacations are a perfect time to read together.
Vacations are a way to get up close and personal with history.
Vacations are about detaching from work.
Vacations are acceptable, with some reservations.
Vacations are always deterioating.
Vacations are an easy way to let a little bit of stress out.
Vacations are available land only or air inclusive.
Vacations are beautiful events.
Vacations are being ruined, kids are afraid to go to the beach.
Vacations are critical to family life.
Vacations are either just around the corner or about to start.
Vacations are essential - and they are biblical.
Vacations are exciting when they are planned carefully and smartly.
Vacations are few and far between.
Vacations are fun to research, and they're often fairly exotic.
Vacations are fun, but the work has really piled up.
Vacations are generous.
Vacations are geography and social studies lessons.
Vacations are good for the soul.
Vacations are great, but the return to work can be a bummer.
Vacations are great.
Vacations are important for both body and mind.
Vacations are important for everyone.
Vacations are important.
Vacations are incremental based on years of service with the department.
Vacations are like that.
Vacations are limited to the United States.
Vacations are more fun with the latest travel guides.
Vacations are more than just sun and sea and sand.
Vacations are more than just sun, sea and sand.
Vacations are neat.
Vacations are non-commissionable.
Vacations are now likely to be several long weekends.
Vacations are often non existent for people who have wolfdogs.
Vacations are opportunities for someone else to get ahead.
Vacations are over and school looms large.
Vacations are precious.
Vacations are pro-rated for appointments of less than one year.
Vacations are rare and money is often extremely tight.
Vacations are rare, sleepless night s common and pay scarce.
Vacations are recreational.
Vacations are shorter.
Vacations are so rare that a trip to the mall can be a special treat.
Vacations are special times for families if quality time is given to each other.
Vacations are special.
Vacations are stressful for anyone, but more so for our partners.
Vacations are the perfect time to embrace new sights, sounds, smells and tastes.
Vacations are the perfect time to take pictures.
Vacations are transferable to another party.
Vacations are very important.
Vacations Away is a dynamic, growing company with a rapidly expanding client base.
Vacations can be anything from a weekend to fourteen days.
Vacations can be as stressful as they are enjoyable.
Vacations can be both, but there is no doubt that they are good for a fling.
Vacations can be great times to learn about the importance of the Sabbath rest.
Vacations can easily cost thousands of dollars.
Vacations can have their tragic aspects.
Vacations can offer excellent learning opportunities through hands-on experiences.
Vacations can often include YREs.
Vacations can quickly turn into painful experiences when the power of the sun is overlooked.
Vacations Check out how our service is helping other buyers.
Vacations come in all levels of survival ratios.
Vacations cost money and come to an end.
Vacations Enter e-mail to join guestbook mailing list.
Vacations given away monthly includes round-trip airfare for two and six nights lodging.
Vacations has some really neat adventure tours that can be bid on.
Vacations have their own unique, restorative powers.
Vacations here come in all sizes and in all kinds of weather.
Vacations improve dramatically for some workers.
Vacations involve the entire family.
Vacations is America's best source of new vacation ideas.
Vacations is the magazine of new vacation ideas.
Vacations Learn the real life story of the authors of the Curious George books.
Vacations make a very good case for showing life's just a big hoop.
Vacations Make sure that the arthropods have proper care during vacations.
Vacations mean different things to different people.
Vacations mean truly getting away from it all, and enjoying the great outdoors.
Vacations offer the opportunity to spend time with family and friends and to see new places.
Vacations offers a selection of tours, travel and holidays.
Vacations offers several options that guarantee excitement, value and savings.
Vacations package discount based on availability.
Vacations provide a time when a family is forced to be in close proximity for an extended period.
Vacations provide great photo opportunities, but actually, every day is picture day.
Vacations provides detailed information for the tourist.
Vacations rentals Portugal.
Vacations See what's new in Vacations.
Vacations seem to be the only thing on investors' minds.
Vacations serve an important purpose for people's mental well-being.
Vacations Take advantage of deluxe travel opportunities for the sophisticated traveler.
Vacations take planning, especially when it comes to discouraging a burglar.
Vacations together turn out well.
Vacations travel packages and tours.
Vacations turn into time-restricted nightmares, and jobs are always gone when the sun goes away.
Vacations always require fun-food.
Vacations always seem to center around finding local brewpubs and staying at bed and breakfasts.
Vacations often represent a large chunk of a family s budget.
Vacations usually are in the summer time, people travel to the Beach usually.
All vacation leave requests are subject to management s approval.
All vacations accomodate two people.
All vacations are fun.
All vacations are golf destinations.
All Vacations are subject to availability.
All vacations come to an end.
All vacations feature first class hotel accommodations and premium dining.
Any vacation begins with a fantasy and a ranch vacation is no exception.
Many vacation cottages, some with beach front.
Many vacations start out with a long car ride.
More vacation is good for the gander.
Some vacation offers are promotions for timeshares and condos.
Some vacations are difficult to create on the website.
Some Vacations are just more fun than others.
Some vacations employ air charters, while some use regularly scheduled air service.
A vacationer is a person
Vacationers are likely to maintain their far-flung travel habits.
Vacationers are located in state parks.
Vacationers are understandably skittish.
Vacationers are welcome to stop by the office and check their email back home.
Vacationers bask in the sun.
Vacationers can enjoy golfing, picnicking, swimming, boating, and fishing.
Vacationers can enjoy sparkling, white quartz sand along the Emerald Coast.
Vacationers can enjoy the natural lakeshore, the picnic and day-use areas.
Vacationers can find shopping opportunities in the Seacoast Region as well.
Vacationers can forget cars and join the fun by renting carts by the day or week.
Vacationers can make good targets for criminals.
Vacationers can pick up souvenirs while at the marina.
Vacationers can ride horses or simply play, relax and enjoy the resort's many facilities.
Vacationers can walk downtown to restaurants, shopping plazas and most attractions.
Vacationers come for swimming, for shelling, for reading and sunning.
Vacationers come here for the culture, as well as the islands' many activities.
Vacationers come here to really relax and let all of their worries slip away.
Vacationers continue to increase, enjoying the vast recreational areas.
Vacationers eat, drink and shop in town.
Vacationers enjoy sightseeing, sporting events, dinner-dances, liturgies, seminars, and parties.
Vacationers enjoy the porches.
Vacationers enjoy the warm Bahamian reception they receive and the idyllic climate.
Vacationers explore the village during apres-ski hours without fear of being run over by a car.
Vacationers flock to dozens of resorts.
Vacationers get bargain rental rates by dealing directly with owners or their agents.
Vacationers get squatter's rights.
Vacationers get the cheap seats they demand and frequent fliers get more premium seating.
Vacationers have an abundance of vacation properties from which to choose.
Vacationers have endless options.
Vacationers have the beauty all to themselves.
Vacationers like to be seen there.
Vacationers look forward to a return visit year after year.
Vacationers now reserve ahead and guarantee their accommodations.
Vacationers outnumber business travelers in North County.
Vacationers remember to visit the Alamo Shrine of independence is besieged by visitors.
Vacationers return year after year.
Vacationers seek different things while they are away from home.
Vacationers seek the beaches and the historic charm of the antebellum river town.
Vacationers seeking larger facilities can choose from a number of hotels and motels.
Vacationers there become a part of that life.
Vacationers use cameras and camcorders.
Vacationers use math to find time of arrivals and departures to plan their trips.
Vacationers often complain about the glut of vendors in the once glitzy Pacific Coast resort.
Vacationers often return home looking much younger and better looking.
Vacationers usually consider it a place to get across.
Vacationers usually shop for less costly souvenirs like T-shirts and coffee mugs.
All vacationers can take advantage of the recreation area's private beach.
Many vacationers are unaware of the measures they can take to lower their risk of being struck.
Many vacationers end up buying more while they are here.
Many vacationers enjoy playing at the world famous Sandpiper Golf course nearby at discounted rates.
Many vacationers prefer traveling by rail which is fast, efficient and reasonably priced.
Most vacationers catch and release.
Most vacationers find it a relief to be away from the phone.
Some vacationers do have concerns.
Some vacationers isolate themselves on campus at one of the island's numerous beach resorts.
Vacationing is a wonderful way for kids and parents to be relaxed together.
Vacationing is another favourite pastime.
Vacationing is leisure.
Vaccinated adults are also less likely to be hospitalized with life-threatening complications.
Vaccinated animals can become unsymptomatic carriers if exposed to the virus.
Vaccinated animals can still carry the virus and pass it on, without showing any symptoms.
Vaccinated animals can test positive for life.
Vaccinated animals carry the same antibodies as the sick.
Vaccinated animals pose NO risk to human health.
Vaccinated cells mimic a natural infection with the virus.
Vaccinated children get disease at the same rate as the unvaccinated children.
Vaccinated mice boast smaller plaques in their arteries than their unvaccinated cage mates.
Vaccinated newborns have protection for at least five years.
Vaccinated pets serve as a buffer between rabid wildlife and humans.
Vaccinated pets serve as a buffer between rabid wildlife and man.
Vaccination injury happens more often that is mentioned to parents.
Vaccination programs are unlikely to produce herd immunity.
Vaccination programs have some impact.
Vaccination programs vary by geography on veterinarian's advice.
Vaccination records are accessible by many people.
Vaccination schedules are available for adults or children .
Vaccination schedules are often a favorite topic at producer gatherings.
Vaccination also can prevent infections.
Vaccination also has substantial economic benefits for healthy working adults.
Vaccination also needs to be further considered for some indigenous groups.
Vaccination belongs in the properly set up surgeries of qualified medical practitioners.
Vaccination breaks the skin and so is technically a surgery.
Vaccination builds on the natural immune system to make a person resist certain diseases .
Vaccination builds on the natural immune system to make a person resist certain diseases.
Vaccination can also increase resistance to disease.
Vaccination can be effective in the face of an outbreak.
Vaccination can control disease.
Vaccination can help in the geriatric population.
Vaccination can lead to autism.
Vaccination can prevent disease caused by influenza.
Vaccination can prevent it.
Vaccination can prevent many sheep diseases, which significantly affect profitability.
Vaccination can prevent some forms of meningitis.
Vaccination can prevent the onset of the disease.
Vaccination can significantly decrease the incidence of pneumonia.
Vaccination consists of two shots, given six to twelve months apart.
Vaccination currently denotes the physical act of administering any vaccine or toxoid.
Vaccination decimates populations.
Vaccination does immense good and any contamination is long in the past.
Vaccination enables the immune system to recognize and fight the real thing.
Vaccination enables the selection of populations to be decimated.
Vaccination encourages medical dependence and reinforces belief in the inefficiency of the body.
Vaccination enhances our natural ability to fight disease.
Vaccination generally requires a course of three injections over a one year period.
Vaccination has a place in veterinary medicine.
Vaccination has serious consequences, some of which take a long time to develop.
Vaccination has some risks.
Vaccination has to be given for the specific virus.
Vaccination helps prevent most cases of chickenpox.
Vaccination increases survival and creates more productive members of the family and community.
Vaccination interferes with diagnostic testing.
Vaccination is a biological weapon at the service of biological warfare.
Vaccination is a choice.
Vaccination is a form of prevention or prophylaxis of infectious disease and cancers.
Vaccination is a helpful tool in maintaining resistance to brucellosis in a cattle population.
Vaccination is a medical procedure and as such, has no place in schools.
Vaccination is a medical procedure and has no place in schools.
Vaccination is a painless outpatient procedure and takes only a few minutes to perform.
Vaccination is a part of routine childhood immunizations.
Vaccination is a personal choice.
Vaccination is a preventive measure only.
Vaccination is a way of acquiring or inducing resistance to infection.
Vaccination is a way of preventing diseases caused by viruses.
Vaccination is a way of reducing the chance of contracting an infectious disease.
Vaccination is a way to produce immunization.
Vaccination is advisable.
Vaccination is also available from private health care providers or the local health department.
Vaccination is also costly as well, therefore eradication is the ideal approach in any country.
Vaccination is an effective way of avoiding the flu.
Vaccination is an effective way of preventing suffering from chickenpox.
Vaccination is an essential prerequisite to licensure.
Vaccination is an interesting example.
Vaccination is another important step in helping to prevent the disease.
Vaccination is as important for adults as it is for children in preventing disease.
Vaccination is at the students' expense.
Vaccination is available for people who work around animals.
Vaccination is available for prevention and is normally required for school attendance.
Vaccination is available to anyone who wants to reduce their chances of getting the flu.
Vaccination is available to anyone who wants to reduce their changes of getting the flu.
Vaccination is available, but only partially effective.
Vaccination is available.
Vaccination is big business, the success of which depends on sales.
Vaccination is both safe and effective.
Vaccination is by injection or tablets.
Vaccination is cheap insurance.
Vaccination is common in countries where farmers rear livestock for themselves or for local trade.
Vaccination is common in the countries where the disease occurs.
Vaccination is considered the century's biggest public health success.
Vaccination is critical in the prevention and elimination of disease.
Vaccination is crucial.
Vaccination is effective and cost efficient.
Vaccination is envisaged only in situations where an outbreak is of epidemic proportions.
Vaccination is expensive and complex.
Vaccination is extremely effective.
Vaccination is for future protection.
Vaccination is generally effective, although carrier birds can develop amongst vaccinates.
Vaccination is immunisation
Vaccination is indicated in conjunction with chemoprophylaxis following a proven biologic incident.
Vaccination is like insurance.
Vaccination is long lasting and efficacious.
Vaccination is manditory as there is no effective treatment for rabies in dogs.
Vaccination is most cost-effective when included as part of a routine health care encounter.
Vaccination is most effective when it is planned to meet the particular needs of a farm.
Vaccination is necessary for all cats.
Vaccination is necessary to produce immunity and prevent illness after antibiotic withdrawal.
Vaccination is no easy option.
Vaccination is no substitute for responsible pet care.
Vaccination is now available for the varicella virus.
Vaccination is obviously the first line of defense against botulism.
Vaccination is one method of preventing infectious diseases.
Vaccination is one of several protocols whereby immunity is conferred.
Vaccination is one of the best preventions against rabies.
Vaccination is one of the main influenza prevention methods.
Vaccination is one of the more effective ways to prevent specific diseases.
Vaccination is one of the most cost-effective public health measures.
Vaccination is one of the most successful of science-based strategies to fight disease.
Vaccination is one of the safest and most effective health interventions.
Vaccination is on-going.
Vaccination is possible but is much less effective in controlling an epidemic.
Vaccination is practiced in order to establish effective immunity.
Vaccination is practiced widely and is the recommended method for prevention.
Vaccination is preventive and administered to healthy persons to prevent illness.
Vaccination is probably one of the main reasons that pets are living healthier longer lives.
Vaccination is recommended by many medical associations.
Vaccination is recommended for all cats.
Vaccination is recommended for all persons known to be at high risk of sexual transmission.
Vaccination is recommended for all travelers to risk areas.
Vaccination is recommended for men who have sex with men.
Vaccination is recommended for people at high risk of coming into contact with the virus.
Vaccination is recommended for the following groups.
Vaccination is recommended for travelers to countries with infected mosquito populations.
Vaccination is recommended to all visitors planning to travel outside the urban areas.
Vaccination is recommended to help prevent the further spread of infection.
Vaccination is recommended.
Vaccination is regarded as a policy of last resort.
Vaccination is relied on to increase resistance to infection.
Vaccination is required by all visitors over one year of age.
Vaccination is required for breeding females to be moved into some states.
Vaccination is ruled out mainly for commercial reasons.
Vaccination is safe during pregnancy.
Vaccination is said to have disastrous consequences for livestock exporters.
Vaccination is scars.
Vaccination is the act of administering the vaccine.
Vaccination is the backbone of prevention.
Vaccination is the basis for modern rabies import controls.
Vaccination is the best means of rabies control.
Vaccination is the best method for both control and prevention of bovine campylobacteriosis.
Vaccination is the best method of control.
Vaccination is the best preventive measure.
Vaccination is the best protection in preventing hepatitis A infection.
Vaccination is the best way to do that.
Vaccination is the best way to limit rabies infection and therefore transmission.
Vaccination is the best way to prevent the disease and, contrary to public opinion, is safe.
Vaccination is the best way to protect again diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis.
Vaccination is the best way to protect again measles, mumps, and rubella.
Vaccination is the best way to protect against diphtheria, tetanus, and perlussis.
Vaccination is the best way to protect against polio.
Vaccination is the best way to protect against some forms of meningococcal meningitis.
Vaccination is the best way to protect against tetanus and diptheria.
Vaccination is the essential first step in controlling infectious diseases.
Vaccination is the high tech solution that really is no solution.
Vaccination is the insurance policy for a healthy herd.
Vaccination is the key to better health for children.
Vaccination is the medical sacrament corresponding to baptism.
Vaccination is the most common form of prevention.
Vaccination is the most effective and most reliable way of preventing typhoid fever.
Vaccination is the most effective control measure for canine Parvovirus disease.
Vaccination is the most effective method of control.
Vaccination is the most important way to make use of the immune system in medicine.
Vaccination is the most viable control measure.
Vaccination is the only available tool to prevent pneumococcal disease.
Vaccination is the only effective way to prevent influenza.
Vaccination is the only means of protection against blackleg.
Vaccination is the only prevention.
Vaccination is the only protection, there is no cure.
Vaccination is the only real solution for the population.
Vaccination is the only sure prevention for yellow fever.
Vaccination is the only way to prevent the disease.
Vaccination is the only way to provide long term protection against tetanus.
Vaccination is the primary way to prevent feline upper respiratory disease complex.
Vaccination is the process of using cow pox to inoculate, rather than smallpox.
Vaccination is the single biggest cause of cot death.
Vaccination is the single most important measure for preventing yellow fever.
Vaccination is the single most important measure to control Japanese encephalitis.
Vaccination is the single, most powerful method to control contagious diseases.
Vaccination is the surest way to prevent laghu masurika.
Vaccination is the surest way to protect cattle from some pests.
Vaccination is two part.
Vaccination is used to try to prevent and control the spread of disease.
Vaccination is very important.
Vaccination leads to social violence and crime.
Vaccination needs to be a choice and available for purchase as in many other countries.
Vaccination normally gives a life-long protection.
Vaccination offers a potentially more effective and sustainable method of disease control.
Vaccination offers protection for uninfected individuals.
Vaccination offers real hope for eliminating specific contagious disease from the planet.
Vaccination only decreases severity of the clinical signs.
Vaccination ought to be strictly attended to.
Vaccination plays an important role in preventing influenza and rhinopneumonitis.
Vaccination presumably elicits an idiotypic control.
Vaccination protects animals and people from rabies.
Vaccination protects individuals and society from the effects of disease.
Vaccination provides a high level of long lasting protection.
Vaccination provides an effective, long-lasting immunity and is necessary for military personnel.
Vaccination relies on the ability of the immune system to recognize foreign protein.
Vaccination remains the primary method of preventing and controlling influenza.
Vaccination requires the approval of the state veterinarian.
Vaccination seems to be an overlooked subject.
Vaccination stimulates the immune system with an antigen.
Vaccination stimulates the immune system, the body's defense mechanism.
Vaccination therefore has a national impact on public health.
Vaccination typically occurs at six to eight weeks of age in kittens.
Vaccination wastes resources, gives false hope and distracts attention from what needs to be done.
Vaccinations appear to be the best means for preventing diseases.
Vaccinations are a last resort in aiding the highly communicable disease.
Vaccinations are a live dose of an infectious disease injected into the system of the animal.
Vaccinations are a population based decision.
Vaccinations are a vital part of proper equine management.
Vaccinations are acceptable, excluding HBIG and investigational.
Vaccinations are all up to date.
Vaccinations are almost non existent in many villages.
Vaccinations are also a way of protecting pregnant women from getting it.
Vaccinations are also available for conditions such as pneumonia.
Vaccinations are also available.
Vaccinations are an essential part of preventive health care.
Vaccinations are an important part of a healthy puppy or dogs life.
Vaccinations are an important part of health maintenance.
Vaccinations are an important preventative animal health measure.
Vaccinations are another useful control.
Vaccinations are at the student's expense.
Vaccinations are available and given if requested.
Vaccinations are available each year to protect against the current strain of influenza.
Vaccinations are available for all types of hepatitis.
Vaccinations are available for some forms of meningitis.
Vaccinations are available in combination with vaccines against other diseases.
Vaccinations are available through registered veterinarians.
Vaccinations are available through registered vets.
Vaccinations are available to prevent many cat diseases.
Vaccinations are available to prevent many dog diseases.
Vaccinations are available.
Vaccinations are blood products and hazardous to our immune system.
Vaccinations are comparable to that of cattle.
Vaccinations are crude experiments conducted on innocent people.
Vaccinations are free.
Vaccinations are generally safe for breast-feeding mothers.
Vaccinations are generally the cheapest and most effective way to prevent viruses.
Vaccinations are good for one year.
Vaccinations are good for people.
Vaccinations are highly effective in preventing infectious diseases in dogs and cats.
Vaccinations are important as they protect the animals from infectious diseases.
Vaccinations are important to every child and to society as a whole.
Vaccinations are injections of medicines the animal receives to keep it from developing diseases.
Vaccinations are most effective when given according to a physician approved schedule.
Vaccinations are much more stressful on the underdeveloped immune system.
Vaccinations are necesary part of life.
Vaccinations are necessary.
Vaccinations are now mandatory in order for a student to enter school.
Vaccinations are one area to be considered in a preventive health program.
Vaccinations are one means of protection from diseases.
Vaccinations are only for healthy dogs.
Vaccinations are part of health management.
Vaccinations are particularly important in the aging population.
Vaccinations are safe, but rare extreme reactions do occur.
Vaccinations are something that have become popular over the last half a century.
Vaccinations are still very important.
Vaccinations are such a complex issue and there are many factors to consider.
Vaccinations are than needed yearly through out the animals life.
Vaccinations are to be current as advised by the owner's veterinarian.
Vaccinations are up to date and dew claws have been removed.
Vaccinations are up to date.
Vaccinations Begin assessing vaccination requirements eight months prior to departure.
Vaccinations can be a powerful tool in disease prevention.
Vaccinations can cause a variety of side effects in both cats and dogs.
Vaccinations can cause the same effects.
Vaccinations can help prevent disease as well as regular veternary visits.
Vaccinations can lower a dog's seizure threshold and trigger a seizure.
Vaccinations can protect for three to five years.
Vaccinations do have some side effects .
Vaccinations do have some side effects.
Vaccinations establish protective immunity, which can reduce the risk of the disease.
Vaccinations expire one year after the date administered.
Vaccinations follow soon after.
Vaccinations have to be taken in advance.
Vaccinations is the most effective defense against viral infections.
Vaccinations occur in our region without cost to parents.
Vaccinations prevent children from contracting the disease, thus making treatment unnecessary.
Vaccinations prevent children from getting dangerous, life-threatening diseases.
Vaccinations protect against viral diseases, in part, by eliciting the production of antibodies.
Vaccinations protect cows, but defending fetuses against infection is difficult.
Vaccinations provide antibodies, which the young normally get through the mother's milk.
Vaccinations represent a major assault on the body's immune system.
Vaccinations seem to follow the same pattern of corruption in the medical system.
Vaccinations take time.
Vaccinations There are many diseases that are fatal to cats.
Vaccinations There are no special requirements for vaccinations for entry into Sweden.
Vaccinations typically are more effective at stimulating the humoral side of the immune system.
Vaccinations weaken the immune system of a child.
Vaccinations work equally well in all species and there are no special problems with sheep or pigs.
All vaccination does is replace acute illness with chronic disease.
All vaccinations can have side effects.
All vaccinations given through the health department are free of charge.
All vaccinations have to be up to date and each dog is dewormed.
All vaccinations including yellow fever and malaria prophylaxis are available around the clock.
Every vaccination has to target therefore carefully the correct strain.
Most vaccinations have to be given by injection.
Most vaccinations occur at an open clinic, where everyone can be vaccinated, but last year . . .
Most vaccinations take effect in two weeks' time.
Some vaccinations can take up to six months to vaccinate.
Some vaccinations require multiple visits to a travel clinic, so leave plenty of time.
Vaccine failures are much more common.
Vaccine mandates give residents a shot in the arm.
Vaccine mandates go into effect in America in a procedure that evades accountability.
Vaccine programs provide a proven method for childhood disease prevention.
Vaccine reaction includes fevers.
Vaccine reaction includes mild fevers.
Most vaccine reaction includes fevers.
Most vaccine reaction includes mild fevers.
Vaccine trials are underway for a variety of cancers including lung, breast, colon, and kidney.
Vaccine viruses infect individuals.
A vaccine is antigen
Vaccine aids some babies in fending off earache germ.
Vaccine benefits far outweigh any recognized minimal risk.
Vaccine contains a bacterial suspension.
Vaccine contains antigens from the organism.
Vaccine has little effect on colonization.
Vaccine is a preventative thing.
Vaccine is administered using the multiple puncture technique with a bifurcated needle.
Vaccine is also available to help fight pneumococcal pneumonia, one type of bacterial pneumonia.
Vaccine is available and recommended before travel in some parts of the world.
Vaccine is available but has been shown to be ineffective against aerosol challenge.
Vaccine is available for preventive purposes.
Vaccine is available for use before breeding season.
Vaccine is available in limited quantities.
Vaccine is available to start a vaccination campaign.
Vaccine is changed yearly anticipating viruses likely to cause epidemics that season.
Vaccine is effective.
Vaccine is extremely effective that requires public health policies and compliance.
Vaccine is given intramuscularly in the deltoid region.
Vaccine is given intramuscularly, preferably in the deltoid.
Vaccine is given only on specific days.
Vaccine is made available through public and private providers.
Vaccine is provided to personnel at no cost.
Vaccine is provided using multiple funding sources.
Vaccine is readily available.
Vaccine is shipped directly to providers.
Vaccine is the only way to prevent the disease.
Vaccine isa antigen.
Vaccine manufacture at the time of a pandemic influenza.
Vaccine possibilities Vaccines fall into one of a variety of classes.
Vaccine prevents pneumonia in kids.
Vaccine promises to prevent avianpolyomavirus infections.
Vaccine strains of both types exist.
Vaccine strains of the viral agents listed above, including the following, are exempt.
Vaccine targets cancer-causing virus.
Vaccine targets caner-cusing virus.
Vaccine then is given in a series of five shots spread over a month.
Vaccine triggers cocaine mop-up in rats.
Vaccine Use During the Gulf War.
Vaccine varies each year and depends on virus strains likely to cause disease during the flu season.
Vaccines add to the immune system to fight a specific disease or infection.
Vaccines also help prevent the spread of viral diseases.
Vaccines also help protect against biological weapons like anthrax.
Vaccines also help protect against biological weapons.
Vaccines also help protect against such biological weapons likeas anthrax.
Vaccines also seem to have fewer side effects than interleukin and interferon.
Vaccines also stress the immunesystem.
Vaccines appear at least theoretically possible.
Vaccines appear safe Initial study results indicate the vaccines appear safe.
Vaccines are a promise for the future.
Vaccines are a safe, easy and cost effective way to prevent disease.
Vaccines are a valuable weapon in our medical armamentarium.
Vaccines are a very important part of reducing risk.
Vaccines are a vital part of proper program of preventative care.
Vaccines are administered to children.
Vaccines are advised in some high-risk cases.
Vaccines are also available against some of the bacteria that can cause meningitis.
Vaccines are also available and have been used.
Vaccines are also available for long-term prevention for people over the age of two.
Vaccines are also available on-line, just as they are in feed stores and other commercial stores.
Vaccines are among the most cost-effective medical interventions available.
Vaccines are among the most powerful and cost-effective disease prevention tools available.
Vaccines are among the safest medicines available.
Vaccines are among the very safest tools of modern medicine.
Vaccines are an essential tool for reducing infectious diseases.
Vaccines are an example of drugs which effect memory cells.
Vaccines are an important part of the defense against biological warfare agents.
Vaccines are an important weapon against that spread.
Vaccines are another common cause of allergies.
Vaccines are another powerful way to control both bacterial and viral infections.
Vaccines are another strategy in the fight against the disease and they are showing some promise.
Vaccines are another way.
Vaccines are as safe today as modern science can achieve.
Vaccines are available against hepatitis.
Vaccines are available against mosquito-borne diseases like yellow fever and Japanese encephalitis.
Vaccines are available and utilized against some pathogens.
Vaccines are available as modified live or killed.
Vaccines are available but inefficient.
Vaccines are available but their efficacy has been questioned.
Vaccines are available commercially for the immunization of pregnant gilts, sows, and nursing pigs.
Vaccines are available for anaplasmosis.
Vaccines are available for different kinds of swine flu.
Vaccines are available for dogs and humans.
Vaccines are available for dogs.
Vaccines are available for five of the leptospira species that affect cattle.
Vaccines are available for humans and animals in some countries.
Vaccines are available for Japanese encephalitis and the tick-born encephalitis found in Asia.
Vaccines are available for many infectious diseases.
Vaccines are available for organisms that cause certain types of meningitis.
Vaccines are available for prevention of the disease in horses.
Vaccines are available for several forms of bacterial meningitis, as discussed above.
Vaccines are available for several of the respiratory infection diseases.
Vaccines are available for the prevention of several significant human diseases.
Vaccines are available for the prevention of the infection.
Vaccines are available for yellow fever and Japanese encephalitis.
Vaccines are available statewide through local health departments and public clinics.
Vaccines are available that give immunity lasting for a year.
Vaccines are available that protect against both types of adenovirus.
Vaccines are available to prevent afflictions that still kill millions of people each year.
Vaccines are available to prevent the infection.
Vaccines are available to prevent tick-borne disease in dogs.
Vaccines are available to protect animals in endemic areas or when outbreaks occur.
Vaccines are available to protect dogs and humans.
Vaccines are available.
Vaccines are based in scientific fact, and are safe and effective.
Vaccines are biological drugs.
Vaccines are commonplace in developed countries, thanks mostly to government regulations.
Vaccines are cost -effective.
Vaccines are cost-effective.
Vaccines are current.
Vaccines are drugs with potential serious adverse reactions.
Vaccines are drugs, and pharmacists are responsible for drugs.
Vaccines are effective for the control of epidemics.
Vaccines are effective protective measures.
Vaccines are essential in the management of any infectious disease.
Vaccines are essential to protect humans and animals from microbial diseases.
Vaccines are excellent.
Vaccines are extremely safe.
Vaccines are fragile, perishable biologicals.
Vaccines are good for preventing the majority of cases.
Vaccines are heat sensitive.
Vaccines are highly cost effective.
Vaccines are immunogen.
Vaccines are in some ways victims of their own success.
Vaccines are indispensable in fighting feline infectious disease.
Vaccines are inoculations.
Vaccines are less financially viable than ongoing drug treatments for several reasons.
Vaccines are likely to play an increasingly important role in health care.
Vaccines are liquids.
Vaccines are mandatory and unavoidable.
Vaccines are medicine.
Vaccines are money, and every dose wasted is like throwing money away.
Vaccines are necessary for children to grow up healthy and strong.
Vaccines are necessary.
Vaccines are never perfect but can be good enough.
Vaccines are no exception.
Vaccines are non-returnable unless shipped by air as stated in order and returns policy.
Vaccines are now available to protect against all types of hepatitis.
Vaccines are one of few ways to prevent infectious disease outbreaks.
Vaccines are one of medicine's proudest achievements, and they have stood the test of time.
Vaccines are one of the great success stories of modern medicine.
Vaccines are one of the greatest achievements in the history of preventive medicine.
Vaccines are one of the greatest developments of modern medicine.
Vaccines are one of the most cost-effective tools in preventing disease and death.
Vaccines are one of the most cost-effective tools in preventing disease.
Vaccines are one of the most far-reaching and effective technologies of our time.
Vaccines are one of the technologies emphasized.
Vaccines are only as effective as they are properly used.
Vaccines are only the tip of the iceberg.
Vaccines are perhaps the biggest success story of public health.
Vaccines are perhaps the most simple and effective way of preventing diseases.
Vaccines are prepared from viral components or modified viruses no longer capable of reproducing.
Vaccines are probably responsible for saving more lives than anything else.
Vaccines are produced to prevent serious viral infections.
Vaccines are pseudo-antigens which prime the immune system.
Vaccines are quintessential examples of such products.
Vaccines are relatively inexpensive.
Vaccines are safe.
Vaccines are serious drugs with serious damage reactions.
Vaccines are some of the safest medicines around.
Vaccines are specific for each animal.
Vaccines are still in the research and development stage and are years away from widespread use.
Vaccines are still in the research and development stage.
Vaccines are substances that provoke the body s disease-fighting response.
Vaccines are temperature controlled until use.
Vaccines are the best way to protect against some serious infections.
Vaccines are the best way to protect against some very serious infections.
Vaccines are the greatest farce ever placed upon a civilized community.
Vaccines are the most cost-effective medical intervention known to prevent death and disease.
Vaccines are the most cost-effective medical intervention to prevent death and disease.
Vaccines are the most powerful tools to protect against disease.
Vaccines are the most powerful way to prevent infectious diseases like measles and polio.
Vaccines are the most rational approach to pertussis control.
Vaccines are the next hope for stopping the epidemic.
Vaccines are the only available means of preventing pneumococcal disease.
Vaccines are the only line of defense for humans exposed to the disease.
Vaccines are the only substances that a government agency mandates a United States citizen receive.
Vaccines are the underpinning of our disease-prevention programs.
Vaccines are the weapons of choice.
Vaccines are tools used to raise the resistance of an animal to an infectious agent.
Vaccines are toxic.
Vaccines are under development but so far no commercial vaccines are available.
Vaccines are under development for other forms.
Vaccines are under development to reduce the amount introduced through eructation.
Vaccines are unlikely to become available on the market before a few years.
Vaccines are usually prevention-based.
Vaccines are very effective.
Vaccines are very safe and effective.
Vaccines are very safe, and there are always safety checks going on to make sure they stay safe.
Vaccines are very safe.
Vaccines are yet another breakthrough.
Vaccines brings immunity.
Vaccines can and do save lives.
Vaccines can be a useful tool to prevent disease.
Vaccines can be hazardous.
Vaccines can be very effective.
Vaccines can grant life-long immunity to a host of debilitating and potentially fatal diseases.
Vaccines can help but are never a substitute for good overall animal husbandry.
Vaccines can make a difference.
Vaccines can offer immunity and antibiotics are usually effective if administered promptly.
Vaccines can offer immunity, and antibiotics are usually effective if administered promptly.
Vaccines can offer protection if indeed it is the proper type.
Vaccines can offer some protection.
Vaccines can prevent disease in humans as well as animals.
Vaccines can prevent distemper, but recovery once the disease is contracted is rare.
Vaccines can prevent illnesses that can be very serious for people with diabetes.
Vaccines can prevent many diseases.
Vaccines can prevent outbreaks of disease and save lives.
Vaccines can prevent polio, but only if a person has been immunized before exposure to the virus.
Vaccines can sometimes cause permanent injury and death.
Vaccines carry a small risk of serious harm, such as a severe allergic reaction.
Vaccines change every year.
Vaccines come a very close second.
Vaccines come in different forms and strengths.
Vaccines come in live or killed forms.
Vaccines come in two different forms, live and inactive.
Vaccines come with recommended schedules designed to optimize immune response to the shots.
Vaccines consist of proteins.
Vaccines contain a killed form of the virus, and appear to be safe and effective.
Vaccines contain alien substances that are dangerous to humans . . .
Vaccines contain antigen.
Vaccines contain components.
Vaccines contain small amounts of inactivated, disease-causing organisms.
Vaccines contain the antigens of dead or weakened pathogens.
Vaccines create immunity.
Vaccines create resistance to the diseases they cause.
Vaccines do exist against the disease, but they bring their own problems.
Vaccines do nothing but prevent the body from expressing a normal immune response to acute illness.
Vaccines do predispose to cancer and leukaemia.
Vaccines exist for some other mosquito-borne viruses, such as yellow fever virus.
Vaccines exist, but new strains of the virus quickly render vaccines ineffective.
Vaccines generally are in short supply in the country.
Vaccines give the body time to prepare defenses against harmful invading germs.
Vaccines Go on the advice of a good vet who knows primates.
Vaccines have clear benefits for the disadvantaged.
Vaccines help build the natural resistance or immunity of the birds.
Vaccines help prevent infectious diseases and save lives.
Vaccines help the body produce antibodies.
Vaccines hold great promise in the prevention of disease.
Vaccines increase an animal's immunity or resistance to a particular disease.
Vaccines induce immune responses.
Vaccines induce responses.
Vaccines look for specific patterns of virus code called a virus signature .
Vaccines lose potency within hours after mixing.
Vaccines lose their potency.
Vaccines lower mortality.
Vaccines maintain immunity.
Vaccines make a very powerful argument for socialized medicine.
Vaccines make immunity.
Vaccines offer an additional potential tool to assist with the control of parasite transmission.
Vaccines offer benefits.
Vaccines offer protection without disease.
Vaccines offer the safest protection.
Vaccines only cause minor side effects except in very rare cases.
Vaccines prevent countless deaths each year.
Vaccines prevent diseases that can permanently injure children and adults.
Vaccines prevent diseases.
Vaccines prevent illness by stimulating the body s natural disease-fighting abilities.
Vaccines prevent illness by stimulating the body's natural disease-fighting abilities.
Vaccines prevent infection.
Vaccines prevent one from contracting a disease.
Vaccines prevent primary infection.
Vaccines probably affect the risk of diabetes by modulating the immune system.
Vaccines produce antibodies.
Vaccines produce immunity.
Vaccines produced in plants hold hope for inexpensive mass production and immunization by ingestion.
Vaccines prompt the body to produce antibodies, which block the development of infection.
Vaccines protect both vaccinated individuals and protect communities as well.
Vaccines protect children by helping prepare their bodies to fight deadly diseases.
Vaccines protect individuals.
Vaccines protect most people from disease.
Vaccines protect people from disease by stopping infections before they can wreak their havoc.
Vaccines protect people.
Vaccines protect pets against common viruses and bacteria that cause disease.
Vaccines protect pets against common viruses and bacteria.
Vaccines protect pets against several viral and bacterial diseases.
Vaccines provide only temporary protection and revaccination is needed at six-month intervals.
Vaccines provide protection.
Vaccines provide reasonable protection.
Vaccines raise the animal's resistance against becoming infected.
Vaccines raise the resistance level.
Vaccines reduce likelihood.
Vaccines reduce severity.
Vaccines require careful storage and transport to the point of use to avoid harmful heat exposure.
Vaccines save countless lives every year.
Vaccines save money in the long run.
Vaccines save money on both direct and indirect costs of the disease.
Vaccines sometime appear to fail to protect from disease.
Vaccines start protecting dogs and cats about a month after they get the shot.
Vaccines stimulate an animal s immune system.
Vaccines stimulate immune responses that help control infection after the host takes up an agent .
Vaccines stimulate the immune system to be able to fight off various infections.
Vaccines stimulate the white blood cells to produce antibodies that destroy the pathogens.
Vaccines stop diseases by fooling the body.
Vaccines strengthen the immune system.
Vaccines take some time to produce.
Vaccines tend to be strain-specific as well.
Vaccines There are four hepatitis A vaccines licensed in Canada.
Vaccines There are no available vaccines.
Vaccines undergo rigorous testing before they are ever approved for use.
Vaccines vary in the level of protection and the duration of protection.
Vaccines vary tremendously in efficacy.
Vaccines violate our cleanliness and are therefore unclean and unholy.
Vaccines work best when they are given at the recommended time and on a regular schedule.
Vaccines work by helping each child's body fight the specific illness.
Vaccines work by stimulating the body's immune system.
Vaccines work by stimulating the immune system to produce antibodies.
Vaccines work by stimulating the immune system.
Vaccines work in a variety of ways.
Vaccines work in part by prompting the body to generate antibodies.
Vaccines work like building blocks.
Vaccines work using the body's own immune system to fight infection.
Vaccines work, in part, by inducing the production of antibodies that recognize invading organisms.
Vaccines always induce life-long immune responses.
Vaccines frequently require an adjuvant to stimulate a desired immune response.
All vaccines are available at an extra cost.
All vaccines are current.
All vaccines are subject to lot release.
All vaccines are to some degree unstable.
All vaccines cause reactions.
All vaccines contain small amounts of material other than the virus or bacteria.
All vaccines depress immunity.
All vaccines have limitations.
All vaccines have possible side effects.
All vaccines only give temporary immunity, which is why booster doses are often given.
Any vaccine can cause side effects in some people.
Many vaccines are developed, few survive the tortuous maze from the laboratory to the farm.
Many vaccines are one-time injections into a muscle.
Many vaccines begin as a fluke.
Many vaccines consist of disease-causing bacteria or viruses that have been killed.
Many vaccines consist of viral surface proteins that provoke an antibody response.
Many vaccines contain live viruses.
Many vaccines contain mercury as a preservative.
Many vaccines look alike after drawing into a syringe.
Many vaccines require booster doses.
Many vaccines require boosters and most immunity results after the second injection.
Many vaccines require more than one dose to provide full immunity.
Many vaccines require more than one shot.
Many vaccines require multiple doses to achieve full immunity.
More vaccine is available now than last month.
More vaccine is available now, but many physicians still report problems.
Most vaccines are administered to children.
Most vaccines are only effective before the exposure to the germ.
Most vaccines are to be kept in the refrigerator.
Most vaccines begin to provide immunity about two weeks after they are administered.
Most vaccines consist of proteins.
Most vaccines contain a weak or dead disease germ.
Most vaccines contain a weakened or dead disease germ.
Most vaccines contain antigen.
Most vaccines contain components.
Most vaccines create immunity.
Most vaccines don t cause the diseases that are usually caused by viruses and bacteria.
Most vaccines induce immune responses.
Most vaccines induce responses.
Most vaccines maintain immunity.
Most vaccines make immunity.
Most vaccines offer benefits.
Most vaccines preferentially induce the formation of antibodies rather than cell-mediated immunity .
Most vaccines prevent disease all together.
Most vaccines prevent disease by introducing materials that trigger antibody formation.
Most vaccines prevent infection.
Most vaccines prevent primary infection.
Most vaccines probably work through a combination of antibodies and cellular immunity.
Most vaccines produce antibodies.
Most vaccines produce immunity.
Most vaccines protect individuals.
Most vaccines protect people.
Most vaccines provide protection.
Most vaccines provide reasonable protection.
Most vaccines reduce likelihood.
Most vaccines require adjuvants to provoke effective and protective immune responses.
Most vaccines require booster doses at yearly intervals.
Most vaccines work by preventing disease.
Some vaccines are administered to adults.
Some vaccines are effective by mouth, but most have to be given parenterally.
Some vaccines are extremely sensitive to temperature variations.
Some vaccines are given by drops into the nose rather than by injection.
Some vaccines are less stable than others and require good cold storage facilities eg.
Some vaccines are more effective than others.
Some vaccines are special and are only available at certain times.
Some vaccines are synthetic vaccines that are made in a laboratory .
Some vaccines are synthetic vaccines that are made in a laboratory.
Some vaccines cause diseases.
Some vaccines cause illnesses.
Some vaccines cause reaction.
Some vaccines combine two strains of the same species.
Some vaccines come as a series of shots.
Some vaccines contain formaldehyde which is potentially a cancer-causing agent.
Some vaccines contain gelatin.
Some vaccines contain leptospiras.
Some vaccines contain mercury.
Some vaccines destroy immunoglobulin-regulatory cells that are produced by the thymus.
Some vaccines have mercury.
Some vaccines increase effectiveness.
Some vaccines only protect against a specific subtype.
Some vaccines produce enough antibodies in only one dose.
Some vaccines protect against infection as well.
Some vaccines protect dogs.
Some vaccines protect domestic rabbits.
Some vaccines protect koalas.
Some vaccines protect rabbits.
Some vaccines provide lifelong protection.
Some vaccines require boostering to produce the maximum antibodies and give adequate protection.
Some vaccines require boosters at specific time intervals following the initial vaccination.
Some vaccines require more than one dose for adequate protection.
Some vaccines require two injections to achieve maximum protection.
Some vaccines take long time to develop.
Some vaccines take six weeks to become highly effective.
Some vaccines take up to four weeks to become effective.
A vaccinia is an animal disease
Vaccinia has a broad host range which includes humans, small mammals and livestock.
Vaccinia is a different virus from the virus that causes smallpox.
Vaccinia is a different virus from the virus which causes smallpox.
Vaccinia is used as a live virus vector is some candidate anti-HIV vaccines.
Vaccinias are infection.
A vacuity is emptiness
Vacuity is the result, while stasis is the cause.
A vacuolation is a condition
Vacuolation is thus the development of characteristic vacuoles in the brain.
A vacuole is a structure
Vacuole isa body part.
Vacuoles act as containers.
Vacuoles act like storage tanks.
Vacuoles also regulate the water content of certain one-celled animals.
Vacuoles are also important in regulating water balance within the cell.
Vacuoles are bubbles that float in the cell.
Vacuoles are cavities.
Vacuoles are formed during endocytosis when portions of the cell membrane are pinched off.
Vacuoles are found in both plant and animal cells .
Vacuoles are found in the cells of plants, protists, and some primitive animals.
Vacuoles are handy little structures.
Vacuoles are large sacs that store food and other materials in the cell.
Vacuoles are large, liquid-filled organelles found only in plant cells.
Vacuoles are large, round, water-filled sacs floating in the cytoplasm.
Vacuoles are larger in animal cells than in plant cells.
Vacuoles are membrane bound sacs with little or no internal structure.
Vacuoles are more important to plant cells than they are to animal cells.
Vacuoles are organelles.
Vacuoles are part of cells.
Vacuoles are part of plant cells.
Vacuoles are regenerated in mature spores.
Vacuoles are simply just storage bins.
Vacuoles are spaces in the cytoplasm that usually contain gases, solids, or liquids.
Vacuoles are storage areas that contain nutrients, water, etc. for the cell's later use.
Vacuoles are storage bins that a cell digs into when what is inside is needed.
Vacuoles are storage bodies for water, minerals, etc. and can be quite large in plant cells.
Vacuoles are storage bubbles found in cells.
Vacuoles are the lysosome functional equivalent in plant cells.
Vacuoles are the storage areas of cells.
Vacuoles are used for storage.
Vacuoles are vesicles.
Vacuoles basically regulate buoyancy.
Vacuoles can also serve as storage compartments for nutrients and metabolites.
Vacuoles can also store waste products.
Vacuoles can digest macromolecules and store both waste products and nutrients.
Vacuoles contain chlorophyll.
Vacuoles contain digestive enzymes.
Vacuoles contain enzymes.
Vacuoles contain food particles.
Vacuoles contain particles.
Vacuoles develop by a gradual accumulation of fat droplets.
Vacuoles digest food.
Vacuoles drift through the cytoplasm and usually carry food molecules in solution.
Vacuoles have (part) corpi.
Vacuoles have the simple structure of a sac, a single membrane surrounding solid or liquid contents.
Vacuoles seen in some cells represent dissolved lipid droplets.
Vacuoles store food and other materials needed by the cell.
Vacuoles take on specific functions with a paramecium cell.
Vacuoles usually account for changes in cell size when the cytoplasmic volume stays constant.
Most vacuoles contain chlorophyll.
Most vacuoles contain digestive enzymes.
Most vacuoles contain enzymes.
Most vacuoles contain food particles.
Most vacuoles contain particles.
Most vacuoles digest food.
Some vacuoles coalesce and form large cysts.
Some vacuoles come in contact.
Some vacuoles contain acid.
Some vacuoles contain electron dense precipitate and tend to fuse.
Some vacuoles contain substances.
Some vacuoles contain water.
Some vacuoles eliminate water.
Some vacuoles expel excess water.
Some vacuoles expel water.
Some vacuoles fill with glycogen.
Some vacuoles fuse with lysosomes.
Some vacuoles fuse with membranes.
Some vacuoles fuse with plasma membranes.
Some vacuoles have specialized functions, and plant cells can have more than one type of vacuole.
Vacuous speech is used in No Comment to bring out the play's central theme of anxiety.
Vacuum aspiration is a very safe procedure.
Vacuum aspiration is an induced abortion
Vacuum aspiration is conducted under supervision.
Vacuum bags are sacks.
Vacuum bags make a difference too.
Vacuum bagging adds one atmosphere of pressure to a system.
Vacuum bagging is the ideal clamping method for laminating a wide range of materials.
Vacuum bagging produces exceptionally strong parts with little, if any, air entrapment.
A vacuum bottle is a flask
Most vacuum bottles have a small mouth, which reduces heat exchange.
Vacuum breaker allows sharp cutoff control to avoid overflow and spillage.
Vacuum breaker allows sharp cutoff to prevent overflow and spillage.
A vacuum chamber is a chamber
Vacuum chamber consists of stackable sections with side entry ports.
Vacuum chambers are chambers.
Vacuum chambers are the work benches for making thousands of products.
Vacuum chambers consist of a base plate and a bell jar housing.
Vacuum chambers cost millions of dollars.
Some vacuum chambers contain carbon.
A vacuum cleaner is a household appliance
Vacuum cleaners are also available.
Vacuum cleaners are available for check out at the reception desk of each residence hall.
Vacuum cleaners are available for student use via the housefellow.
Vacuum cleaners are available in each hall.
Vacuum cleaners are available on a shared basis.
Vacuum cleaners are dust grinders.
Vacuum cleaners are efficient in removing easily dislodged particles.
Vacuum cleaners are inadequate for the job.
Vacuum cleaners are notorious for building up static charges which can fry sensitive components.
Vacuum cleaners are suitable for removing light dust and dirt.
Vacuum cleaners are usually available for check out at the reception desk of each residence hall.
Vacuum cleaners have to be plugged into the wall.
Vacuum cleaners remove dirt and waste material from carpets, rugs, and bare floors.
Vacuum cleaners run briefly.
Vacuum cleaners stir up allergens that have settled on carpet and make allergies worse.
Vacuum cleaners stir up dust and allergens in the air.
Vacuum cleaners work just as well as sprays to remove any visible beetles that are present.
Most vacuum cleaners have the model number printed on the back side or bottom of cleaner.
Vacuum energy can do more, however.
Vacuum energy is the potential energy in an absolute vacuum, devoid of matter or radiation.
Vacuum excavation can provide similar success for any drilling project.
Vacuum extraction is another form of assisted vaginal delivery.
Vacuum extraction is performed with easy delivery and intact perineum.
Vacuum extraction is used in vaginal births.
Vacuum extractors can cause neonatal injury.
Vacuum flasks consist of flasks.
Most vacuum flasks consist of flasks.
Vacuum fluctuation can have many sources.
Vacuum furnaces offer the best surface protection, but usually require longer process cycles.
A vacuum gauge is a gage
Vacuum gauge is easy to read and allows the operator to monitor machine operation.
Vacuum manifold enables microtiter plate-based high throughput protein purification.
Vacuum plates are available separately or with the valve box.
Many vacuum pots have a glass liner which can break.
Most vacuum pots require a gas or electric stove top or separate burner.
A vacuum pump is a pump
Vacuum pumps are common, inexpensive, and slightly better than nothing.
Vacuum pumps are electrically powered apparatus.
Vacuum pumps are oil filled vane type pumps for strong, quick vacuum.
Vacuum pumps are pumps.
Vacuum pumps are used to pump air out of the chamber .
Vacuum pumps are used to pump air out of the chamber.
Vacuum pyrolysis is defined as high-temperature decomposition under reduced pressure.
Vacuum seal is available at an additional charge.
Vacuum sealers are very efficient at air removal from packages.
Vacuum systems are available for attaining the required high vacuum.
Vacuum systems collect dust from all grinding and cutting tools.
Vacuum systems require the operator to loosen the ball and realign it after each hole is drilled.
Vacuum technology is used to remove the humidity from the food, helping to dehydrate the food.
Vacuum toilets are fun too.
Vacuum trucks continue to recover oil.
A vacuum tube is an electronic device
Vacuum tubes are basically like the the spark gap only there is no air in the gap, only a vacuum.
Vacuum tubes are characteristic of first-generation computers.
Vacuum tubes are electrical components.
Vacuum tubes are glass tubes with most of the air removed.
Vacuum tubes are made of glass.
Vacuum tubes are more like light bulbs with wires inside a bottle that's had all the air sucked out.
Vacuum tubes are still the natural choice for high power.
Vacuum tubes are wasteful of energy.
Vacuum tubes can amplify, mix, and separate weak electric currents.
Vacuum tubes do sound better.
Vacuum tubes handle high-frequency signals better than semiconductor components do.
Vacuum tubes have essentially three basic types of emitters.
Vacuum tubes operate primarily with high voltages that control the ion flows.
Some vacuum tubes are part of bridges.
Some vacuum tubes are part of cellphones.
Some vacuum tubes are part of circuits.
Some vacuum tubes are part of clippers.
Some vacuum tubes are part of modems.
Some vacuum tubes are part of phones.
Some vacuum tubes are part of processors.
Some vacuum tubes are part of receivers.
Some vacuum tubes are part of stereos.
Some vacuum tubes are part of telephones.
Some vacuum tubes separate weak electric current.
A vacuum is emptiness
Vacuum approaches zero, thus, the valve fully opens.
Vacuum assist chamber to decrease bake times.
Vacuum carpets after they have dried.
Vacuum carpets carefully and regularly.
Vacuum carpets daily and shampoo every six months.
Vacuum carpets every few days.
Vacuum carpets regularly, and have professionally cleaned as necessary.
Vacuum carpets thoroughly and often.
Vacuum carpets thoroughly before spraying.
Vacuum carpets thoroughly to remove fleas .
Vacuum carpets well before allowing babies and children to crawl and play on floors.
Vacuum check the system with the selected chuck .
Vacuum chips away before they melt.
Vacuum coils behind or underneath refrigerator twice a year.
Vacuum costs money and takes tooling time.
Vacuum crumbs out of food storage areas periodically.
Vacuum esse in mundo, tripliciter quaeri potest.
Vacuum feed through for melt pouring and additions.
Vacuum filter the precipitate, using ether as a wash.
Vacuum filter the sample of salt.
Vacuum filter the slurry and collect solu tion.
Vacuum forming allows the use of relatively low-cost tooling made of epoxy or even wood.
Vacuum forming is a process where a sheet of plastic is heated in a frame until it becomes pliable.
Vacuum forming is also possible.
Vacuum forming is only one variation of sheet thermoforming.
Vacuum forming is quite simple.
Vacuum forming offers design flexibility at reduced tooling costs.
Vacuum furnace and inert atmosphere furnace applications.
Vacuum isa condition.
Vacuum keyboards regularly, using the soft brush attachment.
Vacuum pillows, etc.
Vacuum plating is simplified by eliminating margin masking.
Vacuum plunge to board.
Vacuum prevents air contaminants.
Vacuum pump be oil-less.
Vacuum pump capacity.
Vacuum pump eliminates remixing and inefficient cyclonic reseparations.
Vacuum pump for deairing during mixing.
Vacuum pump oils.
Vacuum pump on.
Vacuum pump outlet and piping are clear.
Vacuum pump running approx.
Vacuum pump service and rebuilding, building water and air service.
Vacuum pump with gauge for applying simulated manifold vacuum to emissions control devices.
Vacuum pumping system provides large gas throughput that provides low operating pressures .
Vacuum pumps and filters control dust created by the operations.
Vacuum pumps available for rental - short term or long term.
Vacuum pumps for a bigger penis.
Vacuum pumps for men serious about penis enlargement .
Vacuum pumps if supplied are warranted by the original manufacturer directly for one year.
Vacuum pumps in laboratory or pilot plant operations.
Vacuum pumpset with single stage rotary vane vacuum pump.
Vacuum register grilles and gently clean the thermostat.
Vacuum remelting can remove calcium and tantalum impurities.
Vacuum remove as much of the solid stain or spot as possible.
Vacuum screens regularly from the inside.
Vacuum snap-back forming employs a male plug attached to an air cylinder's ram.
Vacuum supplies a lot of functionality in the car.
Vacuum tumbling increases the shelf life of fresh product which reduces waste.
Vacuum valve to avoid milk from entering the boiler.
Vacuum valves and dry vacuum pumps.
Vacuum vents on the computer case and all peripherals.
Vacuum vents, radiators and registers.
Vacuums are a lack of anything.
Vacuums are also available.
Vacuums are available at the front desk as well as mops and brooms.
Vacuums are available for check-out at each front desk.
Vacuums are available for residents through the staff.
Vacuums are available in each residence hall.
Vacuums are available to each resident upon request to the resident advisor.
Vacuums are capable of clean carpets.
Vacuums are empty space.
Vacuums are home appliances.
Vacuums are located in closets.
Vacuums are located in containers.
Vacuums are located in garages.
Vacuums are located in orbits.
Vacuums are located in space.
Vacuums are located near outer space.
Vacuums are nothing.
Vacuums are nothings.
Vacuums are regions.
Vacuums are tremendous tools for collecting fleas and cockroach adults and egg casings.
Vacuums are used for clean carpets.
Vacuums are very important to the human race.
Vacuums can actually stir up dust and molds.
Vacuums carpets to clean and control bacteria.
Vacuums exist in degrees.
Vacuums exist in space.
Vacuums have pressure.
Vacuums have to be created.
Vacuums never remain unfilled, and vacuous leadership is soon replaced.
Vacuums produce very few good poets.
Vacuums Save on sewing machine bobbins through Shoppers Rule .
All vacuum producing devices are actually compressors discharging at or near atmospheric pressures.
All vacuum pump oil, synthetic oil, transmission and brake fluids, lubricating greases, etc.
All vacuums produce microscopic particles from the motor itself.
All vacuums tend to leak.
Many vacuums have special attachments for cleaning furniture and walls.
Most vacuums have pressure.
Most vacuums only remove larger dust particles, while kicking up the finer particles.
Some vacuums cause gases.
Some vacuums have a rug-floor selector .
Some vacuums have energy.
Some vacuums increase ability.
Vacuumings are houseworks.
A vagabond is an object
Vagabond describes itself as an Internet content company.
Vagabond opens with the woman's body being discovered in a ditch.
Vagal activity seems to be an important determinant of gastric emptying during hypoglycemia.
Vagal branches innervate esophagus to descending colon including liver, pancreas and gall bladder.
Vagal inhibition is a reflex that occurs when the larynx is suddenly cooled.
Vagal stimulation causes slowing of the sinus node and decreased AV conduction.
Vagal stimulation has no effect on the rate.
Vagal stimulation produces gradual slowing which reverses when pressure is released.
Vagal tone is a measure that reflects central modulation of autonomic function.
Vagal tone protects children from marital conflict.
A vagary is an occurrence
Vagaries are hard to define, totally unexpected, and generally irritating, at the very least.
Vagaries lie behind some of the numbers.
A vagina is a duct
Vagina isa canal.
Vagina isa duct.
Vaginas are ducts.
Vaginas are highly elastic, and most can accommodate almost any size penis.
Vaginas are located in skirts.
Vaginas are near cervixes.
Vaginas are part of vulvae.
Vaginas are really cool, and in the right hands, quite attractive.
Vaginas are wonderful, but the women they belong to are far more wonderful.
Vaginas can talk.
Vaginas have (part) corpi.
Vaginas have functions.
Vaginas have muscular walls.
Vaginas have reproductive functions.
Vaginas have walls.
Most vaginas are near cervixes.
Most vaginas are part of vulvae.
Most vaginas have functions.
Most vaginas have muscular walls.
Most vaginas have reproductive functions.
Most vaginas have walls.
Some vaginas connect cervixes.
Some vaginas end before they reach the uterus.
Some vaginas have components.
Vaginal agenesis is a congenital disorder of the female reproductive tract.
A vaginal artery is an artery
Vaginal artery is small.
Vaginal atrophy involves the drying and thinning of the tissues of the vagina and urethra.
Vaginal atrophy is characterized by changes in a woman's reproductive system.
Vaginal biopsy is positive for squamous cell carcinoma.
A vaginal birth is a birth
Vaginal birth is always preferred, all other things being equal.
Vaginal cancer is rare but still a possibility and needs to be evaluated ever so often.
Vaginal cancer is rare, accounting for only three percent of all gynecologic cancers.
Vaginal cancer is rare.
Most vaginal cancer is metastatic.
Vaginal candidiasis is a common yeast infection of the vagina.
Vaginal candidiasis is a fungal infection common in many women.
Vaginal candidiasis is fairly common.
Vaginal conditions can change over the menstrual cycle.
Vaginal creams containing estrogens are available and can alleviate symptoms.
Vaginal deliveries are usually possible, and the babies are perfectly normal.
Vaginal delivery alters the support in the vagina, especially the anterior wall.
Vaginal delivery is acceptable if there are no visible lesions at the onset of labour.
Vaginal delivery is almost always safe, even with abnormal tests.
Vaginal delivery is appropriate in most cases unless there are contraindications.
Vaginal delivery is considered acceptable if there are no visible lesions at the onset of labor.
Vaginal delivery is generally preferable to cesarean delivery.
Vaginal delivery is often possible, especially when the babies are in the head-down position.
Vaginal delivery is preferred.
Vaginal delivery is safer for the baby and for the mother.
Vaginal delivery is still possible.
Vaginal delivery is the aim and cesarean section is only necessary for obstetric reasons.
Some vaginal deodorants disturb the pH balance of the vaginal area and can result in infection.
Vaginal depth is good, and the patient is reportedly orgasmic.
Vaginal depth is six inches, and the patient is orgasmic.
Vaginal dilators are smooth plastic cylinders in graduated sizes.
Vaginal discharge can be the only manifestation.
Vaginal discharge can mean anything, including the presence of tumors.
Vaginal discharge has appearances.
Vaginal discharge has cottage cheese appearances.
Vaginal discharge includes substances.
Vaginal discharge is caused only by the cervical discharge.
Vaginal discharge is different at different times of the menstrual cycle.
Vaginal discharge is discharge
Vaginal discharge is discharge.
Vaginal discharge is diseases.
Vaginal discharge is dry too.
Vaginal discharge is quite a normal and healthy phenomenon in females to an extent.
Vaginal discharge is the biological fluid secreted from the vagina .
Most vaginal discharge has a distinct smell and is kind of white or off-white color.
Most vaginal discharge has appearances.
Most vaginal discharge has cottage cheese appearances.
Most vaginal discharge includes substances.
Some vaginal discharge is quite common and normal for women of childbearing age.
Some vaginal discharge is quite common for women of childbearing age.
Vaginal dissection is facilitated by saline infiltration.
Vaginal dryness can also cause painful sex.
Vaginal dryness can have a variety of causes.
Vaginal dryness can play a role in the cause of decreased libido.
Vaginal dryness is a major symptom in many women.
Vaginal dryness is a normal phenomenon associated with menopause.
Vaginal dryness is a very common complaint of women, especially as they approach menopause.
Vaginal dryness is accompanied by itching.
Vaginal dryness is also common during and after menopause.
Vaginal dryness is probably a result of the swelling mentioned above.
Vaginal epithelium provide the most accurate evaluation of hormonal effects.
Vaginal estrogen eliminates the problem.
Vaginal exam is emphasized in appropriate major trauma settings.
Vaginal examination reveals limb beside the head.
Vaginal fluid is slippery because of a high content of glycerol.
Vaginal fluids can also transmit the virus.
Vaginal fluids can enter a man's body through the head of the penis.
Vaginal incision is made inside the vagina.
Vaginal infections account for about half of visits to the gynecologist.
Vaginal infections are frequent causes of distress and discomfort.
Vaginal infections are quite common and many over the counter remedies exist.
Vaginal infections are very common and affect most women at some point in their lives.
Vaginal infections can alter cervical mucus changes.
Vaginal infections can and do occur during pregnancy.
Vaginal infections can be uncomfortable but they can be treated effectively.
Most vaginal infections are very distinctive in appearance and symptoms.
Vaginal injury can lead to irritation, discharge, or even bleeding.
Vaginal intercourse can cause pregnancy.
Vaginal intercourse can drive bacteria present on the vulva into the urethra.
Vaginal intercourse is the preferred method of many men.
Vaginal irritation is another possible side effect.
Vaginal irritation is rare and only occurs in a few circumstances.
Vaginal itchiness is also common.
Vaginal lubrication begins first.
Vaginal lubrication decreases during menopause.
Vaginal lubrication decreases.
Vaginal lubrication depends upon stimuli.
Vaginal lubrication does, however, occur.
Vaginal lubrication is a naturally produced fluid that lubricates a woman 's vagina .
Vaginal lubrication is decreased.
Vaginal lubrication takes place along with the engorgement of the outer part of the vagina.
Vaginal mucosa serves as an inductive site for tolerance.
Vaginal mucus is dry or absent.
Vaginal muscle is mostly smooth muscle oriented longitudinally.
Vaginal obstruction is due to the partial reabsorption of the septum.
Vaginal odor ruins romance and fosters much distrust between the sexes.
Vaginal penetration can sometimes space cockcream.
Vaginal recurrence can be difficult to detect.
Vaginal relaxation is the loss of the optimum structural architect of the vagina.
Vaginal resection is therefore commonplace, and practically systematic for large nodules.
Vaginal rings are rings shaped like doughnuts.
Vaginal secretion simulates positive reaction.
Vaginal secretion simulates reaction.
Vaginal secretions are very benign.
Vaginal secretions can contain the virus.
Vaginal secretions change through out the month.
Vaginal secretions maintain a normal, healthy vagina.
Most vaginal secretion simulates positive reaction.
Some vaginal secretion is always present, but the amount tends to increase during pregnancy.
Vaginal sex is penetration of the vagina by the penis.
A vaginal smear is a specimen
Vaginal smear appears to have been tampered with .
Vaginal smears are easy for most veterinary practitioners to do and to interpret fairly reliably.
Vaginal smears are smears.
Vaginal smears are useful for determining the stage of the estrous cycle.
Vaginal smears can determine when a bitch is ready to breed.
Vaginal smears can distinguish between the follicular phase and the luteal phase.
Vaginal sores are herpes.
Vaginal stimulation is similar.
Vaginal strictures are less common but more troublesome.
Vaginal suppositories have the same sperm immobilizing effect.
Vaginal surgery is the usual method of repair.
Vaginal surgery means about two days in hospital and up to four weeks recovery time.
Vaginal thrush is a vaginal infection caused by a fungus or yeast.
Vaginal thrush is another, and all too familiar side effect.
Vaginal tightness is a function of many things.
Vaginal tissue is known to be some of the most highly absorptive tissue in the human body.
Vaginal trauma is the only known risk factor.
Vaginal tumors can block the birth canal and cause problems in child birth.
Vaginal ultrasonography is a useful diagnostic test in all women without an intact hymen.
Vaginal walls can be cloudy, puffy with fluid and covered by a thick, heavy coat of pus.
Most vaginal warts occur without symptoms.
Vaginal wetness is a very unreliable measure of female sexual arousal.
A vaginitis is a symptom
Vaginitis causes soreness and a discharge.
Vaginitis occurs because the ecosystem has been altered.
Vaginitis occurs most frequently during the childbearing years of women.
Vaginitis refers to any inflammation or infection of the vagina.
Vaginitis tends to be much more noticeable to an infected woman, since it often produces symptoms.
Vaginitises are diseases.
Vaginitises are inflammation.
Vaginitis often is caused by infections, which cause distress and discomfort.
Vagrancy laws are much broader than disorderly conduct laws.
Vagrant leaves swirl around in the gusty drafts and bunch up in the eddies.
Some vagrant shrews feed on earthworms.
Vagrant sightings are common throughout the United States, particularly during migration.
A vagrant is a wanderer
Vagrant isa individual.
Vagrant isa person.
Vagrant isa somebody.
Vagrant isa someone.
Vagrant isa traveler.
Vagrant isa traveller.
Vagrants are basically a product of unemployment and their numbers swell during depressions.
Vagrants are capable of smoke cigarettes.
Vagrants are located in bridges.
Vagrants are located in subways.
Vagrants are to be married with caution.
Vagrants are wanderers.
Vagrants are within the realm of possiblity in fall.
Vagrants can occur at any time of year, however they are most common in fall.
Vagrants enter territory.
Vagrants have (part) arms.
Vagrants have (part) body substances.
Vagrants have (part) cell membranes.
Vagrants have (part) cells.
Vagrants have (part) corpi.
Vagrants have (part) cytoplasm.
Vagrants have (part) heads.
Vagrants have (part) human bodies.
Vagrants have (part) legs.
Vagrants have (part) material bodies.
Vagrants have (part) necks.
Vagrants have (part) nuclei.
Vagrants have (part) personality.
Vagrants have (part) plasma membranes.
Vagrants have (part) sections.
Vagrants have (part) vacuoles.
Vagrants make a practice of watching people punch in calling card numbers.
Vagrants make the building their home, neighbors say.
Vagrants occasionally live in the building.
Vagrants occasionally wander into western Zimbabwe.
Vagrants regularly appear in Europe.
Vagrants travel as far west as California .
Most vagrants enter territory.
Some vagrants make life.
Some vagrants provide isolation.
Vague advertisements can spell danger.
Vague answers are of little help.
Vague candidates get vague responses.
Vague comments are usually of little value.
Vague complaints are hard to work on.
Vague contracts provide little, if any, notice.
Vague criticism offends the author and fails to enlighten the reader.
Vague criticisms accomplish nothing and keep the interaction on a charged, emotional level.
Vague definitions invite problems.
Vague descriptions gets vague answers.
Vague dreams are all very well, but concrete visualization becomes highly stressful.
Vague generalities are worthless.
Vague goals are hard to hit.
Vague goals are hard to visualize and even harder to accomplish.
Vague goals are worthless.
Vague goals get vague outcomes.
Vague goals increase uncertainty and increase the probability of misinterpretation.
Vague goals produce vague results.
Vague guidelines spur varied processes.
Vague impressions are what they thrive on.
Vague instructions are a problem on one machine.
Vague language leads to misunderstandings, disputes, and lawsuits.
Vague language replaces specific requirements and policies.
Vague laws offend several important values.
Vague media are impossible to follow.
Vague notions make for vague paintings.
Vague objectives lead to vague evaluation.
Vague plans result in indifferent achievements.
Vague posting can lead to inaccurate advice.
Vague prayer is the death of prayer.
Vague promises are unlikely to win funding or support.
Vague questions can cause the outcomes to be difficult to interpret and measure.
Vague questions lead to vague answers.
Vague recollections emerge.
Vague recollections fail to serve as balm.
Vague regulations leave the system open to abuse.
Vague repentance is nothing, or at least next to nothing.
Vague rules are difficult to comply with and difficult to enforce.
Vague searches can produce thousands of meaningless hits.
Vague searches yield vague results.
Vague specifications are a major problem.
Vague statements tend to be incorrect.
Vague statutes tend to give police and prosecutors more power, which they can use or abuse.
Vague terms have no such mechanism.
Vague testimonials back it up, plus advertising.
Vagueness causes doubts, hesitancy to follow through.
Vagueness helps to distill the generic attributes of the ideas and encourages exploration.
Vagueness hinders it.
Vagueness is a bad thing.
Vagueness is a serious impediment to prosperity.
Vagueness is a tell-tale sign.
Vagueness is essentially a procedural due process concept which is driven by notions of fair play.
Vagueness is quality
Vagueness is unacceptable, particularly in science.
Vagueness leads to flaws in organization.
Vagueness turns everyone off.
Vagueness usually discourages people from bothering with trying to help.
Vaiden soils have an argillic horizon and formed over weathered chalk or calcareous clay.
Vailulu'u volcano is deep underwater at the eastern end of the Samoan islands.
Vain imagination is the name of the game for the duped.
Vain men see reflection.
Most vain men see reflection.
Vain pursuits are dangerous to renewed souls.
Vain repetition has the purpose of teaching how to pray.
Vain repetition is bad.
Some vain Shooting suggest softly the newt yet nobody argued quietly.
Vain thoughts are a sickness, an ulcer, a thorn.
A vainglory is vanity
Vainglory is closely allied.
Vainglory is excessive or ostentatious pride especially in one's achievements.
Vainglory is the death of a true warrior - never forget that.
Vajrasattva meditation is a powerful purification practice.
Valacyclovir hydrochloride is converted to acyclovir.
Valance electrons are the electrons outside the closed shells of an atom.
A valance is a framework
Valance aims, Stoddard fires, and Valance falls over dead.
Valance hides netting when up for a neat appearance.
Valance is a pouf style.
Valance is ruffled and corded.
Valance is single width rod pocket style.
Valance lighting using fluorescent fixtures gives good lighting without a visible source.
Valances can handle the higher cooling loads and dehumidification needs of hot, humid areas.
Valances highlight the windows and compliments the bed and other furnishings.
Valances is a pouf style.
A vale is a depression
Vales are companies.
Vales are valleys.
Vales is second on the club with two game-winning goals on the year.
Vales is tied for second on the club with two game-winning goals on the year.
Vales leads the club with two game-winning goals on the year.
Valedictorian status recognizes superior academic achievement.
A valedictorian is a student
Valedictorians are highly organized.
Valedictorians love to work hard in school, and they relish the resulting rewards and recognition.
A valence electron is an electron
Valence electrons are all that are needed to describe bonding.
Valence electrons are electrons close to the nucleus of the atom.
Valence electrons are electrons involved in the bonding process.
Valence electrons are electrons.
Valence electrons are important in determining how the atom reacts chemically with other atoms.
Valence electrons are important in how a chemical element reacts with other elements .
Valence electrons are important in how a chemical element reacts with other elements.
Valence electrons are involved in the formation or breaking of bonds.
Valence electrons are only outer energy level electrons.
Valence electrons are responsible for the reactivity of an element.
Valence electrons are the electrons present in the outermost shell of an atom.
Valence electrons are the number of electrons of an atom that are involved in a chemical bond.
Valence electrons are the outermost electrons in any atom.
A valence is power
Valence continues to develop new sizes and form factors to fit a variety of emerging opportunities.
Valence is a role-playing game set in the far future.
Valence is how the employee feels about anticipated outcomes.
Valence is the combining power of an atom .
Valence is the next part.
Valence is the value to the individual of various work outcomes.
Valence is to be indicated by superscript plus or minus signs.
Valence isa quality.
Valence refers to the attractiveness or utility of the reward to the individual.
Valence refers to the value with place on the potential outcome.
Valences are power.
Valences spread along valence links, and also along activation links.
Valencia harvest is active for fresh fruit sales with the eliminations going to the juice plants.
Valencia harvest is down to the last of the few large crops.
Valencia oranges are thin skinned and perfect for juicing.
Valencia oranges continue to be harvested.
Valencia oranges have seeds.
Valencia oranges produce the best juice for freezing.
Valencia peanuts are also available, please ask.
Valencia peanuts are medium sized with a rich flavor.
Valencia residents take well-deserved pride in their public schools.
Valencia soils are moderately extensive.
Valencia soils are on flood plains and alluvial fans.
Valencia soils are on slightly higher alluvial fans.
Valencia students do an outstanding job of following school and classroom rules.
Valencia types are coarse, and they have heavy reddish stems and large foliage.
Valencia types are three seeded and smooth , with no constriction between the seeds .
Valencia types are three seeded and smooth, with no constriction between the seeds.
Valencia types have three to six small seeds per pod.
Some Valencian speakers desire separate literatue.
A valentine is a sweetheart
Valentine shows evidence of having been folded, as if for mailing.
Valentine works as a senior human resources assistant in the compensation office.
Valentines are greeting cards.
Valentines are in the air, love is all around.
Valentines are sweethearts.
Valentines come five to a sheet and are each redeemable for a free kids cone.
Valentines Have the children cut out hearts and decorate with paint, glue, glitter.
Valentines presents don t always have to consist of roses, candy, balloons, and stuffed animals.
Many valentines have romantic verses, and others have humorous pictures and sayings.
Valentinian school spreads throughout the Roman Empire.
Valerian root contains numerous substances that act on various structures of the nervous system.
Valerian root grows in damp places throughout Europe, northern Asia, the U.S. and South America.
Valerian root is a natural sedative, anti-anxiety agent and muscle relaxer.
Valerian root is a powerful relaxant and is often taken to help with sleep.
Valerian root is a remedy for mood swings, and irritability.
Valerian root is also good for combating anxiety, high blood pressure, and insomnia.
Valerian root is one of the most studied plants.
Valerian root is the natural basis of benzodiazapan - or valium.
Valerian root is used as a decoction, infusion, fluid extract and tincture.
Valerian root makes getting to sleep easier and increases deep sleep and dreaming.
Valerian root Provides a mild tranquil effect, reduces nervousness.
Valerian root quells insomnia and tension.
Valerian tea relieves anxiety and reinstates a state of calm.
Valerian Way see Roman roads .
A valet parking is a service
Valet parking are services.
Valet parking is a classy touch for special events.
Valet parking is a fancy name for extortion.
Valet parking is a free service to our patients and visitors.
Valet parking is also available at a nominal fee.
Valet parking is also available at our car park.
Valet parking is also available at the hospital's main entrance.
Valet parking is also available at the main entrance of the medical center.
Valet parking is also available by driving to the front of the hospital.
Valet parking is also available for an additional charge.
Valet parking is also available for an additional fee.
Valet parking is also available for the restaurants.
Valet parking is also available on a first come, first serve basis.
Valet parking is also available.
Valet parking is also now available.
Valet parking is approx.
Valet parking is avaible.
Valet parking is available and all major credit cards are accepted.
Valet parking is available and all major credit cards are taken.
Valet parking is available and encouraged.
Valet parking is available and is recommended.
Valet parking is available and often a good idea.
Valet parking is available and the event is black-tie optional.
Valet parking is available as are convenient self-parking facilities.
Valet parking is available as well.
Valet parking is available at a per-day charge.
Valet parking is available at an additional charge.
Valet parking is available at an additional cost.
Valet parking is available at both the hotel and casino entrances.
Valet parking is available at dinner.
Valet parking is available at night.
Valet parking is available at the door.
Valet parking is available at the front entrance.
Valet parking is available at the hotel entrance.
Valet parking is available at the hotel front entrance.
Valet parking is available at the hotel.
Valet parking is available at the hotel's front entrance.
Valet parking is available at the main entrance for a minimal fee.
Valet parking is available at the main entrance of the hospital.
Valet parking is available at the main entrance.
Valet parking is available at the main lobby entrance.
Valet parking is available at the mall's new entrance.
Valet parking is available directly in front of the terminal building.
Valet parking is available during dinner.
Valet parking is available every night.
Valet parking is available for a fee.
Valet parking is available for a nominal charge for some events.
Valet parking is available for a nominal fee.
Valet parking is available for additional cost.
Valet parking is available for an additional charge.
Valet parking is available for dinner.
Valet parking is available for Fast Track business class passengers.
Valet parking is available for lunch and dinner.
Valet parking is available for lunch and lot parking for dinner.
Valet parking is available for most performances.
Valet parking is available for overnight guests only.
Valet parking is available for parking in the Oakland area.
Valet parking is available for the convenience of residents and their guests in most buildings.
Valet parking is available for the restaurant only.
Valet parking is available free of charge to volunteers.
Valet parking is available in front of the main lobby.
Valet parking is available in front of the theatre.
Valet parking is available in the building.
Valet parking is available in the courtyard at both lunch and dinner.
Valet parking is available in the rear.
Valet parking is available in the upstairs parking deck.
Valet parking is available on non-game days.
Valet parking is available on the weekends.
Valet parking is available round the clock.
Valet parking is available upon request.
Valet parking is available weekdays at the hospital's main entrance.
Valet parking is available, along with free lot parking.
Valet parking is available, along with plenty of street parking.
Valet parking is available, and a pay lot is just a few doors down.
Valet parking is available, as is street parking nearby.
Valet parking is available, as is unlimited free parking.
Valet parking is available, but street parking seems to be plentiful.
Valet parking is available.
Valet parking is complimentary.
Valet parking is excluded.
Valet parking is extended to all guests.
Valet parking is free in the underground garage.
Valet parking is free.
Valet parking is generally available at the rear of the building.
Valet parking is handy.
Valet parking is included.
Valet parking is offered for a fee.
Valet parking is offered in the evening.
Valet parking is offered on weekends, but ample street parking is usually available.
Valet parking is offered.
Valet parking is on immediate left.
Valet parking is on the left.
Valet parking is optional.
Valet parking is provided and a sumptuous Italian restaurant resides at the rooftop level.
Valet parking is provided for large groups.
Valet parking is provided free of charge for the patient the day of surgery.
Valet parking is provided free to handicapped persons and patients.
Valet parking is provided.
Valet parking is recommended and just part of the great service.
Valet parking is recommended.
Valet parking is slow, but never mind.
Valet parking is straight ahead.
Valet parking is two bucks.
Valet parking's a nice touch for inclement weather.
Valet service is also available at a charge.
Valet service is also available.
Valet service is available at the parking lot and pro shop.
Valet service is available.
Valet service is much less efficient than having parents and visitors park their own cars.
Valet service offers laundry and dry cleaning.
Valet services are available.
A valet is a servant
Valets hurry to park a line of elegant cars.
Some valgus position is well tolerated.
Valiant knights become prison guards.
Some valiant soldiers try to man the guns but are driven back by the shore batteries.
Valid address Have a nice day.
Valid algorithms are the same as for the .B chattr utility.
Many valid approaches are possible.
Valid arguments are mdy, dmy, ymd, ydm, myd, dym.
Valid arguments are standalone or inetd.
Valid arguments exist for both.
Valid arguments have two basic forms.
All valid arguments are sound.
Every valid argument has a true conclusion.
Some valid arguments have false conclusions.
Valid assessment is complex and difficult.
Valid assessment measures what it is supposed to measure.
Valid attributes are as follows.
Valid authentication is required for all online resources.
Valid blocks are light gray, invalid ones are dark gray.
All valid cancellations require a cancellation code.
Valid cells can also carry errors.
Valid characters are alphabets, space, period, hyphen and under score.
Valid characters are letters and spaces.
Valid clef ranges extend two ledger lines above and below the staff.
Valid combinations produce failure if the value overflows.
Any valid command is processed and action taken.
Valid complaints result in written notification to the property owner.
All valid concepts are empirical in nature, and thus dependent upon experience for their existence.
Valid conclusions lead to discoveries, which lead to improvements in medical care.
Valid consent is that which is freely and voluntarily given.
Valid content breeds rich community.
Valid criteria can be qualitative.
All valid data are there- fore local and specific.
Valid deduction is necessarily truth preserving .
Every valid document is also well-formed.
Valid documentation is required.
Valid drivers lic.
Valid drivers liscese.
Valid elements are text, textarea, password, and hidden fields.
Valid emotions are simply the byproduct, the result, of faith and obedience.
Valid entries are eligible for points, and promotional giveaways .
Every valid entry wins.
Valid evidence is truthful evidence.
Valid excuses are critical medical emergencies only.
Valid excuses are very serious illness, death in the family, religious holiday, etc.
Valid faith is never passive.
Valid files are velocity, equilibrium, absorbance and interference scans.
Valid formats are omf and coff .
Any valid formula comprised of element symbols and numbers is acceptable.
Valid gift is predicate to survivorship rights if one tenant pays all the consideration.
Valid identification is needed to borrow all microforms.
Valid identification is required .
Valid identification is required by the recipient upon arrival.
Valid identification is required for all transactions.
Valid identification is required to pick up equipment.
Valid identification is required to process passport application.
Valid identification is required.
Valid identification showing name and current address is required.
Valid identification showing name and current Oak Ridge address is required.
Valid information is an accurate representation of what it purports to measure.
Valid information is critical for clinical and preventive medicine.
Valid information is more likely to have a contact person included.
Valid input includes names, department names or phone numbers.
Valid inputs occur in the gray area.
Valid insights are never altogether new.
Valid interval depends on the model.
Valid links are either with the logo shown or text as described below.
Valid material includes the labs, quizzes, lecture notes, lectures, and lab demos.
Any valid material is worthwhile.
Valid moves are a letter for the column and a number for the row of an empty board location.
Every valid move consists of at least one jump.
Valid nominations remain in force for a three-year period.
Valid options are batchb , batchf , or batchs .
Valid options are low , regular , debug , or premium .
Valid options are low , regular , or premium .
Valid options are none or the name of an xdmcp host.
Valid options are none, square, horizontal, and vertical .
Valid options are tile and scale .
Valid options are 'Y' or 'N'.
Valid options depend on the installed options.
Every valid order is informed by reason and objectivity.
Any valid output is correct.
Some valid parallels emerge based on demographic, economic, and social components.
Valid parameters are absolute , relative , and static .
Valid parameters are database, host, port, docid, and type.
Valid parameters are nosep and tabsep .
Valid parameters are nosep and tabsep.
Valid parameters are numeric lower and upper bounds.
Valid passport is required.
Valid passports are all that is needed to enter Ecuador as a tourist.
Valid passports are necessary for identification purposes only.
Valid passwords are at least six characters long.
Valid patterns are the same as described for the clear command above.
Valid positions are the symbols top , bottom , left and right .
Valid prescription is required.
Valid proof is a copy of the marriage certificate.
Valid proof is a recorded copy of the birth certificate.
Valid properties are transitive , written , symmetrical , written and functional , written .
Valid protocols are tcp, udp, icmp, or all.
Valid range is true and false .
Valid realms are dartmouth.edu or hitchcock.org.
Valid reasons exist for concern.
Valid requests result in data being sent by the server.
Valid research is based on replicable testing.
Valid research is critical.
Valid results are sometimes elusive.
Valid results can only result from competent work in a moral environment.
Valid rubrics help teachers distinguish the characteristics of a quality performance.
Valid science enables both scientists and members of the judicial system to deliver better justice.
Valid selections generalize to the larger populations.
Valid settings are 'html' or 'fo'.
Every valid solution is somewhere in the search tree.
Valid styles are plain, bold, italic and bolditalic.
Valid styles are solid , dash , doubledash .
Valid tags are the same as with the include command.
Valid target is in red.
Valid target is in white.
Valid tests exist only under certain circumstances.
Valid tests take years to construct.
Valid tickets are multiple layer paper with a bit of color in the middle.
Valid time is indicated at the top of the map, and is in Greenwich Mean Time.
Valid time is the time when a fact is effective in reality.
Valid titles are series titles , uniform titles , and name-title entries.
Valid touch produces a white light.
Valid types are change , info , notice , nerror , ferror , warning , debug , and all .
Valid types are date, thread, author, and subject.
Valid types are extents, bufpos, malloc, gc, typecheck.
Valid types are text, image, audio, video, applications, multipart and message.
Valid types are text, password, checkbox, radio, submit, reset, file, hidden, image, and button.
All valid users can access the directory.
Any valid user can browse the database.
Any valid user can enter or modify a problem report.
Any valid user can enter or modify a problem solution.
Valid vales are true and false .
Valid values are all numbers from HWTextScroll.
Valid values are any character string.
Valid values are any whole number followed by either months, years, or editions.
Valid values are as follows.
Valid values are as given in the above list of paper-sizes.
Valid values are atm , tok , ent , fddi , and generic .
Valid values are browser specific.
Valid values are cell , column or row .
Valid values are counter, clock, or date.
Valid values are different for different commands.
Valid values are dot, box, triangle, diamond, star, cross, circle, or square .
Valid values are GridBagConstraint.
Valid values are GridBagConstraints.
Valid values are integers or decimal numbers to tenths precision.
Valid values are 'left', 'right', 'top', or 'bottom'.
Valid values are length and percentages.
Valid values are 'none', 'bias', 'thermal', 'bias only', 'thermal only'.
Valid values are on , append , or off .
Valid values are On and Off .
Valid values are one and two.
Valid values are primary, secondary, unknown or a numeric ordering.
Valid values are Q for quantity based and D for dollar based.
Valid values are 'show', 'hide', or 'auto'.
Valid values are slow, medium, and fast.
Valid values are sparc and intel and they determine the byte order for output files.
Valid values are subscribe and unsubscribe .
Valid values are the type of transaction inquiry.
Valid values are u for explicit checkpointing by the user and s for system checkpointing.
Valid values are yes or no.
Valid values are yes, no, and auto.
Valid values are.
Valid values check on a character variable.
Valid values check on a numeric variable.
Valid values is spmd or mpmd.
Valid visas are also compulsory.
Valid votes are, for or against.
Valid weapons are toy guns that shoot either plastic darts, discs, pellets, or ping pong balls.
Valid words are four letters or longer .
Validate system controls such as error file handling or duplicate entry processing.
Validate vendor claims about the numerical performance of their processor.
Validate vendor quotes to be sure they meet the specifications.
Validated data is sent from institutional databases to a central database.
Validated design guides with supporting engineering software.
Validated employers access the resume database to search for potential job candidates.
Validated employers can access the resume database to search for potential job candidates.
Validated entry assures that trainees provide complete and accurate data.
Validated markers are ready to use.
Validated methods are a better choice for compliance sampling.
Validated parking is also available.
Validated parking is available at the facility.
Validated parking is available for lunch and dinner.
Validated parking is available for lunch.
Validated parking is available in the second parking lot on left.
Validated parking is available within easy walking distance of our offices.
Validated parking is available.
Validated parking is provided.
Validated science states that a hypothesis is true once tested and clearly demonstrated.
Most validated tools have a good, broad level of applicability.
Validation rules check the logic of survey responses and the accuracy of the entered data.
A validation is a finding
Validation accelerates electronic payment and promotes a paper-free environment.
Validation controls work with a limited subset of HTML and Web server controls.
Validation helps prevent an incomplete form from being submitted.
Validation occurs by a rigorous and often subjective examination of the nurse's documentation.
Validation primarily helps to ensure that clinics are being careful to submit accurate data.
Validation tests to evaluate the effectiveness of the solution.
Validation uncovers deficiencies in our prototypes and our ideas.
Validations are determination.
Any validation has to be performed on an ad hoc basis.
More validation is required to establish that the new method is rendering a more accurate analysis .
More validations mean more revenue.
Validity can be internal or external.
Validity checks for all numeric fields.
Validity concerns the design of lexical classifiers and the interpretation of results.
Validity concerns the extent to which data measures what it is intended to measure.
Validity constructs and considerations of the self esteem of young children.
Validity corresponds to the public domain risk.
Validity depends heavily on the categorization process.
Validity describes the extent to which an instrument accurately measures the phenomena of interest.
Validity does imply reliability.
Validity does involve evaluative judgment.
Validity end Enter the contract's expiration date.
Validity end Enter the end date of the scheduling agreement.
Validity end Enter the end date of the validity period for the outline agreement if applicable.
Validity end To change the contract's expiration date, enter the new expiration date.
Validity end To change the proposed end date of the contract, enter the new date.
Validity implies correctness and usefulness.
Validity includes reliability, which is the extent to which the measure is low in random error.
Validity inferences from interobserver agreement.
Validity involves an overall evaluative judgment.
Validity is a complex concept.
Validity is a credibility of the instrument to measure the phenomena.
Validity is a date range.
Validity is a factor that is more difficult to control.
Validity is a hypothetical notion.
Validity is a matter of degree.
Validity is a measure of how well the measure measures what it sets out to measure.
Validity is a property of the argument's form.
Validity is a relation between the premises and conclusion.
Validity is a unitary concept, but is established through the use of many types of evidence.
Validity is a unitary concept.
Validity is all.
Validity is always an important question in the development of a measuring instrument.
Validity is believability
Validity is contextual.
Validity is deficient to non-existent in wind tunnel testing of scaled down architectural models.
Validity is evaluated by the extent to which the instrument measures what it purports to measure.
Validity is how the interview is relevant to the job being applied for.
Validity is independent of the actual truth or falsity of the premises and the conclusion.
Validity is independent of the truth of the premises and vice-versa.
Validity is legality.
Validity is local because a test and a task correlate.
Validity is more critical to measurement than is reliability.
Validity is one fundamental requirement to assure a system's quality.
Validity is one of the most important concepts in survey research.
Validity is situations.
Validity is truth-preserving.
Validity is whether the study really demonstrates what it is supposed to demonstrate.
Validity mask . . . . . . . . . .
Validity measures the appropriateness of inferences for a test.
Validity measures the attribute accuracy of the database.
Validity needs to be built in to the design of the monitoring process.
Validity refers to accuracy.
Validity refers to how well the technique measures what it claims to measure.
Validity refers to the accuracy with which an assessment measures what it is intended to measure.
Validity refers to the appropriateness of the interpretaton of results.
Validity refers to the degree to which a measure or scale truly reflects the phenomenon under study.
Validity refers to the degree to which an assessment or test measures what it claims to measure.
Validity refers to the extent the research has measured what it was intended to measure.
Validity refers to the extent to which a test measures what it is intended to measure.
Validity refers to the extent to which the study measured what it was supposed to.
Validity refers to the quality of the components in the performance appraisal system.
Validity refers to the test taking.
Validity refers to whether a test actually measures what it purports to measure.
Validity refers to whether a test measures what it claims to measure.
Validity relates to the appropriateness of the interpretation of the results.
Validity relates to the truthfulness of the data.
Validity searches that determine the legality of an issued patent.
Validity sets standards to which a person can judge research.
Validity start Enter the start date of the validity period for the outline agreement if applicable.
Validity start To change the contract's starting date, enter the new date.
Validity start To change the proposed start date of the contract, enter the new date.
Validity study for a measure.
Many validity claims vie for good faith hearings.
Vallate papillae are the largest type, easily visible with the naked eye in most animals.
Valley cities get first priority, with the remainder going to farmers for irrigation.
Valley City is a small semi-rural community that is rapidly growing.
Valley companies excel at the early, often muddy stages of a business.
Valley companies seem to be following that logic, experts say.
A valley fever is mycosis
Valley fever is an illness caused by a fungus called coccidiomycosis.
Some valley fevers cause death.
Valley floor races up.
Valley floors are very narrow and hydrologically connected to the adjacent hillslopes.
Valley glaciers bite deeply into the rugged, mountainous coun- try in which they are formed.
Valley glaciers form in the mountain peaks and can flow downward and outward through the valleys.
Valley networks are believed to have been caused by rain, and water flowing under ice.
Valley networks are common, and they drained toward the north and northwest.
Most valley networks are no wider than a few km.
Valley oak has a number of strategies which enable it to survive fire.
Valley oak is white oak
Valley oak is wind pollinated.
Valley oaks drop their acorns.
Valley oaks have a highly branched growth habit.
Valley pocket gophers eat plants.
Valley pocket gophers eat roots.
Valley Township has three parks with basketball courts and playground equipment.
Valley winds snap orange prayer flags.
A valley is a depression
Valley becomes a long, narrow sea.
Valley changes to broad glacial floodplain.
Valley comes out the aggressor.
Valley consistently passes the quality control checks without a hitch.
Valley continues to fall behind state in preparing students for college.
Valley continues to offer a number of recreational and cultural opportunities to the community.
Valley fills at mountaintop removal mines increase storm runoff.
Valley fills in at the mouth.
Valley fills with smoke as people clear patches for planting.
Valley fold a strip to match the rear as closely as possible.
Valley fold along a diagonal and unfold.
Valley fold along a diagonal.
Valley fold along the mid-line of the original paper.
Valley fold diagonally.
Valley fold down both front flaps to the center line.
Valley fold edges of the spout inwards, then valley fold the bottom flap of upwards.
Valley fold in half, and unfold.
Valley fold in half.
Valley fold lengthwise in both directions.
Valley fold right section.
Valley fold the bottom edge up, about twice as far as the right edge was folded in.
Valley fold the bottom flap upwards.
Valley fold the corners as indicated.
Valley fold the corners to the sides to form the collar.
Valley fold the door hinge.
Valley fold the ear flap along the free part of the jowl.
Valley fold the edge perpendicular to the rest of the paper.
Valley fold the extra triangles on the bottom half.
Valley fold the flap down.
Valley fold the frame.
Valley fold the front flap downwards.
Valley fold the long edge of the flap to the centerline.
Valley fold the near layer horizontally at the top of the hidden roof.
Valley fold the near layer upwards at the intersection of the new creases.
Valley fold the new flap in half.
Valley fold the paper in half.
Valley fold the sides exactly to the center.
Valley fold the sides to center so they overlap by approximately a millimeter.
Valley fold the spout inwards.
Valley fold the tip down on the existing crease.
Valley fold the tip of one flap to the top of the model.
Valley fold the top down.
Valley fold the top flap of the spout on the left.
Valley fold the white edge in, and tuck into the pocket.
Valley fold through all layers on the new crease.
Valley fold up as far as possible.
Valley has access to all the major types of commercial carriers within a reasonable distance.
Valley has several first rate movie theatres.
Valley hopes to have a web page set up soon.
Valley is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Ohio.
Valley is a great spot.
Valley is a strong and stable financial entity in northern New Jersey.
Valley is actually a bottom of the sea that dried along time ago.
Valley is an involved gathering of individuals and families.
Valley is fortunate in that it has had strong goalkeeping in the last three seasons.
Valley is known for some of the most fertile lands in the world.
Valley is proud to offer a complete wellness program which encompasses diet and exercise.
Valley is small enough to know everyone.
Valley is the greatest place to grow up and the best place to raise a family.
Valley isa formation.
Valley natives no doubt feel the quality of life they've always enjoyed slipping away.
Valley needs input into equipment purchases.
Valley offers elbow room to dairy operators squeezed out by encroaching development.
Valley offers splendid accommodations to both the business traveler and vacationers.
Valley provides a broad range of health-care services.
Valley provides Stamp in string across none diamond router bits once sung out an cigarette.
Valley provides Stamp in string across none dynasty hot tub spas once sung out an cigarette.
Valley provides Stamp in string across none porch lamps once sung out an cigarette.
Valley provides Stamp in string across none power strip outlets once sung out an cigarette.
Valley provides Stamp in string across none power tool parts once sung out an cigarette.
Valley provides Stamp in string across none power tool repair once sung out an cigarette.
Valley provides Stamp in string across none shelving units once sung out an cigarette.
Valley rates a little square, plus one photo.
Valley sells meals and catering services to customers in Northern Ohio.
Valley specializes in close tolerance, nickel alloy, titanium and stainless steel tubing.
Valley uses use heat and infrared cameras to search for flaws.
Valley widening primarily occurs by mass wasting.
Valleys also require flashing.
Valleys are also suitable for the production of coffee, beans and other crops.
Valleys are common when using sigmoids.
Valleys are dark, and humps are lighter in color.
Valleys are deep, glacially eroded troughs, with gentle slopes restricted to valley floors.
Valleys are depressions.
Valleys are distinctly U-shaped and their bottoms have lateral, medial, and terminal moraines.
Valleys are good place for the population of people and the floor is good for farming.
Valleys are joints that have a downward slope.
Valleys are located in continents.
Valleys are located in mountainous areas.
Valleys are located in mountainous regions.
Valleys are lows.
Valleys are narrow and flat-bottomed.
Valleys are narrow and have steep gradients, especially in the upper reaches.
Valleys are narrow and steep sided and have steep gradients.
Valleys are narrow to broad and have gently sloping to steep walls and smooth to undulating floors.
Valleys are narrow, with steep sides and gradients.
Valleys are one of the most common landforms on the surface of the planet.
Valleys are places.
Valleys are stadiums.
Valleys are tall, mountains are flat, Every dog living there thinks it's a cat.
Valleys are used for rivers.
Valleys are used for water runoff.
Valleys are usually in a U-shaped form.
Valleys are usually narrow with broad flood plains and terraces, and hilly dissected plains.
Valleys become deeper and wider.
Valleys become visible in all cardinal directions and birds fly at the level of feet.
Valleys can be broad or narrow.
Valleys can trap heavier, colder air streams.
Valleys contain roads.
Valleys exist because active erosion is taking place.
Valleys fill with white flows and waterfalls change to stable curtains of ice.
Valleys grow, but they are also small.
Valleys have dampness and humidity, lizards and snakes and insects galore.
Valleys lead upward.
Valleys produced by rough honing remain after finish honing removes the peaks.
Valleys support a maquis type of vegetation.
Valleys often start as a downward fold between two upward folds in the surface of the Earth.
All valleys are at times exposed to similar occurances, especially such as contain stagnant lakes.
All valleys are similar in shape.
Every valley glows with pain.
Many valleys are ice-sculptured weak zones along faults.
Most valleys contain roads.
Some valleys appear conspicuously dark, perhaps because of cold-air drainage from uplands.
Some valleys appear to have rivers .
Some valleys appear to have rivers.
Some valleys are almost flat, like a large saucer.
Some valleys are deeper or wider than others, but there is always the other side.
Some valleys are fairly narrow, with nowhere for water to spread out.
Some valleys are made by glaciers which are slow-moving rivers of ice.
Some valleys contain density.
Some valleys contain exposure.
Some valleys have few spots.
Some valleys have great spots.
Some valleys have spots.
Some valleys look like river valleys on earth.
Some valleys provide shelter.
Valois soils are typically on complex slopes characteristic of end or lateral moraines.
A valor is courage
Valor agrees as it was the only alternative to the predicament and many disagreements.
Valor consists in the power of self recovery.
Valor defies danger.
Valor helps balance electrical energies within the body, giving courage, confidence and self-esteem.
Valor holds good promise for control of a number of troublesome weeds.
Valor is courage, the opposite of fear.
Valor is the quiet conviction that upholds noble causes.
Valor is the subrogation of self to the needs of others.
Valor knows about it immediately because everything is hooked up to alarm systems.
Valor lives for water and is bold both in rivers and in muddy bottomed ponds.
Valor offers competitive salary and benefit packages.
Valor takes many forms in peace and in war.
A valour is courage
Valour becomes valor and vapour becomes vapor.
Valour thus implies fear as well as courage.
Valparaiso students are mostly from the region, more suburban and small-town than urban.
Valproic acid can cause false results in urine tests for ketones.
Valproic acid is an antiepileptic drug
A valsartan is an inhibitor
Valsartan reduces blood pressure.
A valse is a ballroom dance
Valses are songs about life and love, joy and sadness.
Valses pour le piano, op.
Valuable abstracts are searchable using optional indexing feature provided in the companion reader.
All valuable activities deserve to be rewarded.
Valuable advice is only a letter or phone call away.
Valuable advice is provided on how to distill weekly lecture notes into a meaningful study guide.
More valuable airplanes mean more expensive repair bills.
Valuable ammunition is used up.
Valuable appendices cover making prototypes, obtaining patents, and raising funds.
Valuable appendices cover making prototypes, patents, and raising funds.
Valuable assets lead to success.
Most valuable assets lead to success.
Valuable benefits come from valuable programs.
Valuable bibliography follows each entry.
Valuable bibliography includes extensive journal citations.
Valuable collections are sometimes at risk of being discarded or lost.
Valuable commissions are available.
Valuable compromise involves trade-offs among competing principles.
Valuable content can be in many forms and flavors.
Valuable content is defined as useful and informative content to online viewers.
Many valuable contributions come from public servants.
Valuable conversations take place between peers.
Many valuable crops benefit from insect pollination.
Valuable data is collected for monitoring the status of stocks in the bay.
Valuable data is to be stored separately from the equipment.
Valuable diagrams are given on the prevalence of different groups during past epochs.
Valuable diamond disappears in seconds when the lights go out in a room.
Valuable door prizes in membership drawing.
Valuable editors are the ones who really respond differently each time.
Valuable employees are more likely to be attracted and committed to a job that offers good benefits.
Valuable employees refuse to be thrown into the same resource bucket as pencils and computers.
Most valuable employee gets crippling headaches when exposed to fragrances of different sorts.
Valuable equipment is damaged and seats, beds and bedding become damp, smell musty and mould forms.
Valuable evidence can include blindfolds, bullets, and bonds that indicate how a victim was killed.
Valuable experience is gained in the field exercise.
Valuable experience is gained in the field exercises.
Valuable experience is gained through internships, fellowships, and community service opportunities.
Valuable experiences mean more to our customers than ever before.
Much valuable info flows through the discussions here.
Valuable information appears in the box in the top right corner.
Valuable information guides the surgery and minimizes how many nodes are removed.
Valuable information is available through the menu on the left.
Valuable information is communicated informally in such an environment.
Valuable information is contained in the first few pages.
Valuable information is gathered and shared through telemarketing.
Valuable information is included on marketing, packaging and doing business.
Valuable information is just a phone call away.
Valuable information is obtained also from the time dependence of emission processes.
Valuable information is shared quickly and reliably.
Much valuable information is already avilable online.
Much valuable information is left in plain view during the work day and after hours.
Some valuable information is already on the bottle.
Valuable insight aids effort.
Valuable insight is provided to members through visits from guest speakers.
Valuable insights arise also from the comparison of the two neighboring countries.
Valuable items are the shoplifter s favorite marks, and therefore deserve special treatment.
Valuable judgments come from the individuals of rich- est identifications.
Valuable knowledge is created elsewhere in society too.
More valuable knowledge comes from learning outside the classroom.
Much valuable knowledge is available from first years crop.
Valuable land is contaminated and unusable for years to come, and out precious resources are lost.
Many valuable lessons go on outside of class, on and around campus.
Valuable links follow article.
Much valuable material is available although it takes a road map to find it.
Valuable meetings can be impromptu.
Valuable mentors come in all shapes and sizes, from all walks of life, and at all ages.
Most valuable models are the ones made of turtle test, elephant ivory, valuable sorts of trees.
Valuable oil is consumed.
Valuable partnerships provide a win-win situation for our business partners and clients.
Valuable prizes await.
Valuable property is preserved for future needs.
Valuable publications are also available.
Valuable raffle prizes drawn at the end of the tournament.
Some valuable references are available for practitioners doing their own assessments.
Valuable relationships go beyond business.
Valuable repetition is a snap.
Valuable research is also advanced through fund raising.
Valuable research is conducted in both in South Africa and various other African states.
Valuable research is that which is applied.
Valuable resource provides links to accounting journals, associations and CPA firms worldwide.
Valuable resources are limited and internal expertise is scarce.
Many valuable resources are available to assist in implementing a True Love Waits program.
Many valuable resources are found, including gold, diamonds, and iron ore.
Many valuable resources exist in paper form only.
Some valuable resources provide benefits.
Some valuable resources provide many benefits.
Valuable samples are dutiable unless intended for temporary use and subsequent re-exportation.
Valuable samples have special analysis requirements.
Many valuable services are available for job seekers.
Some valuable services provide biospheres.
Some valuable services provide healthy biospheres.
Valuable tables give strain distribution patterns of alleles in recombinant inbred strains.
Many valuable things are.
Valuable timber trees produce edible nuts.
Valuable timber trees produce nuts.
Valuable time is lost by the entire class.
Valuable time is lost in completing medico- legal formalities.
Valuable time is lost searching and negotiating with vendors, and risks are taken.
Valuable time is lost while sitting in a roadblock.
Valuable time is saved and many data entry errors are eliminated.
Valuable time is saved by eliminating lengthy trips to the signature card and customer loan files.
Valuable time is saved if all elements of the game are first designed on paper.
Valuable time is saved when emergency services know which entrance is closest to the victim or fire.
Valuable time is wasted and resources are used up.
Valuable time is wasted talking to non-decision makers.
Valuable time is wasted when one tries to learn from one's own experience.
Much valuable time is devoted to the sorting and selection process.
Much valuable time is wasted trying to convince, one another of whose parents are most desirable.
Valuable Tips Sign up for newsletter and get a free gift.
Some valuable tools help doctors.
Some valuable tools help newcomers.
Valuable traits are their form, color, texture, and motion in the garden.
Valuable uses are endless.
Valuable work is already well underway on a number of fronts.
A valuable is treasure
Valuables can vanish in just a moment.
Valuation theory is introduced along with the relation between prime ideals and discrete valuations.
A valuation is an assessment
Valuation also requires a commitment to accuracy that can make a critical difference in the outcome.
Valuation can be a function of asset value, cash flow, or free cash-flow multiples.
Valuation can be a make or break proposition.
Valuation can be difficult and time-consuming.
Valuation generally decreases with greater capital structure complexity.
Valuation has relevance at the time shares are sold in the company.
Valuation invariably compares one thing or condition with another thing or condition.
Valuation is a bit of an art.
Valuation is a fascinating subject because, like beauty, value is in the perception of the beholder.
Valuation is a joke.
Valuation is a key element in strategic and market analysis.
Valuation is a serious business.
Valuation is a skilled job and nobody can be always right.
Valuation is a subjective ranking of the relative importance of different categories.
Valuation is a useful tool in developing a business plan.
Valuation is a value judgment expressive of a difference in value.
Valuation is a very significant factor in market pricing, in investor expectations, etc.
Valuation is according to market values.
Valuation is also a function of the financing terms.
Valuation is always in the eye of the beholder.
Valuation is an art rather than a science.
Valuation is as much an art as a science.
Valuation is at a personal collection replacement value.
Valuation is based on the application of sound, workable appraisal guidelines.
Valuation is calculated by the City of Austin.
Valuation is carried out according to market value.
Valuation is carrier liability and is usually based on weight.
Valuation is de facto behind any purchase decision one makes.
Valuation is determined at the time the property is stolen.
Valuation is determined by value methodology, and quantity is determined by physical measurement.
Valuation is frequently a point of contention.
Valuation is important.
Valuation is in IR .
Valuation is like any other intellectual property asset.
Valuation is one of the last lessons.
Valuation is only part of the investing equation, and too complex to be fully discussed here.
Valuation is required for several other purposes.
Valuation is the key.
Valuation is the means by which a conscious purposeful individual assesses given facts of reality.
Valuation is the most difficult issue with regard to business interests.
Valuation is the process used to determine how much the diamonds are worth for taxation purposes.
Valuation is the responsibility of the donor.
Valuation is the term for the anticipated market value of the proposed construction project.
Valuation is usually at market price, net of discounts, rebates, returns and allowances.
Valuation is very attractive.
Valuation is very subjective, because there's many variables involved.
Valuation is work, it is crucial and it can be difficult.
Valuation occurs when a person chooses between option a and option b .
Valuation ofbusinesses, securities, intellectual property.
Valuation refers to the price to buy the entire company.
Valuation refers to the process of determining the value in money of specified property.
Valuation requires extensive knowledge of finance, accounting, economics and business.
Valuation requires judgment.
Valuation ultimately comes down to a company's earning potential.
Valuations also have a tax implication, particularly in transnational operations.
Valuations also play a vital role as the rise in small business mergers and acquisitions continues.
Valuations are actually a bit better now.
Valuations are also available from appraisers.
Valuations are approximations of real value.
Valuations are close to nine- year highs.
Valuations are comparable.
Valuations are critical tools in business and financial planning and for tax and legal uses.
Valuations are finally back in line.
Valuations are low, but the selling continues as participants seek to sell no matter what.
Valuations are much lower.
Valuations are now reasonable and expectations far more restrained.
Valuations are only one of many guides available to councils.
Valuations are prices.
Valuations are private information.
Valuations are quite low.
Valuations are sometimes necessary to achieve fairness to the parties involved in dissolution cases.
Valuations are spectacular.
Valuations are still attractive on a global perspective.
Valuations are very favorable.
Valuations are, however, only one area of possible fraud in the Internet world.
Valuations are, however, only one area of possible frauds in the Internet world.
Valuations change too, and they cause changes in demand and production.
Valuations Check out the worth of each property here.
Valuations come in all shapes and sizes.
Valuations come up for discussion, too.
Valuations done by the assessor reflect what's actually happening in the market.
Valuations have to be different.
Valuations jump at the speed of light.
Valuations now are still incredibly high.
Valuations occur every two years.
Valuations place it squarely in the growth camp.
Valuations play a critical role in any deal.
Valuations seem to have pole-vaulted every time the company has decided to dilute equity.
Valuations tend to have a very predictable cycle.
Valuations typically determine the fair market value of a company.
Valuation always matters.
Any valuation comes down to sales growth.
Many valuations have nowhere to go but down.
Some valuations list only polls, real property, and personal property for each individual.
A valuator is a judge
Valuators can use several methods to determine the value.
Value analysis involves choosing a source of supply.
Value analysis is also a subject covered in many business administration texts.
Value analysis Learn about value betting.
Value chains are self-reinforcing mechanisms.
Value chains stretch back to the beginnings of civilization, by definition in fact.
Value City is a discounter based in Columbus, Ohio.
Value creation is increasingly external .
Value creation is management's job.
Value creation is organic to a growing and profitable business.
Value creation is the new great game.
Value creation needs constructive, creative and design thinking.
Value date is the settlement date.
Value dates are only available two months from arrival.
Value debate is similar with the thrust less on research and more on logic.
Value engineering becomes a valuable tool for lowering costs during the design phase.
Value engineering has great potential in hazardous, toxic, radiological waste remediation.
Value engineering is a continual process.
Value engineering is an integral part of our long-term partnerships.
Value engineering is another option.
Value engineering is essentially a process which uses function cost analysis to reduce cost.
Value engineering is introduced.
Value engineering means all space can be utilized.
Value field contains the value.
Value investing involves a lot of analysis of the fundamentals prior to making a buy decision.
Value investing is a very real alternative to the agonizing volatility of investing in bubbles.
Value investing is as valid a proposition as it has always been.
Value investing is back and here to stay.
Value investing is just one of many valid investment approaches.
Value investing is low-tech and out of fashion.
Value investing is obsolete .
Value investing is our asset management philosophy and our passion.
Value investing is usually more conservative.
Value investing requires discipline and time.
Value investing wins one year, gangbuster growth the next.
Value investors are bargain hunters.
Value investors fish around in that new low list.
Value investors fish for single companies, focusing on old-fashioned notions like assets and cash.
Value investors focus on the worth of a company's assets in assessing investment opportunities.
Value investors rely on exactly the opposite approach.
Value investors seem to always be going in the opposite direction of the rest of the crowd.
Value investors tend to be more conservative.
Value investors tend to look for bargains in the stock market.
Value investors tend to place a premium on avoiding losses.
Value investors use different criteria to screen out expensive companies.
Value investors use scans that try to find weak stocks that are showing signs of a turnaround.
Many value investors see the extraordinary high multiples of Internet stocks.
Value iteration converges to form a regular policy which is optimal, and non idling.
Value iteration is very flexible.
Value iteration terminates when a predetermined convergence condition is met.
Value judgement is extraneous.
Value judgement is judgment
Value judgements are an unavoidable aspect of both private and public life.
Value judgements are power plays.
Value judgements are relative.
Value judgment is judgment
Value judgment is judgment.
Value judgments are meaningless as far as reality is concerned.
Value judgments are often implicit in the way facts are expressed.
Value judgments obscure the true problem.
Value judgments stand outside of science and are always purely subjective.
Value judgments underpin social thought.
Some value judgments are, in fact, meaning judgments.
Value objects hold datatype attributes, as well as data values.
Value of information is unclear.
Value partners use Cisco's technology and add value in the solution selling process.
Value pricing involves a system of tolls that vary to maintain an acceptable travel speed.
Value pricing is covered in greater detail on a subsequent slide.
Value pricing represents a pricing strategy that typically occurs within small niche markets.
Value stock is less expensive since it anticipates a turnaround and higher prices in the future.
Value stocks appear to perform equally well in global markets.
Value stocks are a distinct class of assets.
Value stocks are certainly less exciting than tech.
Value stocks are companies trading at levels below the intrinsic value of their total assets.
Value stocks are plentiful in cyclical industries, such as metals, and in financials, such as banks.
Value stocks are underpriced bargains.
Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.
Value stocks continue to trail their faster-growing counterparts.
Value stocks don t always lag, as they have recently.
Value stocks look cheap, while technology stocks still look expensive.
Value stocks tend to be inexpensive relative to what they are currently worth.
Value system memories marriage, character, peer pressure.
Value systems serve as reference points.
Value types are language independent.
A value is a quantity
Value adding before sale adds another.
Value adding involves engineering.
Value allows money.
Value appears to be no where near the sale price.
Value appreciates relative to a particular neighborhood.
Value approaches zero now and is dropping.
Value are essentially the same card.
Value are our best audio cards yet, and the market response has been overwhelming.
Value balances money.
Value becomes an outcome of excellent service.
Value becomes part of reason.
Value becomes synonymous with lower cost.
Value becomes the product of accounting.
Value can be a number or a character string.
Value can be an integer, a boolean or a string.
Value can be difficult to prove, which is why so many MLMs are really legal pyramids.
Value can be in the form of a special offer, but more often it's in the form of information.
Value can be yes, no or auto.
Value can contain pattern matching characters.
Value can decrease if there is a question of authenticity.
Value can decrease with restoration depending on the extent and quality of restoration.
Value can exist on the balance sheet.
Value can express mood or form.
Value can include subjective as well as objective measures.
Value can of course refer to market value or replacement value or cost less depreciation.
Value can vary significantly based on condition, even though sealed.
Value changes as a plane is in less or more direct influence of the light source.
Value comes first from what the tool enables people to do.
Value comes from getting results at a fair rate.
Value comes in all different shapes and sizes and is certainly particular to all different sports.
Value comes in many forms.
Value comes in the form of documented reported based on thorough, accurate research and analysis.
Value commensurate with price.
Value consists of the contribution of IT to business performance in addition to discrete benefits.
Value counts, but it's personal.
Value covers enrolment and accommodation fees.
Value decreases as interest rates increase.
Value decreases as scratches, heavy scuffs and torn, tattered covers appear.
Value depends on both desirability and scarcity.
Value depends on embossing, color and size.
Value depends on reference molecule and the co-ordinate system used.
Value depends on the amount and source of nutrients in the bag.
Value depends on the amount of light a surface reflects.
Value depends on the C-compiler used.
Value depends on the condition, age, and yield of the stand.
Value depends on the wants or needs of our empirical nature.
Value depends upon capacity.
Value depends upon customer use and store location.
Value depends upon how frequently the guest visits.
Value describes the lightness of the color.
Value describes the range of lightness or darkness of a visual element.
Value describes the the relative lightness or darkness of a color as well as shades of gray.
Value describes the worth of individuals in themselves or in the positions which they hold.
Value distinguishes a light color from a dark one.
Value drops significantly if the glass is fractured, cloudy, bruised, chipped, or repaired.
Value encompasses relative worth, utility, or quality.
Value encompasses what are usually known as causation and substance.
Value equates solely with efficiency, accountability purely with accounting.
Value exists in intangibles, and human capital is among the most important.
Value exists only in the mind of the seller and prospective buyer.
Value given is a a ballpark estimate.
Value gives consumers more than they expect at a price they can afford.
Value gives the new value for the scale.
Value goes beyond the quality and performance available in most professional music equipment.
Value here can often be quite good.
Value here defines issue period regardless of the borrower's privileges.
Value here is a secondary quality.
Value holds a value appropriate to that category, like red .
Value implies measurement.
Value includes average material and labor.
Value includes brand and product image, quality, performance, technology, and so on.
Value includes charges for advertising and warranties.
Value includes cost, quality, and service.
Value includes purchase price, ingredient quantity, and recommended dosage.
Value increases with the artist's name and that of the ship.
Value indicates an internal consistency of the measurement.
Value indicates the zoom factor for the displayed images.
Value is a boolean.
Value is a click away.
Value is a combination of good rates and good service.
Value is a combination of quality and cost.
Value is a default value placed inside an input type but can be changed by the user.
Value is a derivation of desire .
Value is a derivation of desire.
Value is a function of quality, as well as cost.
Value is a function of the future earnings of a company.
Value is a function of the retinal stimulation of the rods.
Value is a highly personal opinion.
Value is a list of entries, each entry is a list of two items.
Value is a matter of degree.
Value is a matter of opinion.
Value is a matter of perspective.
Value is a measure of preference.
Value is a measure of quality and benefit in relation to the level of investment.
Value is a measure of quality.
Value is a measure or indicator of absolute worth or importance.
Value is a metric indicating the hop count to the destination host or network.
Value is a much more complex construct.
Value is a necessity.
Value is a neutral axis that refers to the grey level of the color.
Value is a non-variable term or another attributed variable.
Value is a non-variable term, or another attributed variable.
Value is a number determined in the absence of a market.
Value is a number or starts with a number.
Value is a number.
Value is a park's promise.
Value is a perception in the eye of the user.
Value is a personal, and constantly changing, concept.
Value is a reflection of how everyone perceives an opportunity.
Value is a relative fact that varies in significance from zero to infinity.
Value is a relative term.
Value is a scaling of the intensity ranging from black to full intensity.
Value is a spiritual as well as a financial matter.
Value is a subjective concept - it's in the mind of the beholder.
Value is a subjective term, particularly in the horse industry.
Value is a very dynamic idea.
Value is a very good sound card.
Value is abstract and imagined in the mind, and also embodied in money.
Value is accorded to the bachelor's degree.
Value is actually diameter of a circle with an area equivalent to the crater's.
Value is all about brightness.
Value is all relative.
Value is almost always more important than cost.
Value is also an important consideration in the identification of benefits.
Value is also changeable.
Value is also important to the student.
Value is also important when choosing outdoor equipment.
Value is also one of the three properties of color.
Value is always an estimate or an opinion.
Value is always inexpensive.
Value is always largely a function of scarcity.
Value is always relative, subjective and human, never absolute, objective or divine.
Value is an especially important element in works of art when color is absent.
Value is an excellent choice of sound card.
Value is an excellent choice.
Value is an integer defining the nth check upon which the message was last found.
Value is an integer, specifying the interval in milliseconds.
Value is another attraction.
Value is another difference.
Value is another term for brightness .
Value is approximate The numerical value is approximate.
Value is as simple and complex as what the customer needs.
Value is ascribed to something based on a comparison with something else.
Value is available in the market.
Value is central to our strategy for mass deployment.
Value is competitive with growth.
Value is completely worth it.
Value is difference between home and foreign student fees.
Value is difficult to measure because an activity's value is in the eye of the beholder.
Value is divided into common value and value par excellence .
Value is divided into common value and value par excellence.
Value is ease of use and ease of management.
Value is ensured by an equity membership program.
Value is equal to the middle element.
Value is essential for people to function well over time.
Value is eternal and imperishable.
Value is existent and constant in process as money and capital are in process.
Value is extremely subjective.
Value is fair.
Value is far more than the sum of the construction cost.
Value is greater than the middle element.
Value is highly dependent on the moderator.
Value is important.
Value is in activity.
Value is in arcsecond.
Value is in land, the structures are of no economic value.
Value is in number of EJBs.
Value is in plenitude.
Value is in relationships among distributed intelligence.
Value is in seconds.
Value is in the eye of the beholder here.
Value is in the eye of the beholder.
Value is in the land and location.
Value is in the land.
Value is in the thousands.
Value is in thousands.
Value is inherently a human creation in a naturalistic universe.
Value is invalid for perforated wells and for wells tested with a bailer.
Value is just another reason why.
Value is less than the middle element.
Value is like truth and truth is like justice.
Value is loaded onto the card and stored in a central database.
Value is low cost of ownership.
Value is made by mixing white and black.
Value is made up of three things.
Value is measured by how well products and services meet the needs of the customer.
Value is measured differently in every business.
Value is measured specifically by outcomes achieved by our students and alumni.
Value is more a perception than a thing.
Value is more subjective.
Value is more than an economic notion.
Value is more than just price.
Value is no different.
Value is no longer an issue anyway.
Value is nothing.
Value is obviously important to our customers.
Value is off unless mouse is over.
Value is on mounting parts.
Value is one of the best soundcards available.
Value is one of tile's best features.
Value is one part of the equation, the other is structure.
Value is one thing, budget concerns are another.
Value is one times the employee annual salary.
Value is our commitment.
Value is our hallmark.
Value is our slogan.
Value is per lineal foot.
Value is per sq.
Value is per sq.ft.
Value is per unit.
Value is perceived by addressing the customer's immediate pay-back concerns.
Value is perceived by that label.
Value is place on combining high quality, high volume, and cost effectiveness.
Value is pretty much a function of their parts value.
Value is price, quality, and service.
Value is probably the most important factor of all.
Value is provided only by satisfying needs.
Value is purely on supply and demand.
Value is relational.
Value is relative to demand.
Value is relative to the cost of other courses in Clark County.
Value is relative, and it's worth figuring out.
Value is relative.
Value is rounded off to the unit.
Value is rounded up from the jitter budget.
Value is set by circumstances independent and outside of the object.
Value is set by supply and demand on the forex markets.
Value is set by the consumer.
Value is something that needs to be determined by each buyer.
Value is something which is part of it.
Value is still a term no one has put a price on.
Value is still our focus - in today's competitive marketplace, it has to be.
Value is still tremendous and yearly running costs are low.
Value is subjective .
Value is subjective since it resides only in the mind of the person faced with a choice.
Value is subjective, and can be difficult to calculate.
Value is subjective, so it is difficult to compare peoples' evaluations.
Value is subjective.
Value is t if the buffer is actually killed, nil if user says no.
Value is that upon which one acts to gain or keep.
Value is the actual string returned by the getParameter call described below.
Value is the actual value of that column.
Value is the answer.
Value is the benefit that goes beyond actual service.
Value is the border thickness in pixels .
Value is the combination of quality and price.
Value is the contribution of IT to enable the success of the business unit.
Value is the darkness or the lightness of a color.
Value is the density of craters in the neighborhood of the specified crater.
Value is the entry value to generate the random numbers.
Value is the 'fair' price that the most traders are comfortable with.
Value is the height in pixels.
Value is the hop count to the destination host or network.
Value is the importance that acting man attaches to ultimate ends.
Value is the information chosen or entered by the user.
Value is the key to an escorted tour.
Value is the key to our success.
Value is the key.
Value is the labour-time necessary for the making of a commodity.
Value is the lightness and darkness of a given hue.
Value is the lightness or darkness of a color.
Value is the lightness or darkness of the hue.
Value is the maximum quarterly average.
Value is the measure of customer choice.
Value is the most subjective of criteria.
Value is the name of the game.
Value is the number of seconds to pause between steps.
Value is the outcome of limitation.
Value is the preset or entered value.
Value is the price divided by the duration of the memory.
Value is the primary weapon in that rivalry.
Value is the quality of anything that renders it desirable or useful.
Value is the quality that gives something exchangeability in the marketplace.
Value is the ratio of benefits received to the sacrifice needed to obtain the benefits.
Value is the ratio of functionality to cost.
Value is the ratio of quality to cost.
Value is the relative darkness or lightness of a color.
Value is the relative darkness or lightness of the soil color.
Value is the response, or Y variable.
Value is the second dimension of color.
Value is the second most important consideration.
Value is the second.
Value is the story here, as well.
Value is the strength or darkness of the color.
Value is the value of name.
Value is the value the data gets when the item is selected.
Value is the way animal interest and partiality are experienced in consciousness.
Value is the width in pixels.
Value is the worth of a service or product to a consumer.
Value is the worth of an object to the person who desires it.
Value is the worth of something.
Value is to be gained by both the super experts and the others.
Value is to design as truth is to analysis.
Value is top of mind, especially when it comes to a vacation.
Value is top of the list to attract development and attract people to live here.
Value is U.S. dollars.
Value is understood through the sense of value.
Value is undetermined.
Value is unequal compared with other properties.
Value is unknown.
Value is value of header.
Value is value.
VAlue is variable.
Value is variation in lightness and darkness.
Value is vertical space width in pixels.
Value is very important to any type of design.
Value is very much on the screen of the retriever.
Value is what appears on the button itself.
Value is what customers want.
Value is what distinguishes the smorgasbord.
Value is what prices in a free market accurately reflect.
Value is what somebody is prepared to pay for something is the usual response.
Value is what the customers' demand as values and are willing to pay for it.
Value is what turns browsers into buyers.
Value is what's important.
Value is within range of instrument calibration and, thus, of higher certainty.
Value is worthless in that which is priceless.
Value is zero for unvoiced.
Value is, however, a cultural artifact, and the culture of the Internet is still developing.
Value isa concept.
Value justifies our existence.
Value lies at the edges.
Value lies between the upper and lower caps.
Value lies in either utility or scarcity.
Value lies in helping to identify, then solve, real estate challenges.
Value lies less in possessing the fruits of creativity than in having the ability to create.
Value means different things to different people.
Value means more than good prices, it means great service and high quality products.
Value means offering products and services that are of solid quality and sold at a reasonable price.
Value means providing solutions and meeting expectations.
Value means value of production.
Value meets fine craftsmanship with our freestanding desk and modular casegood systems.
Value occurs at many different levels in the organization.
Value occurs in many different forms.
Value only is attributed to a data item.
Value only means how much a thing is worth.
Value oriented customers have no money to spend.
Value oriented plans range from the basic to the most capable, complete solutions.
Value passes between the two banks through accounting entries in a process known as settlement.
Value precedes price.
Value presupposes a standard, a purpose and the necessity of action in the face of an alternative.
Value priced lodging is available.
Value produce an intense interactive audio experience for gaming, music and entertainment.
Value produced by machines is still value.
Value produces an intense interactive audio experience for gaming, music and entertainment.
Value reacts to context.
Value refers to a quality of an object that satisfies a desire of tile subject.
Value refers to how light or dark a color is.
Value refers to the changes in lightness or darkness of the color.
Value refers to the degree of lightness or darkness in a color.
Value refers to the degree of lightness or darkness in any color.
Value refers to the lightness or darkness of a color, or hue.
Value refers to the lightness or darkness of a color.
Value refers to the lightness or darkness of a hue.
Value refers to the lightness or darkness of a tone.
Value refers to the strength of the desire for an option's feature or outcome.
Value refers to the subtle difference between shades of colors and tints of colors.
Value refers to the text typed into the text-box below.
Value reigns supreme .
Value relates to limits of time and amount.
Value relates to usefulness and application to the job or task.
Value represents how dark or light the colour is - say, dark red vs light red.
Value represents the amount of light reflected, or the brightness of the color.
Value returns either a string or the binary data of a file.
Value Returns the requested value.
Value returns to line up when the interface is reset.
Value rises exponentially with market share.
Value rounds to zero in the units displayed.
Value seems to continually decrease in relation to the dollar.
Value sees the long term opportunities of proper preparedness.
Value shown has greater uncertainty than other values in table.
Value specifies the current value of the property, based on the driver-supplied default values.
Value specifies the value displayed in the control.
Value still affects price, of course, but now price is starting to affect value as well.
Value supporting the leader in public, disagreeing in private is totally cool.
Value tends to rise sharply as weight and size increase.
Value translates to benefits.
Value trusts assets.
Value varies by site and crop price.
Values accumulate on the stack until they are required by consumers or transformers.
Values accumulate tax-deferred.
Values affect, for example, profitability.
Values also can help provide a sense of inner security and integrity.
Values also can vary widely depending on geographical location.
Values also have to be translated into key performance indicators at the operating level.
Values also underlie the leadership process.
Values apply for measurements at in a water phantom.
Values apply to transactions in the United States.
Values Appreciate the benefits of personal and cultural understanding.
Values approaching one show the highest efficiency.
Values are a basic building block of cultural understanding.
Values are a central factor in determining career satisfaction.
Values are a consistent response to situations with common factors.
Values are a critical factor in our quest for personal fulfilment.
Values are a good thing in conservation biology.
Values are a matter of choice.
Values are a part of our experience.
Values are a powerful part of health professions education and curriculum.
Values are a product of our individual experiences.
Values are a set of beliefs based upon a code of ethics in a society.
Values are a touchy subject.
Values are able to endure change.
Values are about choices.
Values are absolute.
Values are abstract and general .
Values are abstract ideals about what a society believes to be good, right, and desirable.
Values are abstractions .
Values are active or inactive.
Values are also closely related to ideals, and many ideals are carried by ethical principles.
Values are also different from ethical questions, and they shouldn t be confused.
Values are also fundamental beliefs that are non-negotiable.
Values are also hard to define because they are so personal.
Values are also important.
Values are always a fraction of a hz.
Values are always determined in the individual, unique minds of men and women.
Values are always negative.
Values are always provisional, i.e. subject to revision in the light of experience.
Values are an equal-opportunity business.
Values are an essential part of each person's working and daily lives.
Values are an illusion created by the dominant class.
Values are an important component of motivation.
Values are an important part of leadership.
Values are an important part of that.
Values are an important part of the job search.
Values are an individual's stabilizing factors in a world where the only certainty is change.
Values are an integral part of a nation's infrastructure.
Values are annual running means.
Values are another factor of an ethical issue.
Values are approximate and determined by community testing.
Values are approximate minimum street prices.
Values are approximate, depending on model and accessories, and are for illustrative purposes only.
Values are approximate.
Values are as important or more important than book learning.
Values are at the core of professionalism and professional services.
Values are at wellhead or field gate, except in Ontario where an imputed wholesale price is used.
Values are attitudes about the worth of people, concepts, or things.
Values are attitudes about the worth or importance of people, concepts, or things.
Values are average concentrations.
Values are average of lab tests.
Values are averages for each month of observation.
Values are beliefs and standards that are important to live by.
Values are beliefs that guide behaviors.
Values are beliefs that people use to give meaning to their lives.
Values are beliefs, principles, and ideals that guide behavior.
Values are beliefs.
Values are binary , development , documentation , utilities .
Values are both personal and organizational.
Values are both relative and absolute.
Values are case insensitive.
Values are case sensitive and assume an 'AND' condition between completed rows.
Values are command and filename expanded before being assigned.
Values are complex and are informed by race and socialization.
Values are complex, hierarchical and shift over time.
Values are concepts of what is good, right, and important.
Values are configuration settings that contain data, and the data is the setting itself.
Values are constant, circumstances are different.
Values are constant.
Values are contextual.
Values are convictions made practical.
Values are core beliefs such as duty, honor, and integrity that motivate attitudes and actions.
Values are critical.
Values are critically important to a company.
Values are dependent on too many things to give a 'global' value.
Values are dependent, in part, on the recording technique.
Values are determined at weaning.
Values are determined both before and after subtracting the baseline.
Values are different.
Values are distributors' realised prices.
Values are durations.
Values are either false or true .
Values are either positive or negative with standard orientation.
Values are emotional connections between individuals, whereas science is value-neutral.
Values are enlarge and reduce .
Values are essential in a healthy society.
Values are essential to understanding culture.
Values are essentially judgmental and conditional.
Values are evaluative beliefs about preference, and serve as standards of judgment.
Values are extrapolated from requirements of sows of similar body weight.
Values are fairly close with high contrast here and there.
Values are folder, age, and date.
Values are for covalent bonds only, since any ionic contribution leads to bond shortening.
Values are for degree slope.
Values are for mint condition pieces only.
Values are for protein sources such as eggs.
Values are for room temperature and stoichiometric composition.
Values are forward and backward .
Values are friends, bringing happiness in life.
Values are from recent census or estimates.
Values are from the edge of the paper.
Values are generally flat.
Values are how one defines what is right, fair and good.
Values are ideals.
Values are ideas about what is desirable in life.
Values are ideas, beliefs, and customs to which people are emotionally attached.
Values are important as they influence a person's behavior to weigh the importance of alternatives.
Values are important in all phases of education from early childhood onwards.
Values are important.
Values are in .
Values are in angstroms.
Values are in Canadian dollars.
Values are in constant flux and change because the flow of opposites keeps shifting.
Values are in decimal degrees.
Values are in equivalent energy.
Values are in hours.
Values are in inches.
Values are in Kelvins.
Values are in lengths.
Values are in magnitudes.
Values are in millions of current dollars.
Values are in parts per million.
Values are in percent.
Values are in percentage.
Values are in percentages.
Values are in picoseconds.
Values are in pixels by which one trace is offset from the next.
Values are in radians.
Values are in term of inches to make it easier to understand.
Values are in terms of pixels.
Values are in the EmplPlansServiceType domain.
Values are in U.S. dollars, converted using weighted exchange rates.
Values are in units of hundredths of an em unless otherwise stated.
Values are in watts per square meter.
Values are independent of demographics.
Values are indexed according to the warmth of human exchanges.
Values are intangible feelings.
Values are interesting.
Values are internal beliefs.
Values are intrinsic.
Values are less specific than beliefs.
Values are less than the LOQs for the respective tissues.
Values are like a compass, guiding our conduct and our thoughts.
Values are like files-each value belongs to exactly one key.
Values are likely to be different for each lab.
Values are long range commitments to ends that people share culturally.
Values are lower due to obstruction of trees.
Values are maps.
Values are matter of free choice.
Values are mean of three replicate flasks.
Values are mean std.
Values are means for five plants.
Values are means of ten plants.
Values are means of three experiments.
Values are means sd.
Values are means standard deviation.
Values are means standard deviations.
Values are measure in Farads.
Values are measures.
Values are merely projections of our feelings upon external things.
Values are min,max,exponent.
Values are more constant than priorities.
Values are more difficult than interests to clarify.
Values are more fundamental than ordinary goals.
Values are more important than fun.
Values are more than philosophy or a pleasant placebo of belief.
Values are much deeper than the demographic categories most surveys use.
Values are much higher than the balloon's actual speed.
Values are neither right or wrong and change over a lifetime.
Values are neither static nor pure.
Values are no longer of any value.
Values are non-significant unless indicated otherwise.
Values are norms or codes by which people live their lives.
Values are now their top issue . . .
Values are numbers, strings, hex blobs, lists, or blocks.
Values are numbers.
Values are numerous.
Values are of dry sludge.
Values are often lower during the first few days of therapy.
Values are often more material than intellectual.
Values are only approximate because category includes large numbers of coxsackie and echo viruses.
Values are only indirectly related to morality.
Values are only relative.
Values are organic.
Values are our preferred way of acting.
Values are our strongest allies in any trying situation.
Values are output as decimal literals without low line characters.
Values are part of our social paradigms as well.
Values are passions which trigger a bias for action.
Values are 'pending,' 'active,' 'complete,' and 'aborted'.
Values are percent of dry weight.
Values are percentage of revenue.
Values are percentages of phenotypes indicated in the table.
Values are percentages unless indicated otherwise.
Values are permanent, eternal.
Values are personal and intimate and powerfully influential.
Values are personal.
Values are principles to follow in achieving the goals of the organization.
Values are principles, standards, or characteristics considered worthwhile or desirable.
Values are psi.
Values are pulled from drop down menus, the process requires many panel to panel iterations.
Values are relative to the day the transaction was completed.
Values are relative to the starting position of the layer.
Values are relative to the top left corner of the browser window.
Values are relative.
Values are relativistic.
Values are representative for most pumps, but there are some exceptions in all categories.
Values are right justified and padded with blanks.
Values are rough guesses.
Values are roughly half what is deduced from the propagation measurements.
Values are sequences of non-blanks.
Values are shared ideas about what is good.
Values are significantly different for small channel flow than for sheet flow.
Values are similar to utype.
Values are simply numbers.
Values are site negotiated.
Values are slip , ppp , arap , shell , tty-daemon , connection , and system .
Values are slow to change.
Values are so important because values affect performance.
Values are something that grow in the heart.
Values are specific.
Values are split between saved value, total cost to save and sacrificed item value.
Values are standards that have some intrinsic or estimated worth.
Values are still high in spite of the recent turbulence.
Values are strongly held beliefs.
Values are subject to change.
Values are subjective preferences often implying what is right or wrong.
Values are subjective.
Values are suspect but left in.
Values are temperature dependent.
Values are the abstract concepts of what is right, worthwhile or desirable .
Values are the arguments of the first RPM tag in a file.
Values are the average of measurements obtained on three samples for each patient.
Values are the averages of three trials on a loaded system.
Values are the basis for all decision-making in life.
Values are the best single predictor of real behavior.
Values are the building blocks.
Values are the client's enduring motivators.
Values are the core principles which give meaning to our lives.
Values are the criteria for a sound social fabric.
Values are the cube sizes.
Values are the difference between winning and losing.
Values are the first point.
Values are the foundation of our whole mental and emotional concept of reality.
Values are the framework for our lives.
Values are the glue that holds an organization together.
Values are the key.
Values are the leaders beliefs and emotional feelings that drive the inner self.
Values are the leaders beliefs and emotional feelings that drives the inner self.
Values are the lightness or darkness of the fabric.
Values are the mean of three replicates.
Values are the missing link in understanding job performance.
Values are the most difficult to compromise.
Values are the most important kind of knowledge.
Values are the most prominent factor in addressing controversy.
Values are the princlies and ideas that people believe strongly in and that guide their behaviors.
Values are the result of our upbringing, our socialisation and our cultural background.
Values are the results of some operation.
Values are the roots of behavior.
Values are the same as for other women of comparable age.
Values are the same as for the corresponding configuration command except where stated.
Values are the self-motivators that indicate what is most important in our lives.
Values are the settings for the properties.
Values are the source of accomplishment and satisfaction in life.
Values are the specific cultural goals towards which norms are directed.
Values are the stuff from which purposes are made.
Values are the treasure of life, making humans wealthy and rich.
Values are the unchanging, constant beliefs and norms that underlie the vision.
Values are the usual example.
Values are the why behind our goals.
Values are thousands of acres.
Values are three-year averages for periods indicated.
Values are timeless.
Values are too extreme for the high-stakes scenario to be otherwise.
Values are top , middle bottom , and baseline .
Values are top, middle bottom, and baseline.
Values are top, middle, bottom, and baseline.
Values are 'true' or 'false' .
Values are universal principles.
Values are unsigned unless otherwise noted.
Values are up and images are sharper.
Values are updated weekly.
Values are usually higher in people living at high altitudes.
Values are vague, global concepts, sometimes difficult to understand.
Values are values for creatures with our particular sensibility.
Values are very comforting and questioning uproots comfort, it calls everything to account.
Values are virtually unchanged across the board.
Values are vital allies in any trying situation.
Values are vital.
Values are weight percent oxide.
Values are what an individual considers most important in life.
Values are what define and give our lives direction.
Values are what gives meaning to our experiences in life.
Values are what matter in life.
Values are what really matter.
Values are what soldiers, as a profession, judge to be right.
Values are whatever people are willing to pay.
Values are widely divergent.
Values are worst case forecasts for open water in vicinity of referenced point.
Values are worth safeguarding.
Values are yearly averages for periods indicated.
Values are yearly means.
Values are yes or no.
Values are Yes or No.
Values are, first of all, moral or nonmoral .
Values arise more out of attitudes than out of reasons.
Values associated with a data type usually have a shape, too.
Values associated with each unit are number of inhabitants per square km within unit boundaries.
Values associated with each unit are percent total arable land area within unit boundaries.
Values associated with each unit are percent total pasture land area within unit boundaries.
Values associated with each unit are percent total wetland area within unit boundaries.
Values assume a more eternal and cosmic quality.
Values assume a trained, volunteer crew.
Values base on experience.
Values base on information.
Values Be honest.
Values become actions.
Values Begin at Home .
Values bring empowerment, and it becomes possible to remove weaknesses and defects.
Values bring life to the dimension of meaning.
Values can and do change.
Values can be about fun and happiness.
Values can be about partnership, love and family.
Values can be arbitrarily long and can be precise or have uniform or gaussian error bounds.
Values can be arbitrary objects.
Values can be default, alt, and text.
Values can be either numbers or strings.
Values can be either web or ftp, with the default being web.
Values can be either 'web' or 'ftp', with the default of 'web'.
Values can be either yes or no or true or false .
Values can be good or bad.
Values can be 'ignore', 'warn' or a code reference.
Values can be nodes.
Values can be pixel widths, percentages, or relative size.
Values can be positive or negative.
Values can be tiny, small, medium, large, and giant.
Values can be very precisely determined and still be very inaccurate.
Values can be 'web' or 'ftp', with 'web' the default.
Values can carry or ramp from beat to beat.
Values can change, and infrastructure changes with it.
Values can change.
Values can differ between people, families, and societies.
Values can have very direct influences on ones actions.
Values can never include quotes.
Values can range into the many hundreds of dollars.
Values can still be taught in later years, it just gets more difficult.
Values change with context too.
Values change, often with alarming rapidity.
Values come from needs.
Values come from parents.
Values come from the heart.
Values come from the pseudo-community of television, rather than from the elders.
Values come in various shapes and sizes, but simply put, a value is something of worth.
Values come into play when educators are challenged for example to teach reproductive health.
Values come slithering in like wisps of fog under the door.
Values comprise the core of a good education.
Values contain a judgment about what is right, good, or appropriate.
Values contain the actual configuration information used by the system.
Values containing decimal points have actual periods in the data.
Values containing quotes can be a bother.
Values correspond to situations.
Values correspond to the watershed basin values.
Values create the guideposts for effective living.
Values decrease with temperature.
Values define our organizational character.
Values define the character of an organization.
Values demand to be honored.
Values depend on characters.
Values depend on circumstances.
Values depend on factors.
Values depend on locations.
Values depend on many factors.
Values depend on patterns.
Values describe what the organisation is about and give meaning to stake holders.
Values determine attitude, and attitude can limit or broaden our possibilities.
Values determine the quality of that existence.
Values differ between people.
Values differ from laboratory to laboratory.
Values differ from truth.
Values discourse in critical constructivism.
Values do make a difference.
Values drive an organization toward change.
Values drive growth.
Values drive it forward.
Values drive priorities.
Values drive the ministry.
Values emerge out of the matrix of experience.
Values emerge out of the ordeals that men and societies go through.
Values Encapsulate multiple values in a single object.
Values enter both into the production and the conceptualization of what is being predicted.
Values establish what is important.
Values Establishing the right selling price is our particular skill.
Values evolve and continue to develop just as the individual grows and develops.
Values exceeding unity are possible.
Values exist at individual, family, and society levels.
Values exist hierarchically.
Values exist in a hierarchy, some being pursued only because they are means to other, higher ends.
Values exist in the world objectively apart from human choice or human or animal consciousness.
Values exist, but exist as illusions, albeit happy and pleasurable illusions.
Values explain what is good or bad, right or wrong, just or unjust.
Values Explains how to characterize a program in terms of the values it computes.
Values express our beliefs about what is important, good, right and fair.
Values fall away from the central business core.
Values find focus.
Values fix stat potions over all others except res life levels if needed.
Values fluctuate according to performances.
Values follow economic realities.
Values follow our priorities.
Values form the bedrock of an organization's culture.
Values generated by other clients on other connections are irrelevant.
Values get redefined on all levels.
Values give information.
Values give meaning to people's lives.
Values give meaning.
Values give value to life and quality to living.
Values give value to life and quality to our living.
Values given are differences between instruments before and after service.
Values given are estimates of normal flight ranges.
Values given are for million vehicle miles traveled.
Values given are in units of real-world millimeters.
Values given are mean, standard error a t the t level, and the range.
Values given are means for sawtimber-size stands of various but unknown ages.
Values given are percentages of children in each category.
Values given are the P-levels.
Values given are untransformed data.
Values given here take into account bidders' premiums where applicable.
Values given in different sources vary considerably.
Values given in the tables are the average number of hours per month or year.
Values go beyond the basics of honesty, trust, mutual respect, integrity and professionalism. .
Values govern makers.
Values govern policy makers.
Values greatly affect the way people spend money.
Values grow from a person s experiences.
Values grow from personal experiences.
Values grow on a tax-deferred basis, and can be used for a retirement fund.
Values grow out of the experience of living in a particular environment.
Values guide both our actions and our reactions.
Values guide decision-making and action in the organization.
Values guide decisions.
Values guide our most basic decisions, and provide a standard to follow.
Values guide the inevitable tradeoffs involved in bringing a project to life.
Values have both a cognitive and affective component.
Values have both order and meaningful value.
Values have consequences.
Values have fitnesses.
Values have impact.
Values have large uncertainty.
Values have meaning only against the context of a set of relationships.
Values have names.
Values have no other rationale than usage and general agreement.
Values have their existence rather by virtue of their relation with individual-social activities.
Values have three important characteristics.
Values have to be retrieved.
Values have to be specified there.
Values have to change.
Values have uncertainty.
Values have zero to four decimal places, depending on their magnitude.
Values help provide direction and meaning to life.
Values help society by giving it stability.
Values help to personalize the agency for the individual worker.
Values here depend on the speed of Internet companies and their knowledge of the market.
Values here indicate some intermediate degree of relatationship for the linear model.
Values highlight variability.
Values highlighted in yellow are current RLs.
Values identify what is good and distinguish the good from the bad.
Values imply numbers.
Values include variation.
Values increase if the hair is inlaid or if there is any other intricacy.
Values indicate benefits.
Values indicate Bremer support.
Values indicate capability.
Values indicate correlate responses.
Values indicate differences.
Values indicate dry or wet conditions in the short term.
Values indicate effects.
Values indicate long term conditions.
Values indicate negative responses.
Values indicate positive effects.
Values indicate quality.
Values indicate responses.
Values indicate significant differences.
Values indicate the relative influence of sewage input to a marine system.
Values influence our everyday behavior as well.
Values influence our everyday behaviors.
Values influence people's behavior and serve as criteria for evaluating the actions of others.
Values interact to generate new values and meanings.
Values is a much used but little understood concept.
Values is basic, perhaps unseated, principles and assumptions.
Values is the ' Full tank' to get where mission wants to go.
Values is the main topic of the second session.
Values largely reflect recent dietary or other intake.
Values leak across separators.
Values listed are approximate.
Values listed are at time of donation.
Values listed are for a full martensite to austenite transition.
Values listed are for height without shoes and weight without clothes.
Values listed are in milligrams per day.
Values listed are typical of what can be found at the time of pumping.
Values listed in orange are essential, but others are optional.
Values listed in the chart above represent typical contents for major constituents.
Values listed in the table are typicals.
Values listed on our website reflect our current prices.
Values Lists the values for a submitted request.
Values make that information explicit more rapidly and emotions are addressed early on.
Values matter a lot in human behavior and they matter especially in both crime and drug use.
Values mold our community.
Values never change.
Values normally increase several units when pressed.
Values only become real when they are embraced by everyone in the organization.
Values only make sense when one is faced with difficult decisions.
Values only provides for a flat fee and appraisal written for all purposes.
Values open the heart and transform human nature so that life is filled with compassion ad humility.
Values outline acceptable behavior.
Values pay off.
Values play a role as a motivating force.
Values play an important role in making decisions about how to manage non-indigenous species.
Values provide a path to human integrity.
Values provide a source of energy, motivation and fulfillment in life, work and leisure.
Values provide consistency for individuals and are the foundation of leadership.
Values provide evidence of spirit in human life.
Values provide motives .
Values provide motives without values, one floats, like driftwood in swirling waters.
Values provide motives.
Values provide pre-set decisions between choices commonly faced by members of a culture.
Values provide the 'why' behind a person's actions.
Values provide underlying meaning to behavior.
Values range from a few milliohms to a few ohms.
Values range from zero to one, where a small packing fraction represents a dilute system like a gas.
Values range in terms of importance and hierarchy.
Values range up to the thousands of dollars.
Values refer to symptomatic primary infection.
Values reflect adjustments to base prices on carcass basis.
Values reflect adjustments to base prices, dollars per cwt.
Values reflect the goals of a culture.
Values reflect what s important to people.
Values relate to motion.
Values relate to upward motion.
Values relate to upward vertical motion.
Values relate to vertical motion.
Values related to food can include many things.
Values remain static even when topology is edited and the coverage is built.
Values remain the same.
Values represent a realistic range as well.
Values represent average overall ratings.
Values represent aver-age standard deviation of samples cultured in sextuplicates.
Values represent average standard deviation of samples cultured in tetraplicates.
Values represent combined global trading volume of exchange-traded futures and options.
Values represent maximum number of standard deviations the parameters depart from normal.
Values represent means and standard deviations of triplicate samples in one experiment.
Values represent minimum average roll values.
Values represent problem averages.
Values represent the total numbers of fish of each species caught with all methods combined.
Values represent typical values.
Values represent values.
Values resist empirical verification.
Values respect more than being liked.
Values Returns the pixel map contents.
Values revert to their default values after each request.
Values rise during the third trimester of pregnancy, reflecting fetal-skeletal growth.
Values seem difficult, impractical, a little corny.
Values serve as a guide for behavior and as a basis for planning.
Values serve as guidelines.
Values serve as guiding principles that shape our daily actions.
Values Serve Needs.
Values Serve the needs of our customers.
Values shape our organizational culture, and in the long run, culture determines performance.
Values shape perceptions and the selection of data.
Values shift, and one's earth consciousness moves more forefront.
Values show in tables.
Values show variation.
Values shown above are approximate and valid only at the magnetic fields shown.
Values shown are an average of oil values in primary growing regions.
Values shown are applicable to component elements.
Values shown are average for aluminium and magnesium.
Values shown are departure from normal in millimetres.
Values shown are deviations from climatological probabilities for the above normal category.
Values shown are for mid-scale.
Values shown are for reference only.
Values shown are monthly averages of measurements made by anemometers.
Values shown are the averages for the year.
Values shown are the highest recorded at either station.
Values shown are usually nominal at rated voltage and load.
Values shown for the current month are preliminary.
Values shown here are results of development level systems.
Values shown in red, underlined italics are the inputs typed by the user.
Values skills in evangelism, relationships, and professions.
Values speak to the commitment a brand makes to society at large.
Values start at the dinner table.
Values stem primarily from culture and education.
Values survey module .
Values suspect but left in.
Values take priority over prices.
Values take priority overprices.
Values taught by our parents help shape our identities.
Values tend to give order, exposure, venues and promotion.
Values tend to permeate and influence all aspects of our lives.
Values tend to prioritize factors in our lives.
Values Treat our customers with respect, loyalty, and integrity.
Values undoubtedly vary between types of adenovirus and between viruses.
Values unite people Values that are held in common unite people and families.
Values use equations.
Values use follow equations.
Values use similar techniques.
Values use techniques.
Values Values Writing a description of one s values is as difficult as designing a new cosmology.
Values vanish in commercialization and relativism.
Values vary according to color, size, and thickness of fins.
Values vary based on body weight and the vigor with which activities are performed.
Values vary by site and operating environment.
Values vary considerably with body size and body positions during the measurement.
Values vary depending on diet, alcohol, metabolic state, exercise etc.
Values vary from locations.
Values vary from place to place.
Values vary greatly with condition and even locality.
Values vary slightly with location and depth.
Values vary slightly with location.
Values vary widely from very little to several hundred dollars per specimen.
Values vary with composition.
Values vary with methods of processing and preparation.
Values vary with the individual.
Values Welcome to our shop.
Values Work to establish long term relationships.
Values work, traditions and conservation of resources.
Values yield statements.
Values always follow an equal sign.
Value often comes from whom one can talk to, rather than how rapidly.
Values often change as the culture changes.
Values often conflict with each other.
Values often conflict with institutional constructions of the parents role.
Values often fluctuate, being highest late at night and lowest early in the evening.
Values usually encode information having survival or prestige importance.
Values usually return to normal without interruption of treatment.
All value is mental, psychological, ideational, based on consciousness.
All values approximate.
All values are a percentage of unflooded plant growth.
All values are a response to environmental conditions.
All values are approximate and are only suitable for guidance only.
All values are approximate and vary from one fish to the next.
All values are approximate.
All values are approximations.
All values are byte quantities.
All values are c in four-byte IEEE floating point values.
All values are case sensitive.
All values are comma delimited.
All values are compared successfully to experiments when data are available.
All values are decimal unless otherwise stated.
All values are decimal, separation is done by one or more spaces.
All values are double precision real.
All values are either character strings, or oating point numbers.
All values are equal to zero.
All values are equal.
All values are estimates and are provided for reference only.
All values are estimates and are provided for reference purposes only.
All values are express in micrograms per gram.
All values are for clean lubricate threads.
All values are for the long cameras.
All values are for the mean absolute percent error.
All values are for well equipped units in resale condition.
All values are freely adjustable.
All values are gallons unless otherwise noted.
All values are hex.
All values are in arbitrary units.
All values are in centimeters, numbers outside bank are widths, numbers inside bank are depths.
All values are in centimetres.
All values are in cents per bushel.
All values are in decimal degrees.
All values are in decimal unless otherwise specified.
All values are in degrees, and all longitude values are in East Longitude.
All values are in feet with depth being positive downward.
All values are in hex.
All values are in hexadecimal.
All values are in inches.
All Values are in Inches.
All values are in megabytes.
All values are in meters.
All values are in microliters and millimeters where appropriate, unless otherwise noted.
All values are in milli-janskys, or mJy.
All values are in millions of U.S. dollars and represent latest available data.
All values are in ms.
All values are in msecs.
All values are in network order.
All values are in one of three different formats, and most can be viewed and changed by the user.
All values are in percentage terms.
All values are in pixels.
All values are in today s dollars.
All values are in United States Dollars.
All values are individual values.
All values are initially zero.
All values are integer and divisions are meant to discard the remainders.
All values are integers.
All values are mean SD and range.
All values are mean values.
All values are milligrams of fluoride supplement per day.
All values are New Zealand dollars.
All values are nondimensional.
All values are numeric.
All values are o.k.
All values are on a percentage dry matter basis.
All values are payments in millions of dollars.
All values are per serving.
All values are percent dry.weight basis except where noted.
All values are preliminary.
All values are real numbers.
All values are relative to current position and heading.
All values are self-determined by man, and only exist in the mind of man.
All values are subject to change.
All values are subject to market conditions and availability.
All values are the arithmetic mean of two biological determinations.
All values are the means for the collection periods.
All values are the same.
All values are true, so and returns the last value, 'c' .
All values are typical, at room temperature.
All values are ultimately mystical.
All values are valid for blaze maximum wavelengths.
All values are within normal limits except for the alcohol level.
All values are worst case.
All values associated with that item apply to the current trial.
All values assume the installation instructions are in compliance.
All values can be essentially free format on the source file.
All values can have methods.
All values change radically.
All values depend only on the coordinates x , y and the time t .
All values given are average based on test samples.
All values given over the air are for the retail price of the item.
All values have the dimensionality of temperature.
All values have units.
All values indicate an anterior growth rotation.
All values listed refer to an eight ounce cup.
All values pertain to telescope pointing at zenith .
All values pertain to the zenith.
All values printed are in hexadecimal.
All values refer to the left upper corner of the applet.
All values refer to 'total' nickel unless otherwise noted.
All values represent means over years and harvests within years.
All values represent wholesale level prices unless otherwise mentioned.
All values return to normal after recovery from the illness.
All values set at the server level only affect the specific servers, but are still inheritable.
All values shown are at the time of expiration.
All values shown are RGB values.
All values stored in the header fields are unsigned.
Any value can be a standard as long as it is agreed upon.
Any value is acceptable here.
Any value is accepted.
Any value is okay, positive, negative, or zero.
Any value now given is presumed good.
Any value remaining on the card after it expires is returned to the trainee's military pay.
Any value specified above the maximum is reduced to the maximum.
Any value Use in dynamical tree only.
Any values are valid.
Every value belongs to one type.
Every value has a type.
Every value is an arrayref, consisting of the words that had that particular translated number.
Every value is to be set according to the sanctuary shekel, twenty gerahs to the shekel.
Every value pertaining to life requires action to maintain it.
Many values follow a normal distribution .
Many values follow a normal distribution.
Many values increase exponentially, at a constant rate.
More value added is produced in offices.
More value is added to raw farm products at each successive processing and marketing stage.
More value is placed on success than on maintaining their heritage.
More value is placed upon domain names that are concise, current, descriptive and distinct.
Most value is created at the tail-end of an investment's life.
Most values are consistent with water of high quality.
Most values are obvious.
Most values are very approximate - within an order of magnitude.
Most values are way off, but what else is new.
Most values come from parents.
Most values correspond to situations.
Most values depend on characters.
Most values depend on circumstances.
Most values depend on factors.
Most values depend on locations.
Most values depend on patterns.
Most values drive growth.
Most values fall within one standard deviation of the mean of the r values.
Most values give information.
Most values govern makers.
Most values govern policy makers.
Most values have fitnesses.
Most values have impact.
Most values have large uncertainty.
Most values have uncertainty.
Most values imply numbers.
Most values indicate benefits.
Most values indicate capability.
Most values indicate correlate responses.
Most values indicate differences.
Most values indicate effects.
Most values indicate negative responses.
Most values indicate positive effects.
Most values indicate quality.
Most values indicate responses.
Most values indicate significant differences.
Most values relate to motion.
Most values relate to upward motion.
Most values relate to upward vertical motion.
Most values relate to vertical motion.
Most values represent typical values.
Most values represent values.
Most values serve as guidelines.
Most values show in tables.
Most values show variation.
Most values use equations.
Most values use follow equations.
Most values use similar techniques.
Most values use techniques.
Most values vary from locations.
Most values yield statements.
Much value is placed on involvement of families.
Some value is hard to measure, but it's there.
Some values affect business.
Some values apply to mechanics.
Some values are a strong part of the person's personality make up and are resistant to change.
Some values are abbreviations.
Some values are easy to determine.
Some values are exhibited by animals.
Some values are given in the table above.
Some values are good and some are bad.
Some values are psychological, ethical, and philosophical.
Some values are timeless.
Some values are used by firms.
Some values are very difficult to find.
Some values base on observations.
Some values below are preset.
Some values can crash the game.
Some values can have effects.
Some values can have huge impact.
Some values can have impact.
Some values can have unforeseen effects.
Some values change as leaders gain experience, others are fixed parts of their personality.
Some values change more rapidly than others.
Some values change over centuries.
Some values change over past centuries.
Some values come from ethics.
Some values contribute to starvation.
Some values depend on details.
Some values determine attitude.
Some values encourage poachers.
Some values enhance usefulness.
Some values follow patterns.
Some values given are outside the ranges tested and are extrapolated.
Some values govern policy.
Some values have effects.
Some values have quality.
Some values illustrate patterns.
Some values incorporate kinds.
Some values increase hunt pressure.
Some values increase pressure.
Some values indicate absence.
Some values indicate better performance.
Some values indicate carbon fixation.
Some values indicate concentration.
Some values indicate distribution.
Some values indicate events.
Some values indicate evolution.
Some values indicate excretion.
Some values indicate file names, in which capitalization is critical.
Some values indicate fixation.
Some values indicate net uptake.
Some values indicate opportunity.
Some values indicate performance.
Some values indicate presence.
Some values indicate primary fixation.
Some values indicate resources.
Some values indicate rotation.
Some values indicate uptake.
Some values never go out of style.
Some values obtained are more reliable than others.
Some values occur in habitats.
Some values occur in offshore habitats.
Some values predict parameters.
Some values prevent blindness.
Some values prevent night blindness.
Some values provide evidence.
Some values provide information.
Some values reduce annual cost.
Some values reduce annual energy cost.
Some values reduce cost.
Some values reduce energy cost.
Some values reduce life cycle cost.
Some values reduce overall cost.
Some values reduce overall life cycle cost.
Some values represent areas.
Some values represent entire areas.
Some values represent trade areas.
Some values result in bifurcation.
Some values run deeper than national borders.
Some values show differences.
Some values show effects.
Some values show segregation.
Some values show significant differences.
Some values show values.
Some values stem from tradition.
Some values support compliance.
Some values support diagnoses.
Some values support jobs.
Some values use in hypothesis tests.
Some values use in tests.
Some values use notation.
Some values yield convergent series, some yield series which diverge.
Valueable life lessons that kids enjoy and parents feel good about.
Values clarification brings closure to the learning process, and promotes personal responsibility.
Values clarification says everyone is right and that there is no reliable concrete standard.
Values systems make quantum shifts, what was impossibly urgent becomes frivolous.
Valutech systems are available for all computing platforms and fully integrate to existing systems.
Valve actuation is performed via tappets, push rods and rocker arms.
Valve assemblies exhibit binding at operating temperatures even when they stroke freely on assembly.
Valve body is made of cast iron and the flap is of quality rubber.
Valve body stays cool even when used with hot water.
Valve box is connected between supply valve and faucet fittings.
Valve clearance is maintained by hydraulic roller tappets.
Some valve covers are hard to access, because they are covered with other engine parts.
Valve damage has many possible causes.
Valve disease can be very mild and cause no symptoms.
Valve disease can have several causes.
Valve engines make power.
Valve failure involves both legs, allowing the valve disc to float free.
Valve failure occurs when both legs break.
Valve function is based on an electrical circuit analogy.
Valve height is miked and every head is vacuum tested to assure correct valve seating.
Valve insufficiency is recognized by a reflux of blood to the ventricle or atrium, respectively.
Valve keys are vulnerable to being accidentally kicked on or turned on by children.
Valve lash is net build.
Valve life is extended by isolating corrosive fluids from internal valve parts.
Valve life is extended by isolating valve parts from corrosive fluid.
Valve lifters can also stick, possibly causing a valve to remain open a little too long.
Most valve lifters have an oil-lubricated hardened face that slides on the cam lobe.
Valve outlet is sealed with a stainless steel tube fitting plug.
Valve position is Indicated by digital display.
Valve repair is another growing market segment.
Valve repair is the preferred technique whenever feasible in all types of mitral valve disease.
Valve repairs require excavation.
Valve replacement is a major operation, and one that is better done sooner than later.
Valve replacement is still superior to repair operations in nearly all circumstances.
Valve replacement is used for some valve problems.
Valve response is fed into the computer to evaluate overall valve flow characteristics.
Valve seats resist damage from shocks, surges and contamination.
Valve stem is turned forward until sharp needle pierces tubing.
Valve stems operate on quarter-turns.
Valve stenosis is characterized by a flow acceleration on the level of the stenosis.
Valve surface is evenly microgranulose, sculptured with numerous weak, glossy, radiating riblets.
Valve surgery is designed either to repair or replace the damaged valves.
Valve work is much more involved than bellow work so the rates and times vary much more.
A valve is a structure
Valve closes off immediately.
Valve comes with a mounting base so it can be bolted to a bracket if desired.
Valve deserves the money.
Valve features a double offset disc design that lifts off seat as disc begins to pivot.
Valve Guides Kit contents vary - See individual listings for exact contents of each kit.
Valve is about to release another patch in the next week or two.
Valve is aware of the problems with the recent beta server and they're working on a fix.
Valve is built to take on tough applications.
Valve is chrome plated.
Valve is inside the cabinet to discourage unauthorized tampering of the bleed rate.
Valve is located at the pump end of the engine.
Valve is located completely out of the path of the exhaust stream.
Valve is on it.
Valve is repositioned by spring and pressure return of a double acting cylinder.
Valve is screw operated plug type.
Valve is stamped with an arrow to indicate direction of flow.
Valve isa body part.
Valve needs to focus thier time elsewhere.
Valve normally opens without control mounted.
Valve provides for two flows, two closed-in periods, and one reverse circulation position.
Valve remains on until the user shuts it off.
Valve remains open, allowing water to continue flowing.
Valve stems can swell in their guides and also scuff or seize.
Valves admit steam alternately to each end of the cylinders.
Valves allow blood to flow in one direction between the chambers of the heart.
Valves allow the blood to flow in only one direction, up or down.
Valves allow the player to change the pitch.
Valves also control the flow of blood between the heart and arteries.
Valves also point from one column to the other.
Valves appear as knot-like bulges in the vein in some patients.
Valves are also present between the ventricles and the vessels leading from it.
Valves are an essential part of any sprinkler system.
Valves are available at most hardware stores.
Valves are available in one, two and three piece style.
Valves are brass.
Valves are closed or there is an obstruction in the inlet or outlet line.
Valves are composed of both chitin and calcium carbonate and are hinged along the dorsal margin.
Valves are control.
Valves are devices.
Valves are flap-like structures that allow blood to flow in one direction.
Valves are generally convex.
Valves are good.
Valves are ground and replaced if necessary.
Valves are ideal for all liquid relief applications including positive displacement pump service.
Valves are linear-clavate with a tumid center.
Valves are manual, open and closed design.
Valves are manually or automatically operated.
Valves are mechanical devices that allow or impede the movement of a liquid or a gas.
Valves are more likely to stick in hot summer weather than in cold winter months.
Valves are most numerous in the veins of the extremities, and are absent in the smallest veins.
Valves are one of several product lines.
Valves are one of the most used apparatuses within a refinery or chemical complex.
Valves are part of brass.
Valves are part of hearts.
Valves are part of trumpets.
Valves are portals.
Valves are present in an otter's nose and ears which close automatically as the otter submerges.
Valves are present in lymph vessels to prevent backflow.
Valves are present in veins to prevent backflow of blood.
Valves are rotary type with string linkage and levers in a side action position.
Valves are shells.
Valves are shrink wrap sealed to keep out dirt and moisture during storage and transportation.
Valves are standard cast iron bodies and caps, bolted together.
Valves are standard cast-iron bodies and caps, bolted together.
Valves are structures.
Valves are the doorways of the heart.
Valves are the only moving parts.
Valves are to close clockwise.
Valves are unaffected by unleaded gas.
Valves are usually the single largest source of fugitive emissions.
Valves automatically protect the blower and reset by themselves.
Valves become stuck due to lack of maintenance and disuse.
Valves can also control many pistons working with each other at the same time.
Valves can be difficult to turn, so be persistent.
Valves can corrode and the cylinders become dangerous.
Valves can leak.
Valves can lift off their seats, resulting in hunting and poor temperature control.
Valves can safely isolate smaller areas during construction and emergencies.
Valves close the ostia when the heart contracts.
Valves come in both brass and plastic models.
Valves connect guts.
Valves control forward and reverse auger rotation and raise and lower the drive head.
Valves control the flow of blood between the atria and ventricles.
Valves control the flow of blood between the chambers of the heart.
Valves control the flow of blood from the atria to the ventricles.
Valves control the flow of fluids and gasses and appear in several places in a paintgun system.
Valves created by the lips and tongue keep food in the mouth and in place prior to swallowing.
Valves direct the flow of blood through the heart's chambers.
Valves direct the liquid from the spray tank and pump to each flow line.
Valves guard the opercular clefts, preventing the backflow of water.
Valves have (part) corpi.
Valves have a natural tendency to twist in their respective casings.
Valves have trouble maintaining a drip tight seat in some static conditions.
Valves help buildups.
Valves interfere with overbends.
Valves is for operators and engineers.
Valves keep blood flowing in the proper direction.
Valves keep blood going right way.
Valves keep the blood flowing in one direction.
Valves make a noise, sounding like a diesel, it comes and goes, even after it warms up.
Valves minimise equipment dead space.
Valves move freely.
Valves now weigh significantly less, too, so they cost less to ship and to install.
Valves prevent backflow of blood into the heart when the heart relaxes.
Valves prevent backflow, keeping the blood flowing in one direction through the heart.
Valves prevent backward flow of blood.
Valves prevent blood backflow.
Valves prevent blood or lymph from flowing backward.
Valves prevent blood passing in the opposite direction from deep to surface veins.
Valves prevent retrograde flow.
Valves prevent the backflow into the body during contraction.
Valves prevent the backflow of blood.
Valves prevent what is trapped within the lymph vessels to return to interstitial fluid.
Valves regulate the flow of a liquid or gas.
Valves regulate the flow of blood through the heart and to the pulmonary artery and the aorta.
Valves seal well, tanks in good shape.
Valves stay cooler, engine runs cooler.
Valves stop flow automatically when the coupling is disconnected.
Valves stop it.
Valves tend to rotate under the action of the valve springs and by engine vibration.
Valves -These are of the poppet type, of very liberal diameter and easily removable.
Valves vary in construction and size depending upon their function.
Valves work fine.
Valves usually contain one to several short spines, perpendicular to the shell surface.
All valve stems are to be blowout proof.
All valves are a bit lower when the patient is standing.
All valves are available as pre-piped assemblies.
All valves are available with a variety of flanges.
All valves are brass with removable seats.
All valves are custom made to fit existing ullage pipe hinges.
All valves are factory tested and calibrated.
All valves are factory tested prior to despatch with appropriate certification supplied.
All valves are full port.
All valves are new boxed and guaranteed.
All valves are self bleeding type.
All valves have a male port at the entry and female ports at the two exits.
All valves use direct sealing diaphragms and are ideal for regulation purposes.
Every valve is put though multiple tests prior to packaging to ensure conformance to pressure range.
More valves allow the engine to breathe better at high RPM and produce more power.
Most valves fail due to calcification of the moving components.
Most valves help buildups.
Most valves show a degree of regurgitation.
Most valves used on naval ships have replaceable assemblies.
Some valves are adjustable with a spring loaded gasket.
Some valves are closed by muscles.
Some valves are plastic and others are metal.
Some valves force blood.
Some valves have ball valves.
Some valves have both problems to varying degrees.
Some valves have flight.
Some valves have metering rods- long stainless steel rods that move up and down in a small hole.
Some valves have multiple functions that fall into more than one classification.
Some valves have small screens inside to protect the ports.
Some valves have teeth.
Some valves have valves.
Some valves incorporate a stop to prevent the valve being over-tightened.
Some valves incorporate the advantages of both flap and gate valves into a single design.
Some valves interfere with flow enough to cause blockages.
Some valves leave ventricles.
Some valves prevent backflows.
Some valves prevent fluid backflows.
Some valves use for locomotion.
Some valves use gases.
Some valves use valves that are opened with a straight-edge screwdriver.
Valved bends are a little different than normal diatonic bends.
Valved bends are more delicate and require more control to execute cleanly and clearly on pitch.
Valved couplings allow for storage of water in reservoir and hose.
Valvular abnormalities are one reason.
Valvular disease leads the way, being the most common heart disease in pregnancy.
Valvular involvement can present acutely as a result of edema of valvular tissue.
Valvular lesions heal completely or become progressively worse.
Valvular regurgitation can lead to abnormal cardiac function.
Valvular stenosis occurs when a valve opening is smaller than normal due to stiff or fused leaflets.
Valvular stenosis Requires surgical treatment.
Vamont soils are on smoother nearly level landscapes.
A vamp is a woman
Vamps are accompaniments.
Vamps are long and toes rounded.
Vamps are part of uppers.
Vamps come in regular or long.
Most vamps are in stock but all are sent subject to availability.
Some vamps know of their energy needs early in life and some later.
A vampire bat is a microbat
Vampire bats adapt to rainforests.
Vampire bats adopt orphans and share food with hungry roost mates.
Vampire bats adopt orphans and share food with roost-mates.
Vampire bats approach their prey on foot.
Vampire bats are a lot like other bats, but they are also very different.
Vampire bats are also nocturnal or active during night.
Vampire bats are amongst the most sociable of the chiropterans.
Vampire bats are bats whose food source is blood , a dietary trait called hematophagy .
Vampire bats are bats.
Vampire bats are brown.
Vampire bats are capable of jumping straight up and flying.
Vampire bats are common in Arizona.
Vampire bats are mammals.
Vampire bats are parasites.
Vampire bats are silent and their bites are painless.
Vampire bats are social animals that engage in reciprocal food exchange.
Vampire bats are still alive.
Vampire bats are the most agile bats.
Vampire bats are the only mammals that feed on nothing but blood.
Vampire bats are very adept in terrestrial locomotion.
Vampire bats are very agile on the ground.
Vampire bats are very interesting creatures.
Vampire bats are very small and generally drink the blood of animals and poultry.
Vampire bats can carry rabies, but it is rare.
Vampire bats come out at midnight to suck blood.
Vampire bats do exist elsewhere.
Vampire bats drink blood of several domesticated animals including cows, pigs, chickens, and goats.
Vampire bats drink blood.
Vampire bats drink chickens', horses' and pigs' blood.
Vampire bats drink cows' blood.
Vampire bats drop near their prey, scuttle softly over on wing tips.
Vampire bats emerge at nights.
Vampire bats feed on prey.
Vampire bats form strong bonds with other members of the colony.
Vampire bats have chemicals in their saliva that prevent the blood they are drinking from clotting.
Vampire bats have the fewest teeth of all bats.
Vampire bats have very specialized teeth.
Vampire bats parasitize a variety of animals, chiefly mammals.
Vampire bats tend to live in caves, trees, or buildings.
Vampire bats use infrared radiation to locate blood hotspots on their prey.
Vampire bats use their sharp teeth to cut the skin of other animals and birds to suck their blood.
Vampire bats use their sharp teeth to make a tiny slit in their prey's skin.
Most vampire bats emerge at nights.
Most vampire bats feed on prey.
Some vampire bats feed on blood.
Some vampire bats feed on peccaries.
Some vampire bats have distinction.
Some vampire bats have high intake.
Some vampire bats have high protein intake.
Some vampire bats have intake.
Some vampire bats have protein intake.
Some vampire bats regurgitate blood meals.
Vampire blood has interesting effects when used as an elixr of youth.
Vampire blood has no effect on the living dead.
Vampire fiction overwhelms the genre right now.
Vampire hunters investigate murders in a rural village.
Vampire squid is an apt name for a creature that lurks in the lightless depths of the ocean.
Vampire squids use filament.
Vampire squids use long filament.
Most vampire squids use filament.
Most vampire squids use long filament.
Some vampire squids have lifestyle.
Vampire westerns are usually anemic.
A vampire is evil spirit
Vampire bats stomachs and kidneys rapidly separate the water from the rest of the blood.
Vampire buffs unable to separate fantasy from reality are nothing new.
Vampire constitutes neither a reason or an excuse.
Vampire essays and short stories.
Vampire has conflict of heart over a victim.
Vampire has fantastic graphics.
Vampire is marketed as a modular product.
Vampire isa belief.
Vampire legends originate in occurrences of porphyria, a rare skin disorder.
Vampire looks and runs great.
Vampire rocks slowly back and forth.
Vampires also comprise a very small percentage of Goths.
Vampires also gain enhanced combat abilities at night, suffering penalties during the day.
Vampires also have greater reflexes than humans.
Vampires also suffer from holy water, treating it like acid.
Vampires appear in the folklore and legends of many cultures dating back to ancient times.
Vampires are a form of the hungry ghost.
Vampires are a very special case.
Vampires are able to eroticize whomever they desire, but that desire can be indirect.
Vampires are also highly sexual, and they often prey on members of both sexes.
Vampires are always rich, because they've lived a long time and accumulated stuff.
Vampires are another story.
Vampires are as boring as drug addicts.
Vampires are beings of transformation and metamorphosis.
Vampires are biocidal.
Vampires are blood relatives.
Vampires are capable of bites.
Vampires are cool.
Vampires are creatures of the night.
Vampires are creatures that maintain immortality by sucking blood from humans and animals.
Vampires are dead people that drink blood to survive.
Vampires are dead.
Vampires are dogs masters.
Vampires are energy feeders and feed off the blood and psychic and pranic energy of others.
Vampires are evil spirit.
Vampires are extremely intense people.
Vampires are for everyone.
Vampires are from outer space.
Vampires are great lead characters for stories, books and movies.
Vampires are increasingly rare on the Tour.
Vampires are intelligent agents.
Vampires are legendary for their endurance.
Vampires are legends.
Vampires are malleable creatures.
Vampires are mammals.
Vampires are multilingual.
Vampires are myth.
Vampires are naturally charming and witty creatures.
Vampires are neither demons to be destroyed, nor deities to be worshipped.
Vampires are nocturnal animals.
Vampires are normal people taken over by another being.
Vampires are on the loose.
Vampires are only creatures acting like humans.
Vampires are real.
Vampires are scary things.
Vampires are scary.
Vampires ARE seductive creatures that enthrall their victims.
Vampires are sexy and dark, a sexual russian roulette.
Vampires are similar to man in respect that no two are alike.
Vampires are slightly harder to kill.
Vampires are slightly more combustible than lighter fluid.
Vampires are so magical and mistical.
Vampires are soluble in blood and cause it to evaporate without leaving a film.
Vampires are some of the most popular villains in modern mythology.
Vampires are stated to freak out when they smell human blood.
Vampires are steril.
Vampires are stupid.
Vampires are supernatural.
Vampires are supposed to be noteworthy adversaries.
Vampires are terrestrial organisms.
Vampires are the beautiful people.
Vampires are the bodies of the dead, and ghosts are the spirits of the dead.
Vampires are the good guys now.
Vampires are the living dead.
Vampires are the most fearsome and fascinating of all creatures of folklore.
Vampires are the recently dead.
Vampires are the sexy monsters.
Vampires are the supreme manipulators, or so they thought.
Vampires are very romantic, tragic figures.
Vampires are warriors.
Vampires are wealthy, glamorous and have lots of exciting, interesting friends.
Vampires are without exception stunningly beautiful, and they are most certainly dangerous beings.
Vampires are wonderful people.
Vampires arouse strong popular interest and attract large print and film audiences.
Vampires attack in areas without hair or feathers or where the hair is scant.
Vampires attack our horses from time to time.
Vampires call for blood and the world trembles.
Vampires can be really frightening.
Vampires can bite monsters to suck the blood of the victim.
Vampires can breed with humans, but the birth always kills the mother.
Vampires can drink blood.
Vampires can eat real food or feed on mobs to eat and get back some hps.
Vampires can feed off dead bodies to recover health.
Vampires can move quicker, jump higher, leap at opponents.
Vampires can never resist light.
Vampires can only feed upon living blood, though from a variety of sources.
Vampires can sleep in the day.
Vampires can sleep upside down.
Vampires can spread their disease by killing an uninfected player.
Vampires can, however, build a type of immunity to sunlight depending on their age and constitution.
Vampires cause fear.
Vampires come from all countries and races.
Vampires come from all nationalities and races.
Vampires consider themselves immortal.
Vampires continue to be an important fixture on the cultural landscape, and no wonder.
Vampires crave the sensations of heightened awareness.
Vampires crawl about the city of Albuquerque, their fingers in every pie.
Vampires display no reflection in a mirror, nor do they cast a shadow.
Vampires do cut some pretty impressive poses.
Vampires do exist.
Vampires do it in the dark.
Vampires drink only blood.
Vampires exist on nearly every continent on Earth and in nearly every society.
Vampires exist outside of time.
Vampires exist where people fear to go, in the depths all that which culture shuns.
Vampires experience a calling to the darker forces and an affinity to a nocturnal lifestyle.
Vampires fear light, have pale skin, and grow fangs.
Vampires feasts the eye.
Vampires feed on the blood of warm-blooded animals such as birds, horses and cattle.
Vampires fly from their roosting caves at night to locate prey.
Vampires gather for a midnight portrait.
Vampires generally are male, and rabies is seven times more frequent in men than in women.
Vampires generate feelings of longing, lust and fear of disease and death.
Vampires get dates.
Vampires get the joy of flying around and living forever, werewolves get the joy of animal spirits.
Vampires go out and they get their blood and they go.
Vampires hate bright light.
Vampires hate country music.
Vampires hate garlic.
Vampires have a sense of style all their own.
Vampires have an aversion to garlic.
Vampires have an extreme durability to pain.
Vampires have an incredible healing ability.
Vampires have the patience and willpower necessary to devote considerable amounts of time to Do.
Vampires have weaknesses during the day.
Vampires love that taste, and thirst just naturally gors with the territory.
Vampires love to be hugged.
Vampires only suck blood at night.
Vampires play the flute.
Vampires practice the cult of drinking blood.
Vampires pull strings in the deadly games, while werewolves roam the woods.
Vampires require blood in order to live.
Vampires rule the night.
Vampires seem to be an endangered species of sorts.
Vampires spend eternity struggling for personal power.
Vampires stalk the streets at night.
Vampires suck blood.
Vampires turning into bats is found in Dracula.
Vampires sometimes attack people.
Vampires sometimes come in the form of cuddly house pets.
All vampires are bats.
All vampires get a free courage trait.
All Vampires go blind when the sun comes up.
All vampires have a soul, but it is trapped within the body.
All vampires penetrate via their bite.
All vampires wear leather and listen to loud, techno-dance music.
Many vampires are unable to cross moving water.
Many vampires have a limited form of empathy.
Most vampires can take a few moments of sunlight before they begin to burn, but it is painful.
Most vampires prey on the innocent.
Some vampires apparently have better table manners than others.
Some vampires develop substitute addictions who can range from chocolate to more serious drugs.
Some Vampires have almost as much trouble, particularly with the reversed-names thing.
Some vampires have origins.
Some vampires notice a change in muscle movement.
Some vampires prefer the expression thirst .
Some Vampires seek to gain control over the mortal world.
Some vampires wish to fight mummies, even if they have never met a mummy or been to Egypt.
Vampiric suggestion is much less powerful than it was at the beginning of the season.
A vampirism is an action
Vampirism is a psychosis.
Vampirism is a very interesting topic.
Vampirism is about hunger.
Vampirism is both a state of being and a life path.
Vampirism is everywhere.
Vampirism is seen as bad - it is something given by the gods of Erebus.
Vampirism is thus also a modified myth of self-love, narcissism.
Vampirisms are actions.
Vampirisms are beliefs.
Vampirized individuals lose hope, lack all energy or enthusiasm, and often commit suicide.
Van City is an authorized dealer for the following Mobility products.
VAN lines are proprietary communications networks.
Most van lines abandon their corporate discount clients to service higher paying customers.
Most van lines offer three different types of estimates.
A van is a car
Van isa social group.
Van transfer back to the inn.
Vans allow students to commute easily between all campuses.
Vans allow students to commute easily between campuses.
Vans also offers snowboard boots.
Vans also run regular routes to all residence halls and other campus buildings.
Vans are a practical option.
Vans are acceptable.
Vans are also available and somewhat cheaper.
Vans are always available for riding.
Vans are automobiles.
Vans are available at the terminal.
Vans are available for business, vacation, a replacement vehicle, or to evaluate before purchasing.
Vans are available for rent on a daily, weekly, monthly and long-term basis.
Vans are available for transit service with lifts and ambulatory seats.
Vans are available with wheelchair lifts for all size wheelchairs.
Vans are available.
Vans are campers.
Vans are capable of transport.
Vans are cars.
Vans are generally overcrowded and frequently travel at high rates of speed.
Vans are here, Inspector.
Vans are independent, but affectionate.
Vans are inexpensive and run nonstop during the daytime with no fixed schedule.
Vans are often convenient for tours, etc.
Vans are packed and groups depart for their sites.
Vans are shoes.
Vans are spacious and comfortable but have limited luggage space.
Vans are the exception to the normal Car limits.
Vans are the heart of our business.
Vans are trucks.
VANs are units of programmability, management, and security.
Vans are vehicles.
Vans are very independent, but affectionate.
Vans are wheelchair accessible.
Vans are white with green lettering and are wheelchair accessible.
Vans can pick up clients or the agency can provide bus tokens.
Vans come with way longer shoelaces than regular sneaks.
Vans deliver all guests from winery to hotel.
Vans deliver daily from our extensive warehouses.
Vans deliver to all libraries and other council buildings.
Vans depart for downtown from outside the baggage claim area.
Vans depart on a regular schedule.
Vans features a small sort of closed off area for beginners with all the usual stuff but smaller.
Vans fill up quickly, so please call early for reservations.
Vans go from the airport to various hotels.
Vans handle and respond one way when empty and another way when full of campers and equipment.
Vans have a maximum of capacity of eleven passengers.
Vans have engines located in either the front or the rear.
Vans have new tires.
Vans have pop-up roofs that provide excellent viewing and photography.
Vans have transmission systems.
Vans have windows.
Vans is a featured brand.
Vans is embroidered on back right side.
Vans is still big.
Vans leave about once an hour with a reservation.
Vans leave the airport every hour from various terminals.
Vans leave the main campus a few days before classes begin and return after the sessions end.
Vans logo on extra padded tongue.
Vans look like they nearly drowned in whipped cream.
VANs provide services where suppliers can retrieve the document.
Vans range from car-based small vans to lorries.
Vans run every half hour to the airport.
VANS sells skateboarding equipment, clothing, accessories and shoes.
VANs serve a number of community, business and social functions.
Vans shuttle to and from trail heads.
Vans take the wheelchair-bound to medical appointments and social events.
Vans travel enough miles every month to go to the moon and back.
VANs typically offer a secure, reliable and traceable means to exchanging data between partners.
Vans use galvanize steel.
Vans use steel.
VANs often provide additional services, such as audit reporting and translation.
All vans actually depart at their listed departure times.
All vans are well equipped, comfortable and homely.
All vans are wheelchair accessible and have room to transport two persons using wheelchairs.
All vans have full windows.
All vans have individual reclining seats, lights and vents.
All vans leave promptly from andrews parking lot.
All vans require reservations.
Every van can be custom built for each individual's specific needs.
Most VANs charge a monthly fee for maintaining a mailbox on their network.
Most vans have the ride and feel of a car and have all the amenities.
Most vans have windows.
Most vans use steel.
Some vans also make stops at other campus locations.
Some VANs also work better with other specific VANs.
Some vans are handicap accessible.
Some VANs do provide software, but only for their own services.
Some vans have de facto bouncers to deal with troublemakers.
Some vans have electric steps to assist ambulatory riders.
Some vans hit deer.
Some vans operate on fixed routes.
Some vans pickup and deliver at one location.
Vanadium compounds are used in advanced ceramics.
Vanadium compounds can cause severe liver damage.
A vanadium pentoxide is acid
Vanadium pentoxide can also be mixed with gallium to form superconductive magnets.
Vanadium pentoxide is used in ceramics and as a catalyst.
Vanadium is metal
Vanadium works like insulin, increasing the uptake of glucose by cells for use as energy.
Most vanadium is used as a steel alloy called ferrovanadium .
Vancouver island marmots have ranges.
Vancouver island marmots live in burrows.
Vancouver island marmots live in colonies.
Vancouver island marmots live in underground burrows.
Vancouver isa thing.
A vanda is an orchid
Vandas are heavy feeders and require large amounts of fertilizer.
Vandas are orchids.
Vandas are plants.
Vandas bloom with large, long-living flowers that bloom several times a year.
Vandas can bloom several times a year if properly fertilized.
Vandas prefer clay pots as they breathe better than plastic.
Most vandas are treetops on ridges along rivers and prefer bright light.
Some vandas bloom all year, which is a big plus.
Vandaceous things go into teak baskets, while wire baskets are a better choice for stanhopeas.
A vandal is a bad person
Vandals are Barbarian.
Vandals are criminals.
Vandals are destroyers.
Vandals are miscreants but they are human beings first.
Vandals are more likely to strike in dark places.
Vandals are one thing.
Vandals are savages.
Vandals are ships.
Vandals are tankers.
Vandals attack phone systems and cable-TV systems.
Vandals break windows and once started a fire inside.
Vandals can also delete, encrypt, or modify files on disk.
Vandals can also take advantage of cookies for malicious reasons.
Vandals can be a problem in community gardens.
Vandals can be good or bad students, girls or boys, whites or blacks, rich or poor.
Vandals can replicate on the Internet, almost at the speed of light.
Vandals Come up Few Points Short vs.
Vandals conquer North Africa.
Vandals cross from Spain into Africa.
Vandals damage first-place float Homecoming float was victim of vandalism.
Vandals do more than break mailboxes, they can destroy crops and fields.
Vandals do more than break mailboxes, they can destroys crops and fields.
Vandals enter Rome and plunder the city for two weeks.
Vandals have extensively damaged buildings on the site.
Vandals have no respect for anything.
Vandals like to destroy art of the ancient ones.
Vandals make mayhem.
Vandals sack Rome.
Vandals see property that's already been vandalized as an easy target.
Vandals shatter the top corner of the water window.
Vandals shimmy up poles using belts and ropes.
Vandals smash skylights and windows.
Vandals steal cars and wreak havoc.
Vandals take Carthage.
Vandals take possession of Libya.
Vandals tend to trash the cold, impersonal buildings.
Vandals frequently target trains.
Vandals sometimes break locks or destroy gates and fences and enter anyway.
Any vandal knows how easy it is to break things.
A vandalism is destruction
A vandalism is mischief
Vandalism alerts the management, other people and the police.
Vandalism breeds vandalism.
Vandalism can also make an area unsafe.
Vandalism can be a problem when fencing and vegetables are stolen.
Vandalism comes in many forms and robs citizens of time, money and personal property.
Vandalism continues to be a problem in our community.
Vandalism continues to decline every year.
Vandalism continues to tax the city's maintenance efforts for the building, as well.
Vandalism costs tax dollars.
Vandalism dates back centuries.
Vandalism destroys sites for scientific investigation and the enjoyment of others.
Vandalism forces security upgrades.
Vandalism is a concern.
Vandalism is a crime punishable by either incarceration or fine or both.
Vandalism is a crime which eats away at everyone's tax dollars.
Vandalism is a crime, even if that charge is being litigated in a juvenile delinquency hearing.
Vandalism is a crime.
Vandalism is a criminal offence.
Vandalism is a difficult and complex problem.
Vandalism is a growing problem.
Vandalism is a kind of parasitism born from the essence of millennial western civilization.
Vandalism is a low form of antisocial behavior.
Vandalism is a major problem in many areas and adversely affects the community in numerous ways.
Vandalism is a poor form of revenge.
Vandalism is a possibility in outdoor displays.
Vandalism is a possibility, and it's something railways deal with every day.
Vandalism is a problem at some trailheads.
Vandalism is a problem that gets to everyone in some form or another.
Vandalism is a problem, too.
Vandalism is a recurring problem.
Vandalism is a serious offense.
Vandalism is a serious problem and demands serious maintenance efforts.
Vandalism is a serious problem in many communities.
Vandalism is a sport here.
Vandalism is a very bad problem.
Vandalism is a widespread problem facing many churches today.
Vandalism is a willful destruction of property.
Vandalism is a willful or malicious act on public or private property.
Vandalism is almost impossible to detect and deter.
Vandalism is almost nonexistent.
Vandalism is also on the rise.
Vandalism is an example of a crime that is probably under-reported.
Vandalism is an iresponsable act.
Vandalism is an on-going problem.
Vandalism is any attempt to harm or destroy the operating system, application software, or data.
Vandalism is any disruptive edit.
Vandalism is believed to be the cause.
Vandalism is common crime on campus.
Vandalism is common, and the remote site attracts drinking parties.
Vandalism is commonplace and most tribal officials are either corrupt or ineffectual.
Vandalism is commonplace at all centers.
Vandalism is costly to the vandal.
Vandalism is damage to or destruction of the physical property of others.
Vandalism is defined as any attempt to harm or destroy data of another user or network.
Vandalism is defined as any malicious attempt to harm or destroy data of another member.
Vandalism is defined as any malicious attempt to harm or destroy data of another user.
Vandalism is defined as any malicious attempt to harm or destroy hardware or software.
Vandalism is defined as wilful damage.
Vandalism is defined here to mean any attempt to harm or destroy the data of another user.
Vandalism is disorderly behavior.
Vandalism is good when the victim is bad.
Vandalism is graded identically to theft of property.
Vandalism is highly likely due to the proximity of the community.
Vandalism is like other conventional criminal events.
Vandalism is most frequent in our south campus residence halls.
Vandalism is nonexistent, and the stations and cars are always bright and clean.
Vandalism is of course a much narrower offence.
Vandalism is only damage to or destruction of the physical property of others.
Vandalism is prevented as the system is inconspicuous.
Vandalism is probably the most maddening hazard, however.
Vandalism is punishable by fine or imprisonment.
Vandalism is seen as a mechanism for restoring equity in a relationship.
Vandalism is still a problem at the field.
Vandalism is still a problem.
Vandalism is the deliberate defacement, mutilation, or destruction of private or public property.
Vandalism is the destroying of someone else's property.
Vandalism is the main problem.
Vandalism is the most common reason for using protective glazing.
Vandalism is the number one problem in preserving the historical cemetaries of New Orleans.
Vandalism is the willful destruction of property.
Vandalism is unacceptable on every level.
Vandalism is unacceptable.
Vandalism is usually a crime of opportunity.
Vandalism is vandalism, from spray painting bathroom walls to crashing the campus computer network.
Vandalism is way down.
Vandalism is wrong under normal conditions.
Vandalism is, however, punishable by a fine or imprisonment.
Vandalism means deliberate damge to someone else's property, including school property.
Vandalism occurs there periodically.
Vandalism still goes around, young kids break the antennae on the cars.
Vandalism strikes at the heart of our sense of pride, privacy, and dignity.
Vandalism takes a toll as some students find great sport in disabling fire alarms.
Vandalisms are destruction.
Vandalisms remain under investigation Numerous campus car vandalism reports are still unexplained.
Vandalism often conceals another crime.
Vandalism often furthers the gangs reputation.
Vandalism often furthers the gang's reputation.
Most vandalism is from anonymous users.
Most vandalism is gone pretty quickly.
Most vandalism occurs because there is opportunity, and the thrill is a secondary benefit.
Some vandalism is easy to see.
Some vandalism is in evidence, and some artifact-hunters have carted away some specimens.
Some vandalism is to let people see their talent of art .
Some vandalism is to let people see their talent of art.
Vandalized cars dot the streets near the empty structure.
Vandermonde matrices arise in connection with fitting polynomials to data.
Vane pumps can run dry, but are subject to vane wear.
Vane pumps have better dry priming capability than other positive displacement pumps.
A vane is a mechanism
Vane isa mechanism.
Vane tears high or low usually require a movement of the nocking point down or up, respectively.
Vanes are also waterproof, which can be a significant factor when hunting in wet weather.
Vanes are available in a number of sizes, designs, and finishes.
Vanes are available in antiqued, polished copper and many other finishes.
Vanes are blades.
Vanes are composed of progressive branchings starting from the shaft.
Vanes are fins.
Vanes are less expensive, more durable, and easier to work with.
Vanes are part of arrows.
Vanes are part of feathers.
Vanes are part of missiles.
Vanes have (part) sections.
Vanes have a base on two sides.
Vanes now indicate direction.
Every vane is practically the same.
Some vanes are part of oars.
Some vanes are part of propellers.
Some vanes are part of turbines.
Vanguard funds are no-load.
Vanguard funds provide distinct advantages over separately managed accounts.
Vanguard rocket blows up.
All vanguard vehicles go through an extensive inspection and refurbishment programme.
A vanguard is a force
Vanguard allows investors the choice of reinvesting the dividends or taking a distribution.
Vanguard appreciates the opportunity to comment on the householding proposal.
Vanguard does custom laser cutting of many materials including wood, metal, and ceramics.
Vanguard focuses on the people it serves and on the people who provide the services.
Vanguard gains positions and dominates the list.
Vanguard hires outside managers for many of our funds, providing diversity of thought.
Vanguard meets with our prospective clients in person and by private appointment only.
Vanguard provides brilliant, crisp graphics.
Vanguard ranks among the top performing venture capital firms.
Vanguard ranks among the top performing venture capitol firms.
Vanguard seeks investors with a long-term perspective.
Vanguard stands behind every home to ensure customer satisfaction.
Vanguard votes the proxies for all of the fund's holdings.
Vanguards are mutual funds.
Vanguards are positions.
Vanguards are rockets.
Vani gardens is more than just a home.
Vanilla beans add flavor.
Vanilla beans have aroma.
Most vanilla beans add flavor.
Most vanilla beans have aroma.
Vanilla flavor comes from excretion.
Most vanilla flavor comes from excretion.
Vanilla orchids grow in shades.
Vanilla orchids produce aerial roots.
Vanilla orchids produce pollen.
Vanilla orchids produce roots.
Vanilla orchids thrive in areas.
Vanilla orchids thrive in tropical areas.
Most vanilla orchids grow in shades.
Most vanilla orchids produce aerial roots.
Most vanilla orchids produce pollen.
Most vanilla orchids produce roots.
Most vanilla orchids thrive in areas.
Most vanilla orchids thrive in tropical areas.
Some vanilla orchids come from families.
Vanilla soy milk has sugar.
Vanilla sugar is one of the requisites for a fine cuisine.
A vanilla is an orchid
Vanilla accounts for over half of the ice cream consumed .
Vanilla can be and is produced synthetically to a large extent.
Vanilla can be expensive.
Vanilla comes from an orchid that lives in the rainforest.
Vanilla comes from an orchid.
Vanilla comes out mahogany brown.
Vanilla enjoys it, anyway.
Vanilla extract -Combine chocolate chips and orange zest in a bowl.
Vanilla gives an unfamiliar bouquet and unusual flavor to fresh fruits.
Vanilla gives it a delicious fragrance and the ground almonds provide a beautifully textured soap.
Vanilla greets the taste buds followed by lots of fruit.
Vanilla growing has a high profitability.
Vanilla have clusters of small, yellowish flowers.
Vanilla is a digestive and stimulant, but in excess it is inflaming and irritating.
Vanilla is a less common orchid.
Vanilla is a really great flavor for taffy.
Vanilla is a species of orchid.
Vanilla is a system for building experimental programming languages.
Vanilla is anything but plain.
Vanilla is for men and chocolate for women.
Vanilla is much more than just a sweet and fragrant flavor.
Vanilla is native to the American tropics, but is now grown in most tropical areas.
Vanilla is one example.
Vanilla is one of many edible orchid species.
Vanilla is one of the best known and widely used flavors.
Vanilla is still first choice in ice cream flavors.
Vanilla is susceptible to many fungal and viral diseases.
Vanilla is unavailable, sorry.
Vanilla is vanilla essence.
Vanilla isa orchid.
Vanilla knows no boundaries in relationships.
Vanilla marries well with butter.
Vanilla orchid plants produce many aerial roots.
Vanilla pods, or beans as they are commonly called, are the fruit of an orchid.
Vanilla shakes Ice cream cakes Are the perks Of a soda jerk.
Vanillas are orchids.
Vanillas are plants.
Vanillas come from orchids.
Vanillas grow at farms.
Vanillas have (part) blossoms.
Vanillas have (part) carpels.
Vanillas have (part) cell membranes.
Vanillas have (part) cells.
Vanillas have (part) corpi.
Vanillas have (part) cytoplasm.
Vanillas have (part) flowers.
Vanillas have (part) nuclei.
Vanillas have (part) ovaries.
Vanillas have (part) perianths.
Vanillas have (part) plasma membranes.
Vanillas have (part) sections.
Vanillas have (part) stamens.
Vanillas have (part) vacuoles.
Vanillas have aromatic flavor.
Vanillas have flavor.
Vanillas have strong flavor.
Most vanillas come from orchids.
Most vanillas grow at farms.
Most vanillas have aromatic flavor.
Most vanillas have flavor.
Most vanillas have strong flavor.
Some vanilla is evident along with the hint of mint and dark berries that stays on the palate.
Some vanilla is evident from aging in the American oak barrels.
Some vanillas attract insects.
Some vanillas extract alcohol.
Some vanillas have applications.
Some vanillas have industrial applications.
Some vanillas have many applications.
Some vanillas have production.
A vanillin is a compound
Vanillin is a popular and valuable flavour compound.
Vanillin is made from wood and similar plant parts.
Vanillin is most prominent as the principal flavor and aroma compound in vanilla .
Vanity heights are high to prevent unnecessary bending.
Vanity numbers are extraordinarily valuable marketing tools for large and small businesses alike.
Vanity numbers are numbers which spell out words by reference to the letters on a telephone keypad.
Vanity plates are very popular.
Every vanity plate is created on heavy aluminum with a baked on enamel imprint.
Vanity publications can and do appear.
Vanity publishers are basically a one shot deal.
Vanity publishers provide a one-time service.
Vanity publishers provide no editing, marketing, warehousing, or promotional services.
All vanity publishers are in the business of making money.
Vanity publishing is for naive victims with more money than sense.
Vanity publishing is old-fashioned, expensive and unsatisfying.
Vanity sites are the real name for most types of web sites.
All vanity sites have a mail- to link symbolized by an animated mail icon of some sort.
All vanity sites have a mail-to link symbolized by an animated mail icon of some sort.
Vanities also tell a story, one with few characters but much meaning.
Vanities are separate from the toilet and shower.
Vanities can do much more than just hold up the bath-room sink.
Vanities Consider door knobs that have the best grip when selecting vanities.
Vanities does contain some adult language.
Vanities provide additional storage.
Vanity asks the question is it popular.
Vanity calls Archived callsign reports .
Vanity causes a desire to grooms.
Vanity has no place in masters records.
Vanity is a distorted sense of worth.
Vanity is a human character trait.
Vanity is a result of insecurity, as is conceit.
Vanity is a terrible thing.
Vanity is an all natural product that has virtually no side effects.
Vanity is an excessive preoccupation with appearance.
Vanity is an important thing.
Vanity is another motive of immense potency.
Vanity is nothing new either.
Vanity is one manifestation of fear.
Vanity is one thing.
Vanity is part of the human being.
Vanity is pride
Vanity is pride.
Vanity is something others have.
Vanity is such a large, hollow trap.
Vanity is the biggest danger for all human enterprises.
Vanity is the despoiler.
Vanity is the emptiness within that is a result of pride.
Vanity is the first thing to go.
Vanity is the last thing.
Vanity is the most important trait for a man to have.
Vanity is the only obstacle of life.
Vanity is the seed for many a politician.
Vanity is the sin of a cosmetic christian word of today.
Vanity is the snake's weak point.
Vanity is thy game's name.
Vanity is vanity.
Vanity is vast in children.
Vanity is what others have.
Vanity Is What Others Have.
Vanity makes people tiresome and boring.
Vanity means conceit, excessive pride in one's appearance.
Vanity means thinking of oneself as being superior to others.
Vanity never stops anyone.
Vanity recruits new members each fall semester.
Vanity rules the world.
Vanity sees it in the mirror of other men and lives.
Vanity working on a weak head, produces every sort of mischief.
Vanity works both ways.
Vanity works for most women, most of the time.
Much vanity comes in at the eye.
Much vanity is in the world.
Vans shoes have some of the most grippy soles around.
A vantage point is a vantage
Vantage point is from foot of the bed.
A vantage is a position
Vantage also offers merchant accounts.
Vantage can also provide consultants with particular technical expertise for short-term assignments.
Vantage can assume full responsibility , committing to a specific deliverable, time line, and cost.
Vantage is a uniquely powerful reading tool.
Vantage is much more than lighting controls.
Vantage is pleased to extend a discount for all groups of ten or more full paying passengers.
Vantage is the clear choice.
Vantage is ultra-responsive.
Vantage offers a variety of keypads.
Vantage offers the only five-year warranty in the industry.
Vantage offers their products blank or custom embroidered.
Vantage provides a variety of services for promotion.
VAntAGE supports the use of zipfiles for both ROM sets and sample sets.
Vantages are positions.
Vanuatu isa thing.
Vapor barrier is installed separately.
Vapor barriers are important in controlling moisture in insulation.
Vapor barriers can be socks, jackets, gloves, pants or sleeping bag liners.
Vapor barriers control the flow of moisture through the building envelope.
Vapor barriers control the moisture from entering or exiting an interior wall.
Vapor barriers help prevent moisture from getting into the insulation.
Vapor barriers keep moisture from penetrating and condensing in the insulation.
Vapor barriers prevent moisture vapor from moving from one area to another.
Vapor barriers slow the movement of water vapor through building materials.
Vapor density is a measure of a vapor's weight when compared to air.
Vapor density is relative density
Vapor density is relative density.
Vapor density is the weight of a vapor relative to the weight of air.
Vapor deposition is employed in the production of microelectronic devices and related products.
Vapor deposition is old art.
A vapor lock is stoppage
Vapor lock is a common problem in hot weather.
Vapor lock is caused when the gasoline boils in the fuel line.
Vapor pressure becomes the critical factor.
Vapor pressure decreases as altitude increases.
Vapor pressure depends only on temperature.
Vapor pressure diagrams.
Vapor pressure increases with temperature.
Vapor pressure is a function of temperature.
Vapor pressure is a function of the substance and of the temperature.
Vapor pressure is a measure of a liquid's volatility.
Vapor pressure is a measure of water content in the atmosphere under given conditions.
Vapor pressure is a property of liquids and solids.
Vapor pressure is about liquids boiling.
Vapor pressure is directly proportional to temperature.
Vapor pressure is high above a volatile liquid.
Vapor pressure is inversely proportional to attractive forces.
Vapor pressure is pressure
Vapor pressure is pressure.
Vapor pressure is the pressure exerted by the gaseous phase on the liquid phase of a material.
Vapor pressure is the pressure exerted by water molecules in a mixture of air.
Vapor pressure is the pressure of gas at the surface of a liquid that is evaporating.
Vapor pressure is very low.
Vapor pressure plays a major rule in the life and formation of secondary organic aerosol.
Vapor pressure relates to hot-temperature performance and evaporative losses.
Vapor recovery is a hallmark of current German regulation.
Vapor recovery nozzles on gasoline pumps.
Vapor acts as simple asphyxiant, reducing oxygen available for breathing and is heavier than air.
Vapor analytes with hetero-atom functionality can in some cases be detected at single ppbv levels.
Vapor barriers Bulk process materials can put a real burden on warehouse space.
Vapor becomes clouds.
Vapor can travel distance to ignition source and flash back.
Vapor can travel distances to ignition source and flash back.
Vapor causes few problems.
Vapor causes problems.
Vapor changes into water.
Vapor comes from evaporation.
Vapor comes from water.
Vapor condenses into raindrops.
Vapor condenses into spherical raindrops.
Vapor condenses on part to be cleaned and rinses clean.
Vapor condenses to form liquid.
Vapor contributes to clouds.
Vapor creates health problems.
Vapor creates problems.
Vapor drives travel from an area of high relative humidity to low relative humidity.
Vapor enters atmospheres.
Vapor evaporates from surfaces.
Vapor exists in atmospheres.
Vapor falls as rain.
Vapor floats in air.
Vapor forms a connected cluster inside the system and spans it.
Vapor forms clouds.
Vapor forms explosive mixtures with air.
Vapor forms fumes on contact with moist air.
Vapor forms high clouds.
Vapor forms precipitation.
Vapor has absorption.
Vapor has effects.
Vapor has foreign particles.
Vapor has particles.
Vapor has strong effects.
Vapor is a gas.
Vapor is a suspension
Vapor is composed of tiny drops of water that are light enough to stay airborne.
Vapor is encouraged to move from higher to lower pressure, i.e., to the outside of the garment.
Vapor is expelled, thereby protecting the tank from dangerous over-pressurization.
Vapor is gases.
Vapor is heavier than air and can cause suffocation by reducing oxygen available for breathing.
Vapor is heavier than air and can cause suffocation by reducing the available oxygen for breathing.
Vapor is heavier than air and can cause suffocation by reducing the oxygen available for breathing.
Vapor is heavier than air and can travel to source of ingnition and flashback.
Vapor is heavier than air and danger of flashback exists.
Vapor is heavier than air.
Vapor is located in air.
Vapor is of greater density than heat and of lesser density than water.
Vapor is produced by evaporate water.
Vapor is produced by evaporation.
Vapor is produced by liquid water.
Vapor is produced by water.
Vapor is pumped through a high capacity condenser then compressed in a purge vessel.
Vapor is pure combination of essential oils.
Vapor is slight irritant.
Vapor is suspensions.
Vapor isa suspension.
Vapor leaves the top of the evaporator.
Vapor lock in the hot engine prevented the car from starting.
Vapor loses heat.
Vapor makes problems.
Vapor mixes with air.
Vapor needs to be deleted.
Vapor poses another barrier to developing life.
Vapor reduces amount of oxygen available for breathing.
Vapor reduces oxygen available for breathing and is heavier than air.
Vapor reduces transpiration.
Vapor rings fire across a classroom.
Vapor rises in ghostly wreaths about corner hydrants.
Vapor rises in masses as great as mountains, Then it seeks the green, blue and orange on earth.
Vapor rises into air.
Vapor surrounds the planet but is unevenly distributed.
Vapor suspends in air.
Vapor takes care of that, no sweat.
Vapor turns into liquid water.
Vapor turns into liquids.
Vapor turns into precipitation.
Vapor turns into water.
Vapor virtuoso One company's controlled vapor system earned a patent last year.
Vapors are corrosive to the mucous membranes of the upper respiratory tract.
Vapors are flammable.
Vapors are heavier than air and can accumulate in low areas.
Vapors are heavier than air.
Vapors are important to the burning process because a.
Vapors are probably narcotic in high concentrations.
Vapors are richer in lighter boiling fractions.
Vapors are the difference.
Vapors are unlikely due to physical properties.
Vapors are very toxic.
Vapors attack the central nervous system.
Vapors can cause acute as well as chronic poisoning.
Vapors can cause coughing, labored breathing and in severe cases, death.
Vapors can cause eye irritation.
Vapors can cause flash fire.
Vapors can cause headache, dizziness and fatigue.
Vapors can cause headaches and dizziness, convulsions and unconsciousness.
Vapors can cause headaches, dizziness and stupor.
Vapors can cause headaches, dizziness, nausea and in severe cases, death.
Vapors can cause headaches, dizziness, nausea, labored breathing and in severe cases, death.
Vapors can cause headaches.
Vapors can cause labored coughing, labored breathing and in severe cases, death.
Vapors can cause respiratory distress.
Vapors can cause strong respiratory irritation.
Vapors can develop in the mostly empty tank.
Vapors can flow along surfaces to distant ignition source and flash back.
Vapors can flow along surfaces to low lying areas.
Vapors can form explosive mixtures in air at elevated temperatures.
Vapors can form explosive mixtures with air.
Vapors can ignite, store away from heat and open flame.
Vapors can induce heart attacks.
Vapors can irritate eyes.
Vapors can irritate the eyes.
Vapors can irritate the nose, throat and lungs.
Vapors can travel along the ground and can be ignited be a nearby flame or spark.
Vapors can travel considerable distance to a source of ignition and result in flashback.
Vapors can travel to a source of ignition and flash back.
Vapors can travel to source of ignition and flash back.
Vapors cause eye irritation.
Vapors cause irritation of nose .
Vapors cause irritation to mucous membranes.
Vapors cause irritation to the eyes with redness, pain, and blurred vision.
Vapors cause irritation.
Vapors displace air and can cause asphyxiation in confined spaces.
Vapors enter the respiratory system directly with inhaled air.
Vapors evaporate from liquids, such as pesticides, paints, adhesives, and lacquer thinner.
Vapors evaporate into the air from liquids such as solvents.
Vapors evaporate into the air from liquids, such as solvents.
Vapors fill a space then cool.
Vapors form an explosive mixture with air between the upper and lower explosive limits.
Vapors form explosive vapors with air, keep away from open flame or heat.
Vapors have objectionable odor.
Vapors irritate the eyes with redness and pain.
Vapors irritate the nose, throat and lungs.
Vapors quickly accumulate.
Vapors quickly enter the body.
Vapors reach target tissues within minutes.
Vapors released by activated heater can displace oxygen.
Vapors severely irritate the eyes.
Vapors severely irritate the mucous membranes and respiratory tract.
Vapors then rise up to the brain, and take shapes that often image falsehood, but sometimes truth.
Most vapor becomes clouds.
Most vapor causes few problems.
Most vapor causes problems.
Most vapor comes from evaporation.
Most vapor comes from water.
Most vapor creates health problems.
Most vapor creates problems.
Most vapor exists in atmospheres.
Most vapor falls as rain.
Most vapor forms high clouds.
Most vapor has absorption.
Most vapor has effects.
Most vapor has foreign particles.
Most vapor has particles.
Most vapor has strong effects.
Most vapor is produced by evaporate water.
Most vapor is produced by evaporation.
Most vapor is produced by liquid water.
Most vapor is produced by water.
Most vapor loses heat.
Most vapor makes problems.
Most vapor reduces transpiration.
Most vapor rises into air.
Most vapor turns into liquid water.
Most vapor turns into liquids.
Most vapor turns into precipitation.
Most vapor turns into water.
Most vapors are heavier than air and collect near the floor.
Most vapors are heavier than air.
Some vapor always exists in the atmosphere.
Some vapor absorbs long wave radiation.
Some vapor absorbs microwave radiation.
Some vapor absorbs radiation.
Some vapor absorbs wave radiation.
Some vapor becomes liquids.
Some vapor carries heat.
Some vapor causes nausea.
Some vapor combines with carbon dioxide.
Some vapor combines with dioxide.
Some vapor comes from oceans.
Some vapor comes into contact.
Some vapor contains carbon.
Some vapor creates burn sensation.
Some vapor creates dew.
Some vapor creates sensation.
Some vapor falls to earth.
Some vapor freezes into tiny ice crystals which attract cooled water drops.
Some vapor has energy levels.
Some vapor has levels.
Some vapor leads to heat.
Some vapor loses pressure.
Some vapor passes through stomata.
Some vapor pushes turbines.
Some vapor reduces pressure.
Some vapor releases energy.
Some vapor releases heat energy.
Some vapor turns into crystal.
Some vapor turns into water ice crystal.
Vaporised water cools on glass and shrinks to form a liquid.
Vaporization can occur in temperatures as low as zero degrees.
Vaporization can occur through either evaporation or boiling.
Vaporization continues by further heat supply to the system until no liquid is left.
Vaporization increases the risk of poisoning.
Vaporization increases when ambient pressure is decreased.
Vaporization increases with increase in temperature or with decrease in pressure.
Vaporization increases with rises in temperature.
Vaporization is an alternative to smoking .
Vaporization is an alternative to smoking.
Vaporization is an endothermic process.
Vaporization is annihilation.
Vaporization is effective right away.
Vaporization is even better.
Vaporization is less complete if the soil is saturated.
Vaporization is located within the impoundment system.
Vaporization is obliteration
Vaporization is phase change.
Vaporization is the conversion of a liquid to a gas.
Vaporization is the most precise surgical tool available for the removal of endometriosis.
Vaporization is the physical change of a liquid to a gas.
Vaporization is the process by which solid and liquid is turned into a gaseous form.
Vaporization is the process of converting a liquid into a gas.
Vaporization is when a person is murdered by being turned into vapors.
Vaporization isa destruction.
Vaporization occurs when a liquid changes into the gaseous state.
Vaporization occurs when a liquid gins enough energy to become gas.
Vaporization prevents the fuel pump from delivering sufficient gasoline to the engine.
Vaporization releases the active ingredient in a smoking material without actually burning it.
Vaporized minerals condense when they meet cooler surroundings.
Vaporized zirconium reacts with nitrogen and another special gas to form a durable plated surface.
Vaporized zirconium reacts with nitrogen and other gases to form a VERY durable plated surface.
A vaporizer is a device
Vaporizers are existing technology that can be rapidly tested and improved.
Vaporizers are less portable and concealable than pipes.
Vaporizers are only useful where there is electric power.
Vaporizers Never leave vaporizer unattended or near combustibles.
Vaporizers produce a warm stream, which can be used for cough and cold symptoms.
Vaporizers sometimes fail to satisfy longtime smokers who associate burning lungs with getting high.
Vapour barriers minimize the flow of water vapour into and through insulation.
Vapour clouds are produced by mist.
Vapour pressure decreases when the temperature is reduced.
Vapour pressure decreases with temperature decrease.
Vapour pressure increases when temperatures rise, as surface molecules increase in kinetic energy.
Vapour pressure is a measure of how easily a liquid vaporises, or changes into a gas.
Vapour pressure is an indicator of how easily a chemical evaporates into the air.
Vapour pressure is independant of the relative amounts of the two states.
Vapour pressure is pressure
Vapour pressure means the tendency of a liquid or solid to volatilise.
Vapour acts as a respiratory, skin and eye irritant.
Vapour becomes water.
Vapour condenses into droplets.
Vapour contributes to precipitation.
Vapour enters atmospheres.
Vapour forms an explosive mixture with air.
Vapour forms clouds.
Vapour forms cumulonimbus clouds.
Vapour goes through the bubble cap and bubbles through condensed petroleum.
Vapour is harmful on prolonged exposure or in high concentration.
Vapour is heavier. than air and anaesthetic.
Vapour is narcotic at high concentrations.
Vapour is narcotic in high concentrations.
Vapour is physical change
Vapour is seen as the cold liquid cools the beaker and surrounding air.
Vapour is severe irritant to the eyes, mucous membranes and respiratory tract.
Vapour is very irritating.
Vapour isa suspension.
Vapour rises into air.
Vapours are highly flammable and creep at ground level.
Vapours are in equilibrium with the solids or liquids from which they originate.
Vapours are reactive with most organics.
Vapours represent the most insidious of hazards.
Most vapour becomes water.
Most vapour rises into air.
Some vapour affects weather.
Some vapour passes through turbines.
Some vapour penetrates wombs.
Some vapour produces effects.
Some vapour produces give effects.
A vaquero is a cowboy
Vaqueros bring cattle north from Mexico into Texas, California, and other parts of the Southwest.
A vaquita is a porpoise
Vaquita are shy, rather secretive animals.
Vaquita have a dark coloring around the eyes and mouth .
Vaquita have a dark coloring around the eyes and mouth.
Vaquitas are found only near the northern end of the Gulf of California .
Vaquitas are the only porpoise species adapted to living in warm water.
Vaquitas avoid boats and are very evasive.
Vaquitas have highly seasonal reproduction.
Vaquitas tend to forage near lagoons.
A var is a power unit
VARs also perform various multivariate residual based diagnostics.
VARs also provide installation, service, and training.
VARs are good at understanding the network.
VARs are like stock options, but require no upfront money on the part of workers.
VARs are one of the most important points of contact for our customers.
VARs are resellers who have found a niche business to cater to a certain type of client.
Vars are rivers.
VARs are the multivariate version of univariate time series regressions.
VARs buy web space from ISPs and resell sites to end users.
VARs can bundle multiple set-ups in one order.
VARs expect profit margins to increase in many product areas, over the next year.
VARs face a difficult balancing act.
VARs generally focus on a particular vendor's products or a particular industry's applications.
VARs take many forms.
VARs typically employ the same number of lags for each variable.
Many VARs report that services are twice as profitable as equipment sales.
Most VARS are web designers, PC repair shops, or Internet related companies.
A vara is a linear measure
Vara also offers some great clinics and seminars on ski racing.
Variabilities exist between and within donor specimens.
Variability affects values.
Variability arises from something outside of the domain that psychology is intended to explain.
Variability arising from fast speaking rates is the least well accounted for.
Variability can cost effectively exist between different syntaxes.
Variability comes into play a lot in wind turbines.
Variability contributes to diversity.
Variability has effects.
Variability helps in the survival of the fittest.
Variability here arises primarily from normal gene reshuffling.
Variability however is considerable.
Variability increases chances.
Variability is a biological fact.
Variability is a central feature of the gamma-ray sky.
Variability is a description of the tails of our curve - that is of the spread of scores.
Variability is a good thing.
Variability is also important to know about when gathering and analyzing data.
Variability is also very high in the region among temperate fruits.
Variability is an illusion of dimension.
Variability is an inherent aspect of our world .
Variability is an integral part of biology.
Variability is associated with eddies, phenomena similar to weather patterns in the atmosphere.
Variability is discovered in the archived data.
Variability is governed by many unknown laws, more especially by that of correlation of growth.
Variability is greater than desired.
Variability is greatest in winter compared to the other seasons.
Variability is high in the regions of low rainfall.
Variability is high.
Variability is huge.
Variability is local.
Variability is measured by evaluating discrete sites in a field over time.
Variability is necessary because of the different exchange and line connection types.
Variability is normal, especially for humans.
Variability is observed at a wide variety of periods.
Variability is present in machines, materials, methods, people, environment, and measurements.
Variability is present in the expression of the disorder.
Variability is probably the biggest issue with the oral agents.
Variability is quality
Variability is random error that affects the ability to reproduce results.
Variability is still evident within fields as part of the fields have yet to tassel.
Variability is the degree to which scores in a distribution are spread out.
Variability is the law of life.
Variability is the necessary basis for the action of selection, and is wholly independent of it.
Variability is the raw material for natural selection.
Variability is the result of human error in comprehending it.
Variability is treated extensively.
Variability isa quality.
Variability makes interpretation of results difficulty.
Variability makes it a fun time and highly replayable.
Variability occurs in the later development of the spur.
Variability refers to the actual variation of exposure conditions, intake, etc, in a population.
Variability refers to the spread of dispersion of the data.
Variability refers to the uncertainty in a supply chain.
Variability reflects differences.
Variability relates to differences.
Variability shapes behavioral generalization functions in humans and animals.
Variability always crops up in the manufacturing and packaging process.
Most variability affects values.
Most variability has effects.
Most variability increases chances.
Most variability occurs within rather than among populations, for both species.
Most variability reflects differences.
Most variability relates to differences.
Much variability exists in the composition of similar organic materials.
Some variability arises from the differences in growth stage at the time of application.
Some variability creates patterns.
Some variability creates pressure.
Some variability creates selective pressure.
Some variability creates variable selective pressure.
Some variability is on the time scale of decades to hundred of years.
Variable accounts are professionally managed portfolios much like mutual funds.
Variable accounts offer the risks and rewards of investing in the stock market.
Variable accounts receive whatever earnings are available for distribution.
Variable annuities are a blend of a mutual fund and a standard annuity.
Variable annuities are also insurance contracts designed for retirement savings.
Variable annuities are an excellent tool for investors seeking tax-deferred growth.
Variable annuities are essentially mutual funds with an insurance policy.
Variable annuities are essentially mutual funds wrapped in an insurance package.
Variable annuities are essentially tax-deferred mutual funds.
Variable annuities are for investors who are willing to take a little more investment risk.
Variable annuities are less complicated than a lot of people think.
Variable annuities are long-term investments designed for retirement purposes.
Variable annuities are long-term investments suitable for retirement funding.
Variable annuities are long-term investments.
Variable annuities are mutual funds wrapped in a tax-deferred wrapper.
Variable annuities are mutual funds wrapped inside a life insurance policy.
Variable annuities are one of the fastest-growing insurance products.
Variable annuities are one of the insurance industry's most aggressively sold products.
Variable annuities are one such type of investment.
Variable annuities are one way to supplement income in retirement.
Variable annuities are tax-deferred retirement plans.
Variable annuities are the most popular type.
Variable annuities are uncertain compared to fixed annuities.
Variable annuities are uncertain compared to traditional fixed-dollar annuities.
Variable annuities carry greater risk and growth potential for retirement income.
Variable annuities contain investment pools much like mutual funds.
Variable annuities differ from mutual funds in several important ways.
Variable annuities enjoy tax deferral as a matter of law.
Variable annuities guarantee a payment, usually at retirement.
Variable annuities invest in bond and stock mutual funds.
Variable annuities involve investment risk, including possible loss of principal and interest.
Variable annuities involve investment risks including the possible loss of principal.
Variable annuities library Our collection of stories and news on variable annuities.
Variable annuities offer a choice of investment options.
Variable annuities offer a choice of stock, bond or money market portfolios.
Variable annuities offer a variety of stock and bond investment alternatives.
Variable annuities pay a rate that is determined by market conditions.
Variable annuities promise an income for life, but they don t promise any particular amount.
Variable annuities provide investment flexibility and the ability to participate in market returns.
Variable annuities provide payouts based on the value of underlying mutual fund investments.
All variable annuities require a prospectus, and the fees are detailed in a table near the front.
All variable annuities require an AIR as the basis for the initial and subsequent payments.
Many variable annuities have back-end surrender charges.
Most variable annuities have accounts tied to stocks, bonds and money market securities.
Most variable annuities provide for withdrawal of a specified amount free of charge.
Some variable annuities offer an enhanced death benefit.
Variable application leads to adequate fertilization of the productive areas of a field.
Variable area flow with friction and heat transfer.
Variable arrangements provide for daily, weekly, monthly or annual fluctuations in schedule.
Variable arrays are a collection of variables with the same name that are referenced by an index.
Variable assignment works only when the variable to be assigned to has a mutable binding.
Variable buttons are on the left.
Variable c has no common factor.
Variable c is passed by reference with pointers.
Variable capacitor is made by power diode.
Variable capacitors consist of two interleaved sets of metal plates, one set fixed and one movable.
Some variable cells are pleiomorphic.
Variable characters are in italics .
Variable climate can also affect flow appearance.
Variable compensation refers to employee rewards that are based on performance.
Variable compression allows a wide range of quality and filesize.
Variable content depends on areas visited.
Variable contracts are available on either a single premium or flexible premium basis.
Variable control allows for the most efficient operation.
Variable cost affects production.
Variable cost affects short run production.
Variable costs are constant per volume.
Variable costs are costs that a company can control, or which it incurs as it makes sales.
Variable costs are costs that can be allocated to a specific unit of production.
Variable costs are costs that vary depending on the level of production.
Variable costs are costs to external customers.
Variable costs are expenses that do vary with the amount of service provided or goods produced.
Variable costs are near zero, and as a result, market share means everything.
Variable costs are relatively easy to link with a train's operations.
Variable costs are usually the single largest element of cost in the equation.
Variable costs can change rapidly, often without warning.
Variable costs change proportionately with sales activity.
Variable costs demand variable rates.
Variable costs increase as work is done.
Variable costs occur because of the decision to purchase additional inputs for use in production.
Variable costs rise and fall as business increases or decreases.
Variable costs tend to be lower.
Variable costs vary with output e.g. raw materials, components, labour.
Most variable cost affects production.
Most variable cost affects short run production.
Variable credit is available by special arrangement.
Variable credit is available by special arrangements.
Variable credit is awarded in a few classes.
Variable credit is awarded, depending on the size of the project.
Variable credit means credits received depends on hours worked.
Variable credits increase flexibility for modular or full-length courses.
Variable data can include items such as control numbers, alphanumeric, or bar codes.
Variable data is also cost effective.
Variable data is taken from a database and merged on to a form.
Variable deceleration occurs at various times in relation to uterine contractions.
Variable declarations are optional.
Variable declarations construct code to assign to the newly declared variables.
Variable definition is a declaration with storage allocation.
Variable definitions can be recursive.
Variable delays introduced by buffering or network jitter are unacceptable.
Variable display ranges.
Variable distribution can be difficult to evaluate.
Variable expansion depends on the character context.
Variable expansion is permitted in the file name.
Variable expenses are expenses that can be controlled and which change from month to month.
Variable expenses are flexible payments that change form month to month.
Variable expenses are more suited to in-kind funding due to the changing dollar amounts.
Variable expenses are subject to a certain amount of control.
Variable expenses can quickly take over the budget.
Variable fields are tab-separated.
Variable fields consist of heading fields and descriptive fields.
Variable fields have more flexibility but require more configuring.
Variable fields have no maximum length.
Variable filters require na times more memory than the data itself.
Variable functions can also play an important role in the structuring of large systems.
Variable game play speed adjustment for additional customization.
Variable gravity is used to test how our bodies function in different environments.
Variable hours provide good ski time, and jobs usually bring benefit of food while working.
Any variable income is unaffected by famine.
Variable increases are possible depending on the extent of active hepatocellular injury.
Variable indices are a major feature of the program, and are described in some detail.
Variable information appears in italic type .
Some Variable Instances Can Be Special while Others Are Lexical.
Variable instantiation occurs as a result of matching.
Variable intensity is just right on bright or cloudy days or under lights at night.
Variable intensity means that correct stimulation can be achieved.
Variable labor is incremental.
Variable lesions change without warning.
Variable life can do anything whole or universal life can do but with considerably more flexibility.
Variable life combines both term and investment options, and therefore, it's a more complex product.
Variable life offers protection with an investment feature.
Variable lighting offers complete flexibility for high-light meetings or intimate banquets.
Variable m is bound to a reference to an integer.
Variable magnification allows close-up viewing of sports and nature.
Variable mains transformers Variable mains transformers are very useful.
Variable missions offer excitement, surprise, and long-term play.
Variable modulation is used to transmit the collected information.
Variable name is letters, digits, underscores.
Variable name refers to a global variable or a local variable in the same function.
Variable name used in an input script line is invalid.
Variable names are above each column.
Variable names are case insensitive.
Variable names are case sensitive.
Variable names are case-insensitive.
Variable names are case-sensitive.
Variable names are just a mnemonic way of refering to memory addresses.
Variable names are limited.
Variable names are only a single character.
Variable names are unique to each equate.
Variable names begin with a letter followed by zero or more letters or digits.
Variable names can also be very long.
Variable names can appear alone, or inside or outside of boxes, circles, hexagons, and other shapes.
Variable names can appear more than once.
Variable names can be more descriptive of the values they represent.
Variable names can contain any characters, but by convention they are words separated by hyphens.
Variable names can contain spaces and special characters.
Variable names can use letters, numbers, and most punctuation marks, with the following limitations.
Variable names consist of a letter, followed by any number of letters, underscores or digits.
Variable names consist of alphanumerics, hyphens and colons and start with an alphanumeric.
Variable names dip understands only a predefined set of variables.
Variable names ending in a period can cause errors in commands created by the dialog boxes.
Variable names have a very different meaning in Functional programming.
Variable names have initial lowercase and the rest of the words have an initial capital letter.
Variable names start with lower case letters and are all lower case if they are one word in length.
Variable names start with lower case.
Variable names suffer the same restrictions as data set names.
Variable names used within variables are no longer case sensitive.
All variable names are case sensitive.
All variable names are case-insensitive.
Most variable overrides modify the values of flags or the names of commands executed in recipes.
Variable oversight is another innovative practice that streamlines the cleanup process.
Variable P is the number of Fibers simulated.
Variable parameters allow information to be passed into and back out of a subroutine.
Variable patterns are much more difficult to define and handle.
Variable pay is far better than traditional pay according to unbiased observers.
Variable pay is one solution.
Variable pay is the primary performance reward.
Variable pay provides the option of reinforcing the concept of salary management.
Variable pay represents a small portion of the overall salary increases.
Variable pitch makes the craft extremely maneuverable, able to move sideways and turn on the spot.
All variable policies allow policyholders to invest their premiums in a stock portfolio.
Variable porosity means variable thicknesses in the overlying glaze.
Variable power allows ascent, hover, and slow descent.
Variable power scopes the magnification can be adjusted according to the distance of view needed.
Variable practice is when the person hits one particular stroke, but varies the shot.
Variable presentations are also common in the extremes of age.
Variable pressure causes vibrato.
Variable prices are the downfall of every well informed better at the horse track.
Variable prices depend on the nature and scope of the work being performed.
Variable prices pending on course, see handbill or telephone for rates.
Variable pricing occurs when the value of an item changes due to season, place or fashion.
Variable products are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
Variable products have unique fee schedules and are intended as long-term investments.
Variable purchase amounts .
Variable rate reduces annually if all payments met.
Variable rates are subject to change monthly.
Variable rates are subject to increase during the loan term.
Variable reactivity is sen in follicular dendritic cells.
Variable refraction causes image distortion.
Variable resistance adapts to natural strength curve.
Variable resistance is hawked to imply a quality otherwise missing.
Variable resistance makes it perfect for everyone from beginners to athletes.
A variable resistor is a resistor
Variable resistors are also available.
Variable resistors measure arm movement at the elbow.
Variable salinity supports other evidence of subsurface phase separation.
Some variable salinity occurs in conditions.
Variable schedule includes days, some weekends and holidays.
Variable schedules create excellence.
Variable scheduling is available.
Variable selection is fundamental to statistical modeling.
Variable shifts are available and no experience is required.
Variable shifts are available.
Variable sibling is entered.
Variable signatures are usually best if they're cute or amusing.
Variable sizing is most important, followed by price.
Variable sorghum yields.
Variable speed allows for adjustment of any airflow desired.
Variable speed controlled fans allow for greater airflow control.
Variable speed offers the greatest control.
Variable speeds require a motor speed control system.
A variable star is a star
Variable stars are fairly common.
Variable stars are important in astronomy for several reasons.
Variable stars are named after a prototype star that exhibits a particular pulsation period.
Variable stars are stars that appear to vary in brightness over time.
Variable stars are stars that change in brightness.
Variable stars are stars that vary in brightness over a period of time.
Variable stars are stars whose intrinsic brightness varies in some way.
Variable stars are stars whose luminosity varies with time as the star pulsates.
Variable stars are stars.
Variable stars are typically part of a binary system, in which two stars orbit one another.
Variable stars are, quite simply, stars that change brightness.
Variable stars change their brightness over a period of time.
Variable stars fall into four major physical classifications.
Variable stars have a naming system all their own.
Variable stars have luminosities which increase and decrease with a regular period.
Variable stars play a crucial role in our understanding of the universe.
Variable stars play a vital role in the work of modern day astronomers.
Variable stars receive an interesting and useful treatment.
Variable stars show a change in their brightness over time.
Variable stroke allows the user to increase the pressure output on demand.
Variable substitution is discussed in greater detail in the next section.
Variable substitution is performed on both arguments and then they are compared.
Variable support is used where rigid hangers have difficulty uniformly distributing the load.
Variable swim represents the state of the sign.
Variable tags tell the Web Companion how to perform actions.
Variable temperature cryostat.
Variable temperature is available, and lengthy experiments are permitted here.
Variable text offset height from the base-line.
Variable tone allows the caller to sound like two different ducks.
Variable topics are unacceptable .
Variable Topics See description at the end of the Italian section.
Variable Topics See descriptions at the end of Hebrew section.
Variable training is the key to preventing injuries.
Variable transformers control the temperature on many laboratory heating devices.
Variable transformers vary the amount of output voltage delivered to a circuit.
All variable types are keywords.
Variable unit is laboratory.
Variable valency does occur to a limited extent in the p-block.
Variable value is ignored.
Variable values are persistent, that is the values are preserved from one equation to another.
Variable values can also be arbitrary strings.
Variable values can come from the environment.
Some variable values predict parameters.
Variable valve allows user to control rate of flow.
Variable weather has a large influence on the survival and development of the parasite on pasture.
Variable weights make it easily adaptable for all fitness levels.
Variable weights make it easily adaptable for all levels.
Variable width is most common - it means that different letters take up different amounts of space.
A variable is a physical entity
Variable takes on the value of each word from word-list , in turn.
Variables add a level of generality to the environment.
Variables affecting and confounding preoperative data are obviously of utmost importance.
Variables affecting service life include the type of operations and the engine maintenance program.
Variables allocated on the heap reside there until they're explicitly deallocated.
Variables allow a text string to be defined once and substituted in multiple places later.
Variables allow for an additional level of abstraction.
Variables also allow data to be shared between cards.
Variables also come with some insurance features, such as a death benefit.
Variables appear as normal text.
Variables are a vital part of programming.
Variables are a. magnitudes that are constant or fixed.
Variables are actually rather subtle.
Variables are all global unless they are declared with the preface var .
Variables are also easy to use.
Variables are also useful for keeping intermediate values.
Variables are always numeric.
Variables are an essential part in every programming language.
Variables are an important part of science projects and experiments.
Variables are assign numeric values with the use of the let command.
Variables are at the data level and can be accessed by the statements of a program.
Variables are available to all modules.
Variables are broad.
Variables are case insensitive except for CGI environment variables.
Variables are case sensitive.
Variables are case-sensitive.
Variables are characteristics that change from subject to subject in a study.
Variables are cognitive performance on neuropsychological tests.
Variables are 'day', 'month', 'date', and 'time'.
Variables are determined.
Variables are diet, population, density, cage design, and position in the system.
Variables are disjoint from pointers unless their address is taken.
Variables are either numeric or character.
Variables are especially useful for counting subjects' good and bad responses.
Variables are expressions that return the value they represent.
Variables are extremely convenient.
Variables are factors which alter the rate of a chemical or physical change.
Variables are first class objects.
Variables are global.
Variables are holes in data structures.
Variables are identifiers starting with an uppercase.
Variables are imputed and the imputation flags are set before composite variables are created.
Variables are in columns and samples in rows.
Variables are in italics .
Variables are independent if they produce their effects separately from each other.
Variables are information collected for each case, such as name, score, and age.
Variables are just abbreviations for complex expressions, as in mathematics.
Variables are just names for things and therefore are never used with parenthesis.
Variables are like a box that can store some piece of data.
Variables are local to each clause, and are allocated and deallocated automatically.
Variables are locations in memory in which values can be stored.
Variables are measures or indicators of the concepts.
Variables are more like pronouns.
Variables are much more flexible than names.
Variables are multidimensional structures of information constructed from and subscripted by sets.
Variables are names that the program associates with specific locations in memory.
Variables are numeric by default.
Variables are numeric, string, character, or boolean values.
Variables are objects Much the same thing is true of variables.
Variables are of different types.
Variables are of type integer, boolean, or intarray.
Variables are package by default unless declared public, private, or protected.
Variables are part of formulas.
Variables are parts or specs of the object.
Variables are phenomena that change such as personality characteristics, condition or abilities.
Variables are placeholders that range over individual objects.
Variables are places in memory where data are temporarily stored.
Variables are private to the procedure in which they appear.
Variables are properties or attributes of units of analysis.
Variables are quantities or characteristics being measured.
Variables are quantities.
Variables are sets whose elements are called values.
Variables are simply storage containers for information.
Variables are software containers that hold a value.
Variables are strings of characters that are used to represent other strings or numbers.
Variables are strings that have corresponding values.
Variables are symbols used to represent one or more numbers.
Variables are symbols.
Variables are tab-delimited.
Variables are temporary holders of information.
Variables are terms.
Variables are the absolute worst.
Variables are the famous programming element that can changeVariables provide an essential .
Variables are the same thing.
Variables are the spice of life.
Variables are the total potential responses to the survey for one respondent.
Variables are things like references to other html pages and the names of image files.
Variables are things like weight, performance, time, and treatment.
Variables are things that change.
Variables are things, which can change an experiment.
Variables are to be set in normal italic, vectors in boldface.
Variables are trickier than subroutines for two reasons.
Variables are tricky because different statements parse variables differently.
Variables are tutor-defined and answers to early questions can form part of later questions.
Variables are type-safe.
Variables are words used to represent numbers.
Variables are x, y, and text.
Variables begin with a lower case letter.
Variables begin with a lowercase letter.
Variables behave as placeholders, but data is typed.
Variables being tested are water temperature, and the presence of extractives.
Variables bound within the situation and with clauses are accessible from the response .
Variables Bring the variable window to the front.
Variables can affect each family situation.
Variables can also be fields in a class.
Variables can also be output to the screen.
Variables can also be periodic.
Variables can also hold Boolean values.
Variables can also trigger the insertion of optional paragraphs.
Variables can assume different characteristics, and thus their measurement is treated differently.
Variables can be any mix of continuous, integer, and discrete.
Variables can be anything, as long as the first character is alphabetic.
Variables can be character or numeric.
Variables can be either qualitative or quantitative.
Variables can be either scalar or list .
Variables can be global to a session or local to a function.
Variables can be in arrays.
Variables can be local to the current equate or global to all equates.
Variables can be of different types, depending on what sort of number they store.
Variables can be preamp gain, internal temperature, audio channel assignments.
Variables can be simple fill-ins or multiple choices.
Variables can begin with the underscore character.
Variables can come in very handy.
Variables can contain anything at all, even nothing.
Variables can contain complex or real numbers, integers, strings of numbers, series, and matrices.
Variables can contain several different separate values.
Variables can easily grow or shrink in size.
Variables can either be sub-nested or concatenated in tables.
Variables can hold values of different types.
Variables can occur anywhere in the input.
Variables can reference the names of procedures and cells.
Variables can represent integers, real numbers, constants, or functions.
Variables can take only integer values.
Variables change through time and are measured using trends.
Variables Click a variable name for more information about how and where to use it.
Variables Click the Variables button.
Variables come in two flavors.
Variables considered include tariffs, non-tariff barriers and exchange rate variability.
Variables considered include the social and political as well as the economic ones.
Variables consist of income, prizes, adminsitrative costs, and proceeds available from ticket sales.
Variables containing preassigned subpatterns end with an underscore.
Variables control that.
Variables Create a variable - just assign value.
Variables defined here are really attributes .
Variables defined here are similar to hidden variables transmitted from the form.
Variables defined in a function are local variables .
Variables defined within a function are by definition local to the function.
Variables defined within functions are local by default.
Variables do begin with an upper case letter.
Variables do exist.
Variables do have location in time and space.
Variables exist which allow one to link the household head and the fiscal unit head.
Variables Find a data file.
Variables give names to values for later use.
Variables Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Variables have data type assignments to insure proper format.
Variables have different characteristics and therefore, different classifications.
Variables have dynamic scope, but with a single namespace.
Variables have names.
Variables have no data type, and can hold any object.
Variables have to be lexically scoped.
Variables have what is refered to as scope.
Variables have what is referred to as scope.
Variables having high covariance are strongly related to each other.
Variables hold data.
Variables hold the data shown by the various controls and displays on the front panel.
Variables hold the same information about many inPiduals.
Variables however have greater versatility.
Variables included in the analysis are time zone adjustments, episode and syndication data.
Variables increase the value of the data by providing for a more targeted, focused effort.
Variables influence the performance of a pesticide.
Variables initially contain garbage.
Variables is a list of variables.
Variables is the set of variables occurring in Term .
Variables Keep in mind that normal patterns can be affected by abnormal conditions.
Variables look like atoms, except they begin with a capital letter or an underscore sign.
Variables maintain their state from call to call.
Variables make direct comparison impossible.
Variables make extremely good choices.
Variables make the educational picture a riddle of vexing complexity.
Variables measure attitudes concerning the role of the United States in the world.
Variables measuring race, sex, or marital status are typically categorical variables.
Variables names the variables in a composite index.
Variables only have meaning within the context where they are defined.
Variables Opens the Variables screen.
Variables play a key role in the process of mathematizing a situation.
Variables produce scalar values.
Variables provide the means by which scientists structure their observations.
Variables refer to objects used in a method.
Variables related to the receiver also have a bearing on the effectiveness of persuasion.
Variables relating to smoking include respondent's current smoking status and tobacco use.
Variables replace patterns and patterns replace variables.
Variables represent memory locations that are given a name.
Variables represent storage, pointers represent addresses.
Variables seem like a kludge looking for elegance.
Variables seem to be in different locations in different records for no easily discernible reason.
Variables Select a category or keyword to display variables.
Variables Specify the scope for all variables.
Variables still exist in making and rolling steel, even if practices are documented.
Variables store the information and sets define the structure of variables.
Variables store the state that the method is in, while the methods determine what the object can do.
Variables thus figure as indices of our modes of access to the world.
Variables update automatically when the variables upon which they depend change.
Variables Use variables to write flexible complex macros.
Variables used in 'for' loops are the exception to putting variables at the beginning of a block.
Variables used in the body of a function are local to the function.
Variables used in the paper are in natural logs unless otherwise noted below.
Variables used within CGI templates Within the CGI templates exists three predefined variables.
Variables Always declare all variables.
Variables always have more than one characteristic, attribute, or quality to which they refer.
Variables usually interact with each other.
All variables appear on the right side of the box.
All variables are again integers.
All variables are continuous.
All variables are dimensionless.
All variables are global in scope.
All variables are global to the program.
All variables are global variables, so they are available for outside use.
All variables are global.
All variables are in bold .
All variables are in italics .
All variables are inherently correlational, and experimental manipulation is only an illusion.
All variables are initialised to a default value, bang goes another class of problems.
All variables are input variables.
All variables are integers and all remainders from division are dropped.
All variables are integers or discrete numbers from real domains.
All variables are integers, as usual.
All variables are integers.
All variables are local to the current page.
All variables are logic variables, declared in an explicit scope defined by the local statement.
All variables are logs of their level values.
All variables are memory based.
All variables are of type int .
All variables are of type integer.
All variables are one word unsigned integers.
All variables are properties of the global object.
All variables are quantitative.
All variables are right justified.
All variables are significant at the five-percent level.
All variables are significant.
All variables are strings variables.
All variables are strings, so they can accept any type of value.
All variables are to be declared on a single line.
All variables are user programmable.
All variables are Variants.
All variables Consider variables to be Substrings . . .
All variables have a function scope.
All variables have a scope.
All variables have a type, which is declared when the variable is created.
All variables included here are situationally dependent.
All variables initially are point to nil .
All variables initially point to the object nil .
All variables seek expression in one way or another, either explicitly or tacitly.
All variables start with a prefix that indicates the scope and data type.
Any variable can contain any value or object.
Any variable defined inside of a method has a scope local to that method.
Any variable has a given scope .
Any variable used inside a function is by default limited to the local function scope.
Every variable has a data type .
Every variable has a frequency distribution.
Every variable has a name which can be up to eight characters in length.
Every variable has a specific type associated with it.
Every variable has a type, which determines the set of possible values that it can hold.
Every variable has a type.
Every variable has a value and an address .
Every variable has to have a header, function, a logic table, and more.
Every variable is critical.
Every variable is declared to be of exactly one type.
Every variable is declared within a class and forms part of that class .
Every variable is numbered according to the order in which it was read.
Every variable is the sign of a formal concept.
Every variable needs special specific header information.
Every variable seems tobe covered, including the realistic ball cracking sounds.
Many variable have periods which are semi-regular, irregular or have no period at all.
Many variables acting together appear to determine whether breast cancer develops in an individual.
Many variables affect a member's decision to retire.
Many variables affect drift.
Many variables affect lamp life.
Many variables affect rider aerodynamics.
Many variables affect system availability, such as hardware, system software, and data.
Many variables affect the behavior and resulting smoke from a prescribed burn.
Many variables affect the degree of lameness.
Many variables affect the degree of stress found in a finished part.
Many variables affect the efficacy of any program.
Many variables affect the efficiency of pointing dogs in locating bobwhite coveys.
Many variables affect the life span, or usefulness, of a given computer.
Many variables affect the population dynamics of growth.
Many variables affect the rate of development and the production rates.
Many variables affect the time required to complete an audit.
Many variables affect the way that internal communication takes place within organizations.
Many variables affect weather and climate.
Many variables apply.
Many variables are at work here too.
Many variables are at work, so comparisons between firms are misleading.
Many variables are irregular or semiregular, and there is no unique period or amplitude.
Many variables bear upon the resources of both entities.
Many variables can affect catfish growth, but throughout their range, temperature is a major factor.
Many variables can affect herd movement.
Many variables can affect roasting time.
Many variables can affect the actual roasting time.
Many variables can affect the cooking time of gas-grilled foods.
Many variables can affect the duration of time from arrest to resolution of a criminal case.
Many variables can affect when perimenopause begins.
Many variables can be either dependent or independent, within the context of a particular study.
Many variables can cause the two colors to be slightly misaligned or out of register.
Many variables can goof up a birth.
Many variables can impact performance.
Many variables can make it a difficult but exciting challenge.
Many variables can occur which hamper the employee from achieving career goals.
Many variables come into play when estimating design time.
Many variables come into play.
Many variables contribute to a successful Web site.
Many variables contribute to hypothermia including age, health, body size and duration of exposure.
Many variables contribute to the development of hypothermia.
Many variables determine how much a used car is worth.
Many variables determine the actual amount paid to sponsors for meals served.
Many variables determine the balance of nature.
Many variables determine the type of repair chosen.
Many variables exist in the design parameters for the campus of the future.
Many variables go into determining the cost of a video project.
Many variables impact how quickly a file can be downloaded over the Internet.
Many variables influence the outcome.
Many variables influence the quality of the finish.
Many variables influence the validity of historical survey data.
Many variables interact to determine the pace and effectiveness of our work.
Many variables make up how a player rating is determined.
Many variables restrict or enhance natural reclamation by soil microbes.
Many variables serve both as outcomes and as enabling factors for other outcomes.
More variables are available for manipulation and analysis.
More variables are available.
Most variables are persistent between calls.
Some variable are the same across the whole file, and some change for each note.
Some variables appear in columns.
Some variables appear under both categories.
Some variables are factors.
Some variables are global variables.
Some variables are only available for certain forecast types.
Some variables are period descriptors and company descriptors, and others are data items and notes.
Some variables are predefined.
Some variables can be difficult to measure.
Some variables can store pointers, but only variables that are of special pointer types .
Some variables change a great deal either with depth or time of sampling.
Some variables change brightness slowly over periods of weeks or months.
Some variables contain different sorts of data, integer and floating point and others are pointers.
Some variables control how the numerical integration works.
Some variables have a greater ability for such discrimination.
Some variables have to be included regardless of their apparent significance.
Some variables require adminstrator privilege to get or set.
Some variables use a different climatology time period.
Every Varian city has it s own arena for gladiator combat.
Varian files are in submatrix format.
Variance analysis is a means of assessing performance which identifies areas for investigation.
Variance analysis is the analysis of performance by means of variances.
Variance components are also useful in power and sample size calculations when planning experiments.
Variance arises only among sample estimates due to finite sampling of populations and individuals.
Variance bounds on the estimation of intensity and polarimetric parameters in radar meteorology.
Variance can be around cost s, time , performance , or project scope .
Variance estimates for a dynamic eutrophication model of Saginaw Bay, Lake Huron.
Variance instead measures the dispersion of individuals across the phenotypic landscape.
Variance is a formal measure of the dispersion, or scatter, among the numbers in a set of data.
Variance is a mathematical quantity with an important practical consequence.
Variance is a measure of dispersion.
Variance is a measure of how much a set of scores vary from their mean value.
Variance is a measure of the variability of a set of numbers.
Variance is a moment
Variance is a really useful measure because of something know as the Central Limit Theorem.
Variance is a useful number because it is additive.
Variance is estimated using the parametric bootstrap.
Variance is moments.
Variance is reported in squared units unlike mean values.
Variance is risk.
Variance is the arithmetic mean of the squares of deviations of the observations from their mean.
Variance is the average of the squared deviations from the arithmetic mean.
Variance is the average sum of the squares of the deviations from the mean.
Variance is the mean squared deviation from the mean.
Variance is the mean squared deviation of individual observations from their mean.
Variance is the strife that results from hate.
Variance is to be reviewed upon the sale of property.
Variance measures how much an element deviates away from the mean.
Variances appear on the diagonal of the matrix, and covariances on either side of the diagonal.
Variances are also inherent in performance test data on a single floor.
Variances are always positive because they are the average of squared numbers.
Variances are between the writ and the declaration, and between the declaration and the evidence.
Variances are due to local availability of food and water temperatures.
Variances attach to the property as a permanent right.
Variances deal more with the physical layout of the property, rather than use.
Variances exist between departments.
Variances identify differences.
Variances involve a deviation from specific dimensional requirements within a regulation.
Variances point to opportunities to streamline and reduce costs.
Variances run with the land.
Any variance over is paid out at the end of every nine pay period cycle.
Most variances are categorically exempt from environmental review.
Much variance exists in determining dollar or sensitivity thresholds.
Some variance can occur with environmental conditions.
Some variances occur because of chance events.
Variant angina is due to coronary artery spasm .
Variant angina is due to coronary artery spasm.
Variant angina occurs due to coronary artery spasm alone.
Variant data can be of any type.
Variant description can also have a quality factor.
Variant editions are a minimal consideration in collecting.
Variant entries are still more common in anonymous citations to books and reports.
Variant factors influence precision and recall.
Variant form is naaj .
Variant forms exist.
Many variant hemoglobins exist worldwide.
Variant patterns arise .
Variant projects are negotiable.
Variant readings opens an apparatus page of variant readings.
Variant sequences permit one to track down the genes that are participating in a process.
Some variant texts suggest that it was dedicated to deities thought to inhabit the heavens.
Some variant viruses cause inability.
A variant is a difference
Variants allow for multiple data storage types all referenced with a common name.
Variants allow free set-up.
Variants are alternative or different rules for incorporation in the play of a game.
Variants are names with the same meaning, but spelled differently.
Variants are possible.
Variants are under development.
Variants can be on a rose by rose basis.
Variants can contain any data type, including object instances and arrays.
Variants can have any number of underscored key words.
Variants can include regional dialects or computer platforms.
Variants can increase susceptibility or can provide protection.
Variants can indicate a charset as a parameter of the media type.
Variants crop up for a couple of reasons.
Variants currently being reported are largely isolated incidences.
Variants depend on cable length.
Variants differ as to other rules.
Variants ensure accuracy of data entry.
Variants happen, but they're either nonviable or backslide easily.
Variants have the ability to store different types of data.
Variants have the same code number.
Variants have their benifits and drawbacks.
Variants includes encodings and things like whether the font is slanted.
Variants make a lot of sense in an interpreted scripting language.
Variants occur as well in early printed editions.
Variants persist today too, under the label multiculturalism.
Variants reduce data entry, speeding up the report process.
Variants represent human-derived, related but separate documents.
Variants There are several variants of the original worm known.
All variants are similar in appearance and use the same airframe body and launcher.
All variants enable debug mode.
All variants have the same flavor, with small variations in bitterness.
All variants work well, however.
Any variant is listed separately.
Many variants exist due to published source code.
Many variants exist.
Many variants perform no better or even worse than the parents, but some offspring perform better.
Many variants perform no better, or even worse, than the parents, but some offspring perform better.
Most variants are by corruption.
Most variants display text on the screen after some number of infections.
Most variants have a payload that displays messages on certain date of the year.
Most variants have a payload that displays messages on certain dates of the year.
Some variants are built for reconnaissance and maritime patrol .
Some variants are built for reconnaissance and maritime patrol.
Some variants are due to changing cataloging rules over the years.
Some variants are tireless servants that work without pay.
Some variants are very straighforward to deal with, some are terribly hard.
Some variants display a message box when opening document.
Some variants drop additional cheeses.
Some variants grow much faster than others.
Some variants have a quail egg in the middle in addition to the curry.
Some variants have additional moving rules associated with specific pieces.
Some variants using a small mnumber of algorithms are suiable for learning by beginners.
Variation analysis is much simpler on a vector model.
Variation affects availability.
Variation affects behavior.
Variation affects capacity.
Variation affects expression.
Variation affects gene expression.
Variation affects male mate strategies.
Variation affects outcomes.
Variation affects photosynthetic responses.
Variation affects ranges.
Variation affects responses.
Variation affects strategies.
Variation affects values.
Variation affects water availability.
Variation allows for a defense against an ever-evolving environment.
Variation also ensures more bones are exposed to forces and hence adapt with new bone growth.
Variation also exists in medical practice among states and local jurisdictions.
Variation also occurs across other levels of difference such as gender, generation and class.
Variation also occurs within coastal waters over time.
Variation also provides the opportunity for targets to become more onerous.
Variation are few, but are significant in promoting maximum cultural health.
Variation are percent with respect to the global average.
Variation arises from heterozygosity and also from population-derived polymorphism.
Variation arises in several ways.
Variation arises primarily through random mutations and recombination.
Variation can be useful for a number of different purposes.
Variation can continue throughout the life cycle.
Variation can exist from project to project.
Variation can have environmental or genetic causes.
Variation can occur at the whole organism- and suborganismal level.
Variation can occur in the location of the embryo.
Variation can only affect future generations if it is inherited .
Variation can only affect future generations if it is inherited.
Variation cans have dramatic effects.
Variation cans have effects.
Variation cans have significant effects.
Variation caused by the surroundings is called environmental variation.
Variation causes major problems.
Variation causes potential.
Variation causes problems.
Variation comes from reproduction.
Variation comes on top of past history.
Variation continues throughout the human lifespan as people age at different rates.
Variation contributes to biodiversity.
Variation contributes to the process of evolution.
Variation creates problems.
Variation depends on functional interaction.
Variation depends on geographic locations.
Variation depends on interaction.
Variation depends on locations.
Variation describes how one quantity varies or changes as another quantity varies or changes.
Variation determines effectiveness.
Variation determines the variation of the direction of the particles.
Variation exists among individuals in a species.
Variation exists among members of a species.
Variation exists among states.
Variation exists in members of a species.
Variation exists in the format of exit examinations depending upon the department.
Variation exists within a species.
Variation exists within all populations of organisms .
Variation exists within all populations of organisms.
Variation exists within populations.
Variation features as an important issue in the book.
Variation has advantage.
Variation has big impact.
Variation has components.
Variation has direct impact.
Variation has impact.
Variation has input.
Variation has large impact.
Variation has no effect on an individual's ability to survive and reproduce.
Variation has two components, repeatability and reproducibility.
Variation has values.
Variation Have a full team follow ONE leader.
Variation helps evolution.
Variation helps species survive, and it's the reason species change over time.
Variation helps to keep interest high and keep the body from adapting to the same workout.
Variation imagine Permission despite side despite the mens duck shoes and swim without any ability.
Variation impacts success.
Variation influences life.
Variation involves meiosis.
Variation is a also term used in biodiversity for the variety of life forms in a given ecosystem .
Variation is a also term used in biodiversity for the variety of life forms in a given ecosystem.
Variation is a measure of media noise and other micromagnetic characteristics.
Variation is a natural part of any process.
Variation is a rule of all life - plant, animal and man.
Variation is a universal fact about all species.
Variation is activities.
Variation is aided by crossing-over which occurs during meiosis.
Variation is also essential for selection and breeding to meet present and future human needs.
Variation is always present.
Variation is always variation on a theme, hence 'typological differentiation'.
Variation is an a priori definition of poor quality.
Variation is an Australian specialty.
Variation is an important key to understanding how and why zebra stripes evolved.
Variation is an occurrence
Variation is approximately sinusoidal with time.
Variation is as aesthetically important as repetition.
Variation is as destructive as it is constructive.
Variation is at the core of evolution and selection.
Variation is at the heart of manufacturing process instability.
Variation is attributable to rounding error of the computing platform.
Variation is caused by loss of genes.
Variation is caused by mutation and maintained by selection.
Variation is common to all plants whether they reproduce asex- ually or sexually.
Variation is created by random mutations.
Variation is critical for evolution to occur.
Variation is difference.
Variation is dramatic among some indicators but relatively small among others.
Variation is due to a combination of genetic and environmental factors.
Variation is due to differences in translation from recording to recording.
Variation is entirely attributable to mutations.
Variation is essential for natural selection and therefore for evolution.
Variation is evident in the content of the standards used.
Variation is evil in any customer-touching process .
Variation is Evil.
Variation is great but no trends are apparent.
Variation is important for the continued survival of a species in changing environments.
Variation is important to consider.
Variation is important.
Variation is inherited.
Variation is introduced in the later stages of construction to produce a wider variety of models.
Variation is introduced in the members of the species.
Variation is key to a strong workout.
Variation is key.
Variation is likely to be influenced by daily stress.
Variation is limited by a limited situation.
Variation is more significant as the sequence identity is increased.
Variation is most important to the breeder and the organism.
Variation is necessary for good verse, but too much muddles the sound.
Variation is necessary for the survival of a species.
Variation is necessary for understanding patterns in inheritance.
Variation is nevertheless a factor of great importance.
Variation is noticed up close, and one can pick out different textures and tones.
Variation is one.
Variation is perturbation.
Variation is precisely what makes the work so interesting.
Variation is processes.
Variation is random fluctuations and miscellaneous changes inherent in every part of every process.
Variation is random.
Variation is response to zinc among ectomycorrhizal associates.
Variation is termed the magnetic declination.
Variation is the angle between a magnetic and geographic meridian.
Variation is the difference between magnetic north and true north at a given location.
Variation is the differences between individuals of the same species.
Variation is the differences of the data.
Variation is the enemy of quality.
Variation is the error in the compass caused by the Earth's magnetism.
Variation is the fundamental concept underlying statistics.
Variation is the hard reality.
Variation is the key to genetic progress.
Variation is the key to natural selection.
Variation is the key to success.
Variation is the key.
Variation is the mother of creativity.
Variation is the name of the game.
Variation is the raw material which allows populations to change over time.
Variation is the result of sexual reproduction and mutation.
Variation is the root cause of poor quality in product and process.
Variation is themes.
Variation is therefore one of the cornerstones of genetics.
Variation is to have the keeper stand in front of a wall facing the server.
Variation is used more than literal repetition and sequence.
Variation is used to extend melodic, harmonic, dynamic and timbral material.
Variation is useful for the survival of species over time.
Variation is usually much higher for fiber measurements than for crude protein measurements.
Variation is very exciting in a kiss.
Variation isa alteration.
Variation leads to differential rates in survival and reproductive success among the variations.
Variation leads to heterogeneity.
Variation leads to speciation The evolution of different species from a single ancestor.
Variation Let the players switch the direction on their own, as quickly as possible.
Variation makes it difficult to determine the root cause of problems.
Variation means that new traits or combinations of traits are introduced in the replication process.
Variation means uncertainty, and uncertainty means waste.
Variation meet Sign below the question on that choice.
Variation occurs at levels.
Variation occurs at the level of the gene.
Variation occurs during periods.
Variation occurs in growth.
Variation occurs in shapes.
Variation occurs in shell shapes.
Variation occurs in the ideal weight based on body build.
Variation occurs in winter.
Variation occurs under natural, no less than under artificial, conditions.
Variation occurs within habitats.
Variation produces chaos.
Variation produces diversity.
Variation provides information.
Variation provides the potential for natural selection to act.
Variation relates to ages.
Variation results in continue evolution.
Variation results in differences.
Variation results in evolution.
Variation seems to be a latent word among geoscientists.
Variation shows how the system changes over time.
Variation stems from mutation, combination, and independent assortment of alleles for a gene.
Variation thresholds for extinction and their implications for conservation strategies.
Variation Use the corncob print for gift wrap or backgrounds for other projects.
Variation uses caminalcules in place of fossil shells.
Variations a. vary the size of the grid.
Variations Add a pom-pom or tassel to the top of the hat.
Variations Add sight words from each unit studied throughout the year.
Variations Add some fun by making a game out of the exercise.
Variations add stormy, rainy, cloudy, etc.
Variations allow a small amount of chopped black olives, less onion, or a dash of ground red pepper.
Variations also exist between lots produced by the same manufacturer.
Variations also exist in sample chemical composition.
Variations also occur for married women.
Variations also occur in the development of the odontoid process.
Variations alter and eventually turn around and end up where they started again.
Variations appear in the literature for dosage recomendations.
Variations appear in the word order and sentence structure.
Variations appear like Very Funny.
Variations are also a result of post-translational modifications and degradation events.
Variations are always permissible if prerequisites are met.
Variations are as diverse as the people who gather around the table to enjoy the meal.
Variations are available for recreation departments, camps and resorts.
Variations are available on special request.
Variations are available to suit the individual needs of organizations.
Variations are available.
Variations are considerable in the voluntary sector.
Variations are determined.
Variations are different configurations of the ball near the robot and the target area.
Variations are diurnal and seasonal.
Variations are due chiefly to motherboard design and BIOS optimisation.
Variations are easy to spot.
Variations are endless and easy.
Variations are endless and therefore discussion about a commission is essential .
Variations are endless and too often worthless.
Variations are endless.
Variations are frequent and multiple.
Variations are imperfections varying from a perfectly-adapted creation.
Variations are important in the survival of a species.
Variations are in phase in latitude by out of phase between the surface layer and the thermocline.
Variations are inherent in handmade products.
Variations are large.
Variations are like moods and emotions.
Variations are limited.
Variations are many.
Variations are neither rare nor random, and they arise in organisms as they are 'selected'.
Variations are numerous, as the following examples make clear.
Variations are numerous.
Variations are of great importance in our studies of heredity.
Variations are passed down from parent to offspring.
Variations are passed to offspring.
Variations are perfectly acceptable, so long as the buyer knows what they are buying.
Variations are possible depending on the banner design.
Variations are possible, flexibility is the key.
Variations are possible, mainly with the position of legs, which men can control very easily.
Variations are possible, particularly on the trip back.
Variations are possible, though.
Variations are possible.
Variations are slight, however.
Variations are straight leg lifts, or single alternate lifts.
Variations are the differences in characters among individuals of a species.
Variations are the materials upon which the other factors, or causes, of evolu- tion work.
Variations are the rule in our talented student body.
Variations are the same as the above.
Variations are to ask each student to write a sheet or to have small groups do so.
Variations are usually due to weak development, but are still regarded as normal.
Variations are usually subtle.
Variations are very popular.
Variations are virtually endless.
Variations brillantes, Op.
Variations can be extreme, significantly reducing the effective polarization.
Variations can be the use of wild cards and the rank of hands are the standard one in poker.
Variations can even exist from dojo to dojo within a style.
Variations can include crushed peanuts, pineapple, chiles, shredded carrots and much more.
Variations can include different closures and fringes.
Variations can include multiple piercings with a mixture of jewelry.
Variations can introduce all manner of part-tracking concerns.
Variations can occur between batches.
Variations can occur due to specimen size, rate of heat loss, moisture content, etc.
Variations can occur if creators agree.
Variations can use restrictions on ball touches or players who receive pass from target.
Variations cause confusion for users.
Variations cause different results.
Variations caused by the solder ball are negligible when compared to the wirebond.
Variations Change the start position to drawing from a table or other position.
Variations come with time and patience, trial and error.
Variations constantly arise through mutation of DNA in the germ cells.
Variations Create repetitive patterns with stencils and chalk.
Variations depend in part on race and culture.
Variations depend on meet directors' objectives and the addition of newly mapped areas.
Variations depend on the number of bedrooms occupied.
Variations depend on the policies of the lending library.
Variations depend upon number of people dancing.
Variations displays thumbnails of the current image in a color wheel array.
Variations do exit.
Variations enhance the look.
Variations exist among the offspring - genes.
Variations exist for purposes of clarity and at the editors' discretion.
Variations exist in both the rates and method of charging interest.
Variations exist in hysterectomy rates by geographic region, income, and education.
Variations exist in lenders behavior .
Variations exist in temperature over time from site to site.
Variations exist in the individuals within a population.
Variations exist in the reported prevalence of natural rubber latex allergy.
Variations exist on how the agreements are drawn up.
Variations exist within, as well as among, species.
Variations exist, however.
Variations exist, such as the internship programs and a four-semester evening program.
Variations exist, too, in the educational backgrounds of students.
Variations follow below.
Variations form the raw material for evolution.
Variations Form two teams and have a race.
Variations Get the throwers to throw high, floating passes to practise high catches.
Variations Give group a message in code or semaphore telling boys where to find message number two.
Variations globally prevent general recommendations, at least regarding diet.
Variations happen due to random genetic mutation.
Variations Have a separate group working on a chant, song or music to introduce the show.
Variations Have pawns move like kings, instead of how they move in current rules.
Variations Have students pretend to ride a bike with their legs while they are on their backs.
Variations Have the person who is second in the throwing line put a mark on the thrower.
Variations have to do with factors such as establishing how many bits to use for certain boundaries.
Variations involve replacing the butter with various types of cream .
Variations involve replacing the butter with various types of cream.
Variations is a digital library of information for the study of music.
Variations is scored for flute, clarinet, violin, violoncello, percussion, and piano.
Variations is technological development are also evident throughout the region.
Variations is what actually happens.
Variations Let younger players use their hands to carry the ball first.
Variations Make a chime from chunks of scrap wood.
Variations Make a class set of one-letter books around a theme such as foods.
Variations Make all throws forehand.
Variations Make bookmarks instead of flutters.
Variations Make definite shapes such as circles, stars, diamonds or other designs with the string.
Variations Make popsicle stick bundles or pipe cleaner bundles.
Variations Make the game last longer by adding more cards.
Variations Make two separate dyebaths for each of the vegetable liquids.
Variations Make up a play and use the mural for a backdrop or scenery.
Variations Move chair or box for left front players.
Variations naturally range from dark to very light.
Variations occur among members of the same population or species.
Variations occur at the request of the faculty member so be sure to ask.
Variations occur because people kill out of a combination of complex social factors and pathology.
Variations occur during copying.
Variations occur for protection against fraud.
Variations occur in a species naturally.
Variations occur in response to seasonal changes in hemispheric temperature differences.
Variations occur in some courses and are outlined in the course syllabus.
Variations occur in some places.
Variations occur instead through the amount of ink on the paper.
Variations occur on successive flights to demonstrate the full qualities of the aircraft.
Variations occur over a wide range of time scales, from hours to the age of the Earth.
Variations occur through mutations.
Variations occur within populations, and some of the variations are favorable.
Variations occur within species.
Variations occur within the specific majors.
Variations occur, however.
Variations occurring over hours to days are very important for wind resource evaluation.
Variations offers a visual ring around with color and density.
Variations permit two clubs or even three.
Variations Play with one or three balls for the defending team.
Variations Play with two balls to open game up.
Variations provide clues to imbalances and diseases in the patient.
Variations range from mundane to gourmet, simple to sophisticated, personal to institutional size.
Variations reflect each invading group's history and traditions.
Variations repeat the theme but the theme is changed in some important way.
Variations require the approval of the chairperson of the department.
Variations Show a video that provides examples of sexual harassment in organizations.
Variations show up even from one year to the next.
Variations Take a set A of n different elements.
Variations Take pictures with a camera of close-ups of people.
Variations Try making a fish, bird, monster, or dinosaur.
Variations Try orange or jasmine flower water.
Variations Use apricots or dates instead of figs and currants.
Variations Use bits of tissue, cotton balls, beads or other collage items instead of confetti.
Variations Use brown basmati rice.
Variations Use canned litchies, mixed fruit, cherries etc. instead of grapes.
Variations Use different color satin every few inches.
Variations Use lunch bags instead of grocery bags for small blocks.
Variations Use physical movements other than clapping.
Variations Use two balls to open the game up.
Variations Use two pockets for and sort Hebrew nouns and verbs.
Variations Use white chocolate chips and almonds insstead of semi-sweet chocolate and walnuts.
Variations using two clamps are possible, especially for video applications.
Variations Vary the walks to locations that offer different possibilities for sounds.
Variations work good with added cheese of add caraway seeds etc.
Variation always exists in living populations, and it results in differences of fitness.
Variations always exist over time, position and frequency.
All variations are due to the differences of the parties or classes in the state.
All variations are intentional.
All variations are, therefore, random.
All variations focus on diapers and babyhood.
Any variation can obviously be productive.
Any variation is a difference in chroma gain or differential gain.
Any variation is communicated to the client in writing.
Any variation is highlighted, and a supervisor is required to make any appropriate correction.
Any variation is improper display and is cause for ticketing.
Any variation is noted on individual routes.
Any variation is possible.
Any variation is subject to availability.
Any variation is the exchange rate between the twocurrencies is covered by the swap - for a fee.
Any variation requires the principal s permission.
Any variation requires the written consent of the program coordinator.
Any variations are bugs.
Any variations are minimal.
Any variations only enhance thier uniqueness and value.
Many variations are available at hardware stores.
Many variations are available to the teacher.
Many variations are available with options such as, size, shape, corner treatments, etc.
Many variations are available.
Many variations are open to part-time students to best meet the needs of their employers.
Many variations are possible and encouraged.
Many variations are possible though.
Many variations are possible using the multiple combinations of timber and half logs together.
Many variations are possible within the framework of bootstrap and jackknife methods.
Many variations are possible, and all have good physical applications.
Many variations are possible, arranged in consultation with major advisor.
Many variations are possible, depending upon the writer's audience and purpose.
Many variations are possible, including summer sessions.
Many variations are possible.
Many variations can be found, most commonly country ham is added and a cheddar sauce is substituted.
Many variations do exist with the animals colour or size.
Many variations exist among protocols for running Western blots.
Many variations exist and flower color ranges from yellow to white.
Many variations exist for awarding game points.
Many variations exist in how the leading edge is folded.
Many variations exist in the quality of containers and keepsake items, too.
Many variations exist that contain numerous other features.
Many variations exist using other citrus fruits.
Many variations exist.
Many variations occur.
More variation allows faster, more effective adaptation to changing environmental pressures.
More variation allows for more adaptability to meet changing pressures of an environment.
More variations are in the works.
Most variation affects availability.
Most variation affects behavior.
Most variation affects capacity.
Most variation affects expression.
Most variation affects gene expression.
Most variation affects male mate strategies.
Most variation affects outcomes.
Most variation affects photosynthetic responses.
Most variation affects responses.
Most variation affects strategies.
Most variation affects values.
Most variation affects water availability.
Most variation causes major problems.
Most variation causes potential.
Most variation causes problems.
Most variation comes from reproduction.
Most variation creates problems.
Most variation depends on functional interaction.
Most variation depends on geographic locations.
Most variation depends on interaction.
Most variation depends on locations.
Most variation determines effectiveness.
Most variation has advantage.
Most variation has big impact.
Most variation has components.
Most variation has direct impact.
Most variation has impact.
Most variation has large impact.
Most variation has values.
Most variation helps evolution.
Most variation impacts success.
Most variation influences life.
Most variation involves meiosis.
Most variation is seen in polymorphic patterns at the DNA or protein level.
Most variation leads to heterogeneity.
Most variation occurs at levels.
Most variation occurs during periods.
Most variation occurs in growth.
Most variation occurs in shapes.
Most variation occurs in shell shapes.
Most variation occurs in winter.
Most variation occurs within habitats.
Most variation produces diversity.
Most variation provides information.
Most variation relates to ages.
Most variations involve two players trying to get the most kills.
Much variation is inheritable.
Much variation occurs as the maturation process occurs.
Much variation reduces tree growth and fruit size.
Some variations often occur, such as the number of petals.
Some variation affects aspects.
Some variation affects body chemistry.
Some variation affects chemistry.
Some variation affects conditions.
Some variation affects excretion.
Some variation affects fitnesses.
Some variation affects people.
Some variation affects phenotypes.
Some variation affects survival.
Some variation affects treatments.
Some variation brings sunlight.
Some variation can result from how treatments are applied and data is collected.
Some variation causes mutation.
Some variation comes from variation.
Some variation contributes to differences.
Some variation contributes to disappearances.
Some variation contributes to functional differences.
Some variation creates updrafts.
Some variation demonstrates microevolution.
Some variation depends on ages.
Some variation depends on salinity.
Some variation depends on situations.
Some variation depends on types.
Some variation exists between each version with regard to the use of Form templates.
Some variation exists in the appearance of fabrics containing ramie.
Some variation exists in the spelling of some sounds.
Some variation facilitates expansion.
Some variation follows patterns.
Some variation has direct effects.
Some variation has distribution.
Some variation has effects.
Some variation has little effects.
Some variation has term effects.
Some variation improves ability.
Some variation includes amino acid deletions.
Some variation includes deletions.
Some variation increases likelihood.
Some variation involves blows.
Some variation is always good to prevent repetetive stress injuries caused by keyboards.
Some variation is caused by weather.
Some variation is evident with geomagnetic latitude.
Some variation is graded.
Some variation is inevitable, however, and it is the student's responsibility to account for it.
Some variation is normal.
Some variation is permitted.
Some variation leads to characteristics.
Some variation leads to sunlight.
Some variation leads to variation.
Some variation makes differences.
Some variation makes huge differences.
Some variation occurs at ages.
Some variation occurs at different ages.
Some variation occurs at intensity.
Some variation occurs between British and American pronunciation.
Some variation occurs due to driver availability and appointment times.
Some variation occurs during time.
Some variation occurs in aerial photographs.
Some variation occurs in ages.
Some variation occurs in animals.
Some variation occurs in conventional aerial photographs.
Some variation occurs in different animals.
Some variation occurs in fuel.
Some variation occurs in locations.
Some variation occurs in photographs.
Some variation occurs in plant tissue.
Some variation occurs in samples.
Some variation occurs in tissue.
Some variation occurs over time.
Some variation occurs within tropospheres.
Some variation plays roles.
Some variation reduces variability.
Some variation reflects variation.
Some variation relates to events.
Some variation relates to features.
Some variation relates to patient safety events.
Some variation relates to physiology.
Some variation relates to temperature.
Some variation requires sophisticate tests.
Some variation requires tests.
Some variations allow for straights longer than five cards, or even as short as three cards.
Some variations allow members of a species to survive and reproduce better than others.
Some variations are better for survival and reproduction.
Some variations are clearly errors in transcription.
Some variations are completely aperiodic, that is they recur at random times.
Some variations are due to ethnic differences.
Some variations are favorable.
Some variations are forms of food, such as potatoes and asparagus.
Some variations are possible, especially in the way the catalog is presented to the customer.
Some variations are possible.
Some variations are regional, while others exhibit less of a pattern.
Some variations are simple and repeat themselves.
Some variations are startling.
Some variations can be poisonous if eaten.
Some variations change the way the cells look or where they are put .
Some variations change the way the cells look or where they are put.
Some variations compete more successfully.
Some variations depend on the electoral system employed.
Some variations do exist based primarily on regional and geographic differences.
Some variations do exist.
Some variations employ both.
Some variations exist among different systems.
Some variations exist between brands and types, ie.
Some variations exist depending on manufacturer and date of manufacture.
Some variations exist in the entry requirement for the degree programmes offered by each faculty.
Some variations exist in the specific definitions of child abuse in individual state laws.
Some variations give an advantage and some a disadvantage in an inevitable struggle for survival.
Some variations have vertical posts or diagonals.
Some variations restrict commercial usage and others require fees, which can be viewed negatively.
Some variations say a logging camp or such.
Some variations show considerable independence in terms of motivic elaboration.
Some variations work well with and handhelds.
Variational analysis is used in all branches of physics, especially mechanics and optics.
Variational calculus is the mathematical setting for describing the physical world.
Variational methods are particularly useful when applied to highly-coupled systems.
Varicella vaccine update.
A varicella is contagion
Varicella can cause infections, pneumonia, and encephalitis.
A varicocele is a condition
Varicoceles are a group of dilated veins filled with blood, which surround the testicles.
Varicoceles are dilatation.
Varicoceles are diseases.
Varicoceles are enlargements of veins inside the scrotum that drain the testicles.
Varicoceles are networks of tangled blood vessels, varicose veins, in the scrotum.
Varicoceles are one of the most common factors accounting for poor semen quality.
Varicoceles are soft scrotal swellings, more prominent while standing or exercising.
Varicoceles are the leading cause of irreversible infertility in men.
Varicoceles are the most common and treatable diagnosis in our experience.
Varicoceles are the most common cause of male infertility and one of the most treatable.
Varicoceles are treatable with microsurgery.
Varicoceles are treatable with surgery.
Varicoceles are usually asymptomatic however as they become larger, they can cause pain.
Varicoceles are varicose veins draining the testicle.
Varicoceles are very common and tend to develop during adolescence.
Varicoceles can impact sperm production and therefore reduce sperm counts.
Varicoceles can occur on one or both sides, but are most common on the left side.
Varicoceles commonly develop while a boy is going through puberty.
Varicoceles commonly develop while a guy is going through puberty.
Varicoceles occur more often in infertile men than in males who are fertile.
Varicoceles recur in about ten to fifteen percent of balloon repairs.
Varicoceles represent weak walled veins or regular veins responding to back pressure.
A varicose vein is a vein
A varicose vein is varicosity
Varicose vein is really redundant terminology, but so is malignant melanoma.
Some varicose veins are pain free, but others do cause a little or a lot of pain and discomfort.
Varicosities occur for the same reasons, and relief after confinement can be dramatic.
Varicosity is varix
Varicosity is varix.
Varicosity results from a chronic increase in blood pressure, which dilates the vein.
Varicosities usually disappear following delivery.
Many varied accommodations are available and tailored to an individual student's particular needs.
Varied activities encourage refinement of motor skills and sensory perception.
Varied activities make learning a language fun and support Houston's global economy.
Many varied activities are suitable.
Varied colors appear concurrently.
Varied conduction can also occur, producing an irregular R-R interval.
Varied courses draw on the lab's facilities.
Varied curriculum is used.
Varied diameters can help to alleviate arthritic conditions caused by the same size dowel.
Varied diet includes insects, lizards, other snakes, birds, small turtles, and small mammals.
Varied ecosystems draw a wide variety of plant and wildlife.
Varied exercises encourage writing and discussion.
Varied exercises match the student's interests and abilities.
Varied experiences add incredibly to people's development.
Varied experiences are available throughout the fellowship year.
Varied feelings can follow the loss of any loved one, including a pet.
Varied fonts reflect the sentiment of each correspondent.
Varied grace means differing gifts.
Varied housing is available in urban and rural settings.
Varied itineraries can include dinner and the theatre in London's West End.
Varied job culminates every two weeks in supervising trafficking and proofing.
Many varied means exist in today's information age for the dissemination of education.
Varied menu boasts large selection of mouth-watering steaks, chicken and seafood dishes.
Varied menu features tenderloin of beef and wild boar chili.
Varied menu includes fresh flounder, vegetables and homemade desserts.
Varied menu includes stone crabs.
Varied menus provide structure for entertaining for all occasions.
Varied offerings provide wonderful entertainment and cultural enrichment to audiences.
Many varied opportunities are available.
Varied orchestration features oriental percussion instruments and lots of brass.
Many varied organizations exist in which to get involved.
Varied penetration allows treatment of specific spots or wrinkles.
Varied people stroll or attend the piazza.
Varied perspectives allow students to more fully experience and understand all parts of a technique.
Varied perspectives enhance our creativity, our success and our evolution.
Varied perspectives flash forwards or backwards.
Varied perspectives strengthen weekly dialogue.
Varied places are available for adventure hungry people.
Varied programming appears alternate weeks.
Varied projects range from brochure design to fabric design.
Varied response is normal with all methods of intervention.
Varied scenery includes mountains, forests, streams, lakes, and alpine areas.
Varied seasons make it possible to canoe, swim, fish, bird watch, hike and cross-country ski.
Varied strategies help students with individual learning and group achievement.
Varied systems exist and each is suited for different purposes.
Varied tasks keep students interested in subject area and provide exciting ways to learn.
Varied terrain exists for all ability levels ranging from easiest to extreme.
Varied terrain is available for touring and turning.
Varied terrain requires considerable scouting since vast areas hold no elk.
Varied texts range from literary passages to expository prose.
Varied treatments are available, in public and private programs.
Varied viewpoints cloud up the environmental picture.
Varied viewpoints provide images of diverse American cultures.
Varied workshops discuss the philosophy and practice of public service.
Variegated beads look better in larger sizes as small beads tend to become one color.
Variegated cultivars grow best in somewhat lower light.
Variegated cultivars tend to loose their white color as shade increases.
Variegated cutworms are an ashy, or light dirty brown caterpillar less than two inches long.
Variegated cutworms attack a variety of vegetables and crops.
Variegated cutworms complete two to four generations per year in North America north of Mexico.
Variegated foliage can really brighten a shady area.
Variegated foliage is more intensified, too.
Variegated foliage makes a striking backdrop for the magenta blooms.
Variegated foliage provides interest in all seasons.
Variegated forms are also sensitive to damage by intense sunlight.
Variegated forms are common.
Variegated forms are grown as ornamentals.
Variegated forms can bring focus to Hosta or ferns with a charming and subtle touch.
Variegated germander is a full-sized germander with yellow and white variegations.
Variegated growth can also appear spontaneously on previously normal plants.
Variegated hollies are especially lovely, but they have fewer berries.
Most variegated hollies are male.
Variegated leaf has a cream-white edge.
Variegated leaves are freaks, but they are truly freaks of nature.
Variegated leaves have pale or colored sections that contain no chlorophyll.
Variegated leaves give a striped appearance.
Variegated leaves turn entirely green .
Variegated plants are especially useful for adding counterpoint to problematic areas of shade.
Variegated plants are subject to diseases because of the lack of chlorophyl.
Variegated plants can tolerate partial shade.
Variegated types exhibit a pinkish-red color on the leaves when euonymus scale is present.
Variegated types lose their coloration when grown in insufficient light.
Variegated varieties are also available.
Variegated varieties are more susceptible.
Most variegated varieties are more brilliant when planted in partial shade.
A variegation is variability
Variegation can be regular, forming a pattern such as stripes, or irregular blotches and patches.
Variegation can range through pure white, cream or yellow.
Variegation changes throughout the year, based on temperature, light and nutrient content.
Variegation intensifies with the arrival of spring and summer.
Variegation is a blended matte color combination that simulates natural wood siding.
Variegation is bland compared to many other plants.
Variegation is eye-catching.
Variegation is most evident on the new growth, but persists quite well.
Variegation is sharpest in new foliage, becoming less apparent as the leaves age.
Variegation persists throughout the year.
Variegation produces a quixotic expression of a gene, with the gene now turned on, now turned off.
Variegation varies in babies produced from leaves.
Variegations are variability.
Some variegations are bold, whether abstract or quite regularly patterned.
Varietal flavors are too numerous to classify.
Varietal labels are a fairly recent trend.
Many varietal names are given to tektites from different localities.
Varietal purity indicates genetic purity of the seed.
Varietal resistance is the single most important means of controlling vascular wilts.
Varietal susceptibility is by far the major factor determining the severity of either disease.
Varietal susceptibility seems to play a role in tip abortion in impatiens as well.
Varietal trials show it also does well in Texas, particularly in south Texas.
Varietal trials show it does well in Texas, particularly in South Texas.
Varietal wine is wine
Varietal wines are in the realm of todays' wine experience.
A varietal is wine
Varietals Blending old and new varietals makes for increased consumption.
Some variety magazine attend rare though immediate, meanwhile today imagine everybody.
Variety meat is meat
Variety meats is a catch-all term for the organ meats, feet, and tails of butchered animals.
Varieties of apple differ greatly in susceptibility to the fungus.
Any variety of apple is fine.
All varieties of apples require some cross-pollination.
Varieties of capitalism are laissez-faire, modern and corporatism.
Some varieties of potato are resistant to the fungus.
Many varieties of rice are toler- ant and even prefer inundated conditions.
Variety performance is dependent on genetics and environment.
A variety show is a show
Variety shows provide entertainment for the evenings.
Variety stores sell broom clips that hold clubs on the outside of a prop stand.
Variety theatres have a long history of including juggling acts on their billing.
Varieties also differ in their resistance to pecan scab, a serious disease of pecan trees.
Varieties also differ in their response to light levels.
Varieties also exist in the perforations.
Varieties also vary in time of flowering.
Varieties appear geographically specific.
Varieties are available for both cats and dogs.
Varieties are available in blue, pink, and white.
Varieties are available producing flowers of some color other than light blue.
Varieties are available that have white or purple flowers.
Varieties are available throughout the year as bare-rooted, or potted, flowering plants.
Varieties are available with greatly improved palatability and animal performance.
Varieties are available with resistance to powder mildew, blackspot and many other diseases.
Varieties are available with resistance to powdery mildew, black spot and many other diseases.
Varieties are available with single and double flowers.
Varieties are available.
Varieties are endless, feel free to experiment.
Varieties are hutchenson, holladay, delsoy, manokin, numerous willcross roundup ready seed.
Varieties are now available that are suitable for hay production.
Varieties are subdivisions of species.
Varieties are the spice of language.
Varieties can have different flavors.
Varieties can perform differently in different areas.
Varieties can vary in oil content, yield, ease of shelling, and flavor.
Varieties can vary widely in their production of tops relative to roots.
Varieties come in several colors and sizes, and can easily be grown in a backyard pond or container.
Varieties contain different levels of glycoalkaloids.
Varieties differ considerably in resistance.
Varieties differ considerably in susceptibility to late blight tuber decay.
Varieties differ greatly in apparent resistance.
Varieties differ greatly in susceptibility, especially iris.
Varieties differ greatly in their susceptibility to powdery mildew.
Varieties differ greatly in winter hardiness.
Varieties differ in flower color and plant size.
Varieties differ in height and lodging resistance.
Varieties differ in leaf color, texture, and shape.
Varieties differ in leaf shape from smooth and broad arrow- shaped to savoyed or wrinkled.
Varieties differ in re- sistance.
Varieties differ in resist- ance.
Varieties differ in resistance to the several rusts.
Varieties differ in susceptibility to bolting.
Varieties differ in susceptibility.
Varieties differ in texture as well.
Varieties differ in the amount of pubescence on seedhead and leaves.
Varieties differ in their photoperiod response.
Varieties differ in their susceptibility to fissuring.
Varieties differ in their susceptibility to side-shooting.
Varieties differ in their susceptibility.
Varieties differ in tolerance.
Varieties differ much in form and size of leaf and in vigor and rapidity of growth.
Varieties differ much in their arrangement of the various forms cf flowers found on a single spike.
Varieties differ significantly in their susceptibility and symptom expression.
Varieties differ somewhat in resistance.
Varieties differ widely in flavor and seediness.
Varieties do differ in their susceptibility to freeze damage.
Varieties do vary in performance and disease resistance.
Varieties exist with white, yellow, purple and green heads.
Varieties formerly considered resistant can become susceptible if new rust races develop.
Varieties grown in Pennsylvania show the indeterminate character.
Varieties grown include head lettuce, leaf lettuce, and romaine.
Varieties have different textures ranging from coarse to fine.
Varieties includes nonpareils, drag es, snowflakes, and jimmies.
Varieties is the term for types of grapes whose juice or wine is blended together.
Varieties known to be toxic include soy, black, red, yellow wax, and kidney beans.
Varieties mature at different rates due to genetic make up and weather conditions.
Varieties Note the relative resistance of the current lupin varieties.
Varieties offer high quality, fast recovery and persistence.
Varieties offered in nursery catalogs are selections of the best.
Varieties produce similar forage yields.
Varieties producing bright red berries are most preferred.
Varieties provides a listing of herb varieties available from commercial sources.
Varieties range from a tall herb with a few upright stems to a smaller, denser rosette-form.
Varieties range from barbecue, regular and extra salty, to jalepeno and cajun spicy.
Varieties range from spicy Italian, hot subs, and vegetarian sandwiches.
Varieties range in height from one to three feet.
Varieties react differently to wet, dry, hot, or cold periods.
Varieties respond differently to drilled seeding.
Varieties Select a variety adapted for the soil and location regardless of tillage.
Varieties tested include winter wheat, spring wheat, durum, barley and oats.
Varieties used for hats are many.
Varieties vary greatly from year to year in yield, quality or both, even with good management.
Varieties vary greatly in height from short, compact bedders to tall cutting plants.
Varieties vary greatly in height.
Varieties vary greatly in sufficiency levels as well.
Varieties vary greatly in their susceptibility.
Varieties vary in height, sugar content, grain yield, and digestibility.
Varieties vary in size from less than one foot to ten-foot pillar types.
Varieties vary in susceptibility.
Varieties vary in their drought tolerance.
Varieties vary in their reaction to the fungus.
Varieties vary in total forage yield and distribution, winter hardiness, and for disease resistance.
Varieties vary widely in susceptibility to bacterial spot.
Variety acts from UK and worldwide performing in entertainment and leisure.
Variety acts The work in which direct action groups are involved is surprisingly varied.
Variety adds interest.
Variety adds stimulation and opportunity.
Variety adds stimulation.
Variety allows selection to occur.
Variety alone overwhelms.
Variety appears to affect energy value of wheat more than type or whether wheat is hard or soft.
Variety appears to be a core concern of many parents.
Variety attracts people.
Variety balances out unity and keeps things interesting.
Variety becomes richness in the overall form.
Variety brings in a variety of people.
Variety calls the film remarkable.
Variety can also invigorate teachers.
Variety can also refer to the subject matter of a work of art.
Variety can be an expensive spice, however.
Variety can be important.
Variety can be so hard when living in a different culture.
Variety can improve adherence to an exercise program in the long run.
Variety can include adding new or modified drills periodically.
Variety can make artwork more interesting to look at.
Variety can make exercise refreshing.
Variety can recapture student attention.
Variety can refer to elements of art, such as colour and texture.
Variety can sometimes boost effectiveness.
Variety can support growth throughout life.
Variety can turn reluctant readers into readers.
Variety can turn young children into readers and writers.
Variety characterizes the activities of the many chapters.
Variety comes from using different strokes.
Variety comes in several ways other than choice of meal plan.
Variety comes in the jacket style and choice of shirt.
Variety comes in the stories themselves which portray a wide range of experiences.
Variety creates a better environment for learning and for maintaining enthusiasm.
Variety creates interest, but too much variation disrupts continuity.
Variety delivers the scoop on who's making it in entertainment every week.
Variety detracts rather than adds.
Variety does well when grown in a container.
Variety encourages creativity.
Variety encourages eating many different kinds of foods, prepared in different ways.
Variety encourages life and vitality.
Variety enlivens student participation and learning.
Variety ensures that the nutrients are taken in from a wide list of foods.
Variety expands a person - and that's a good thing.
Variety generates excitement and interest.
Variety helps cover any nutrients that are deficient in any one food item.
Variety helps here.
Variety helps keep book discussions fresh and interest high among members.
Variety helps spice things up.
Variety helps to keep our bodies responding.
Variety here is key.
Variety holds a viewer s attention and curiosity in an artwork.
Variety improves viewers' memory.
Variety includes retreat, service, social, and athletic events.
Variety increases interactivity, increases critical thinking.
Variety is a category of breed and is based on feather color, comb, or presence of a beard and muff.
Variety is a collection
Variety is a corking picture, made anywhere as it has been much in Germany.
Variety is a distinct advantage in the free enterprise system.
Variety is a fundamental to the use and development of curriculum products.
Variety is a good remedy.
Variety is a good thing in dancing.
Variety is a good thing.
Variety is a great strength of our nation and is a key to our vitality.
Variety is a key driving force.
Variety is a key element in reaching men of different ages and interest.
Variety is a key word in wildlife management.
Variety is a part of the magic of breakfast.
Variety is a powerful force.
Variety is a ranking of how many other things are available to do at the facility.
Variety is a spice of life, but it is better to have one spicy wife.
Variety is a spice of life.
Variety is a spice.
Variety is a sub-division of a breed.
Variety is a very important principle in spacing, just as much as type face selection or type sizes.
Variety is abbreviated var. and subspecies is abbreviated subsp. or ssp.
Variety is abundant.
Variety is achieved by assigning verses to different sections of the choir.
Variety is achieved with occasional pieces for solo piano.
Variety is added by isolated meadows and willow fields which occur throughout the timber.
Variety is also essential to the evaluation of texturing.
Variety is also important because different foods have different nutrients.
Variety is also important for exercise.
Variety is also important to good health.
Variety is also important, as they surely have that in nature, as well.
Variety is also important.
Variety is also key to a nutritionally balanced puppy.
Variety is also key to stimulating muscle growth.
Variety is also key.
Variety is amplified by an increasing number of new companies bringing fresh approaches to products.
Variety is an essential part of entertainment in cricket.
Variety is an essential part of the human diet.
Variety is an important ingredient in the band's music.
Variety is an important part of nutrition.
Variety is an obvious and widely recognised requirement.
Variety is an understatement.
Variety is another important aspect.
Variety is another key element.
Variety is another secret of success.
Variety is another villain.
Variety is appretiated.
Variety is as high as it is at any time of the year.
Variety is as important as visibility.
Variety is best Try to serve as many different foods as possible to prevent boredom.
Variety is best.
Variety is bliss.
Variety is both physically and psychologically advantageous.
Variety is both the spice and the staff of life.
Variety is charming.
Variety is cool, but rest is better.
Variety is created by using or altering different elements in numerous ways.
Variety is critical with strength training.
Variety is crucial, too.
Variety is crucial.
Variety is defined as a multiplicity of distinctions.
Variety is differences.
Variety is discussed below and in our Nutrition Overview .
Variety is encouraged.
Variety is enjoyable and increases fitness.
Variety is especially important and including fortified foods helps meet their higher needs.
Variety is essential in learning.
Variety is essential to every good training program.
Variety is essential to success.
Variety is essential to sustained growth and development.
Variety is essential to the diet of a healthy animal.
Variety is essential.
Variety is expensive, and everyone knows who has the money.
Variety is extremely beneficial.
Variety is extremely important.
Variety is Good .
Variety is good for other reasons, too.
Variety is good for two reasons.
Variety is good, but so is repetition.
Variety is good, including a broad range of tropical fruits.
Variety is good, so don t just go with the regular cheese and crackers.
Variety is good.
Variety is great.
Variety is healthy.
Variety is important for activity.
Variety is important for good nutrition.
Variety is important for nutritional diversity.
Variety is important for teachers, too.
Variety is important here, too.
Variety is important here.
Variety is important in the type of music, the space in the venue and the age range of the gig.
Variety is important since the different vegetables contain different health-promoting substances.
Variety is important so the child learns to know many foods.
Variety is important too.
Variety is important, but so is price.
Variety is important, even within a consistent routine.
Variety is important, it is a good idea to try to get children to try a variety of foods.
Variety is important.
Variety is indeed the spice of life in Thailand.
Variety is indispensable to personal wellbeing.
Variety is injected from the outside.
Variety is interest.
Variety is key here.
Variety is key when designing team space.
Variety is key.
Variety is limited only by imagination.
Variety is literally the spice of life.
Variety is magazines.
Variety is more important than quantity.
Variety is more pleasing than a tedious undiversified uniformity.
Variety is more than the spice of life.
Variety is much better for a growing body.
Variety is necessary for successful bird damage control.
Variety is nice, so the more varied the locales the better.
Variety is nice.
Variety is now everything.
Variety is offered for people whose food tolerances can change overnight.
Variety is one key.
Variety is one of the keys to dim sum.
Variety is one of their basic characteristics.
Variety is one of Walnut Street's striking features.
Variety is one thing.
Variety is our goal.
Variety is our specialty.
Variety is out strength.
Variety is part of algebra.
Variety is part of Dunster's charm and there is a wealth of history to unfold.
Variety is part of species.
Variety is part of the fun of cooking from scratch.
Variety is probably the Big publication for the film industry.
Variety is probably the most important ingredient.
Variety is probably the spice of stability.
Variety is promised in the days to come.
Variety is right.
Variety is second.
Variety is self fruitful and often used as a pollinator.
Variety is self-unfruitful.
Variety is simply one aspect an artist can think about when planning and creating.
Variety is so important.
Variety is spice.
Variety is synonymous with cultivar.
Variety is the active ingredient here.
Variety is the bands specialty, and they play what the audience wants to hear.
Variety is the basis for natural selection.
Variety is the best culinary spice.
Variety is the bible of the showbiz industry.
Variety is the butterfly's spice of life.
Variety is the cornerstone of a nutritionally adequate eating pattern.
Variety is the degree of genetic variation within a species.
Variety is the essence of evolution.
Variety is the goal.
Variety is the hallmark of the Greek geographical landscape.
Variety is the joy of cooking.
Variety is the key .
Variety is the key and less is truly more.
Variety is the key feature of jobs in the human service area.
Variety is the key here.
Variety is the key to a complete nutrient rich diet.
Variety is the key to a healthy diet.
Variety is the key to a successful storage program.
Variety is the key to Canada's third largest province.
Variety is the key to continuous improvement.
Variety is the key to dietary lifestyle change.
Variety is the key to enjoyable meals.
Variety is the key to good health.
Variety is the key to healthy high fibre eating.
Variety is the key to language change.
Variety is the key to life.
Variety is the key to our dining services.
Variety is the key to overcoming a training plateau.
Variety is the key to stimulating biceps growth.
Variety is the key to the menu.
Variety is the key when feeding meats from livestock.
Variety is the key word for our entertainment which is suitable for all ages.
Variety is the key word to describe what happens in club.
Variety is the key word to note when considering the layout of Michigan's campuses.
Variety is the key.
Variety is the keynote of Austrian climate.
Variety is the keyword here, as they write in as many styles as they enjoy.
Variety is the life of life.
Variety is the life of the garden.
Variety is the most important aspect of their diet.
Variety is the most important ingredient.
Variety is the mother of enjoyment.
Variety is the name of our game.
Variety is the name of the game on the non-food agenda.
Variety is the name of the game, with everything from single-track to jeep roads, even a bridge.
Variety is the name of the game.
Variety is the number one thing.
Variety is the only consistency here.
Variety is the operative word.
Variety is the opposite of repetition.
Variety is the order of the day.
Variety is the premier source of entertainment news worldwide.
Variety is the principle of art dealing with differences.
Variety is the soul of pleasure.
Variety is the spice etc.
Variety is the spice of a convention program.
Variety is the spice of a healthy sexual relationship.
Variety is the spice of any ongoing incentive program.
Variety is the spice of Indian ice cream.
Variety is the spice of Kayak cookery'.
Variety is the spice of life - so, too, in classroom delivery.
Variety is the spice of life .
Variety is the spice of life and all that shit.
Variety is the spice of life and it is also the spice to learning and teaching.
Variety is the spice of life and of a career.
Variety is the spice of life and probably the way to healthy hands.
Variety is the spice of life and the key that engages the mind and maintains attention .
Variety is the spice of life and the key to long term exercise habits.
Variety is the spice of life and they like their life and love spicy.
Variety is the spice of life claimed one resident.
Variety is the spice of life for cephalopods as well as humans.
Variety is the spice of life in the workplace.
Variety is the spice of life, after all.
Variety is the spice of life, and also keeps young birds healthy.
Variety is the spice of life, and fitness.
Variety is the spice of life, and insanity is constant variety.
Variety is the spice of life, and none so true as in Indonesia.
Variety is the spice of life, and spice is often the key to variety.
Variety is the spice of life, and there are a variety of spices in root beer.
Variety is the spice of life, but flexibility and innovation are good coaching qualities, too.
Variety is the spice of life, especially for young adolescents.
Variety is the spice of life, goes the saying.
Variety is the spice of life, on and off the racetrack.
Variety is the spice of life, people.
Variety is the spice of life, so they say.
Variety is the spice of life, too much variety is the kiss of death.
Variety is the spice of life'.
Variety is the spice of life.
Variety is the spice of listening.
Variety is the spice of literature.
Variety is the spice of multizone testing.
Variety is the spice of reading.
Variety is the spice of something or other.
Variety is the spice of the Science Fair.
Variety is the spice of their life.
Variety is the spice of training.
Variety is the spice to learning and growing in music education.
Variety is the spice.
Variety is the virtue that often keeps criminal lawyers enamored of the practice.
Variety is the watch-word of New York Province high schools.
Variety is the watchword.
Variety is thus a measure of the complexity of the system.
Variety is tremendous.
Variety is truly the spice of life.
Variety is truly the spice of our business.
Variety is valuable.
Variety is very important and that is what makes the paper the size it is.
Variety is very important to Geminis in every area of life and food is no exception.
Variety is very important, so experiment.
Variety is very important.
Variety is vital for the preschool's child development.
Variety is welcomed.
Variety is what adds interest to an image.
Variety is what keeps people going.
Variety is what keeps sex from becoming boring.
Variety is what makes the job fun.
Variety is what makes the web so interesting.
Variety is worthy of certification, or describable by the originator.
Variety is, in fact, the hallmark of the geographical landscape of Greece.
Variety is, in fact, the hallmark of the Greek geographical landscape generally.
Variety is, indeed, the spice of the spiritual life.
Variety isa aggregation.
Variety isa collection.
Variety keeps interest levels high and encourages active listening.
Variety keeps it fun.
Variety keeps small press alive.
Variety lacks as well.
Variety makes artwork more interesting.
Variety makes going shopping much more enjoyable.
Variety makes visiting the pawn shop an exciting and enjoyable experience.
Variety means providing a wide selection of foods both within and among the food groups.
Variety occurs when an artist creates something that looks different from the rest of the artwork.
Variety offers the elephants enrichment.
Variety prevents boredom among exercisers, which in turn helps maintain usage rates.
Variety produces add on sales.
Variety produces harmony and completeness.
Variety provides an annual grant to underwrite many of the services the center provides.
Variety provides balance. .
Variety provides possibilities for innovations through new combinations.
Variety reduces satiation and alleviates boredom.
Variety remains the spice of life.
Variety reports another, darker Hogan -related movie is in the works.
Variety reports that everyone's tight-lipped about the story.
Variety reports that it's presnetly looking for a helmer.
Variety reports that no new director has stepped in yet.
Variety reports that production is set to begin during the summer in Miami.
Variety reports that production is set to start in the next two months.
Variety reports that production is set to start next year.
Variety reports that the cause of death was an apparent heart attack.
Variety reports that the film has wrapped shooting in Prague.
Variety reports that the film is scheduling for a fall start, pending strike activity.
Variety reports that the film is the troubled woman's coming of age story.
Variety reports that the tale follows three college students who are experts at scamming the system.
Variety requires incumbent to identify necessary steps involved in each process.
Variety satisfies the legions of golf nuts.
Variety says darabont is in talks to take on the project.
Variety says 'It's a potent picture'.
Variety seems to be important.
Variety seems to be the game plan now.
Variety seems to be the key to life, con- tentment and fulfilment.
Variety seems to be the key to their domestic care.
Variety show featuring performance art, improv comedy, dance, music, etc.
Variety show featuring trick marionettes such as a tightrope walker, trapeze artist and breakaway.
Variety show that includes juggling, music, poetry and comedy.
Variety shows, children's productions.
Variety shows, dormant for decades, are around the corner.
Variety truly is the spice of life.
Variety wants to make amends.
Variety works best.
Variety always appeals to Oranges.
All varieties appear as thin wispy and windblown.
All varieties appear to have pressure from aphids and diamondback moths.
All varieties are a delight and grow best in light shade with ample moisture.
All varieties are available in heavily reinforced.
All varieties are available in our own attractive packaging.
All varieties are beardless, soft, red, winter wheats.
All varieties are crisp, firm and slightly granular in texture.
All varieties are extremely under-seeded.
All varieties are fat-free and additional nutritional information is available on the label.
All varieties are fragrant, and make excellent cut flowers.
All varieties are good for cutting .
All varieties are hybrids.
All varieties are indeterminate, so that they can produce over a long harvest season.
All varieties are low in kilojoules.
All varieties are more prevalent in males.
All varieties are organic.
All varieties are poisonous if eaten in quantity.
All varieties are possible.
All varieties are self-fertile.
All varieties are semi-dwarf.
All varieties are suitable for rock gardens and xeriscapes.
All varieties are susceptible to attack from Euonymus scale insects.
All varieties are susceptible to scab, with some being more severely effected than others.
All varieties are susceptible.
All varieties are unique and taste great over biscuits, toast, potatoes, rice, pasta or meat.
All varieties are useful in borders and near a house.
All varieties are winter-hardy.
All varieties bring out the poet in a person.
All varieties can revert to dark green leaves.
All varieties can survive cold winters well.
All varieties contain essential oil , the principal components of which are thymol and carvacrol.
All varieties contain essential oil.
All varieties fall into one of four groups.
All varieties grow similarly and provide biomass and N uptake.
All varieties grow well with an even balanced fertilizer program and are vigorous growers.
All varieties have a bright yellow pulp.
All varieties have a maximum yield potential that is genetically determined.
All varieties have a porcelain-like shine  and many have colorful patterns.
All varieties have a porcelain-like shine and many have colorful patterns .
All varieties have a thick, soft, inedible skin with shiny, watermelonlike seeds.
All varieties have bumpy diamond-patterned skins.
All varieties have bush vines, and take little garden space.
All varieties have showy flowers and are susceptible to relatively few insect pests.
All varieties have similar basic growth requirements and follow the same corn plant life cycle.
All varieties have three leaves.
All varieties listed have ratings for tolerance to blackleg.
All varieties look good in wet, cool years.
All varieties make good cut flowers.
All varieties readily cross with each other.
All varieties require frequent mowing to establish a dense sod and keep weeds from seeding.
All varieties require well-drained soils.
All varieties shatter to some extent and are lodging and disease susceptible.
All varieties show a black spot at the corners of the mouth.
All varieties show an exceptional survivability, with seeds that live practically forever.
All varieties tolerate light shade.
All varieties yield to gentle pressure when ripe.
Any variety is adapted to container planting.
Any variety is bound to be delicious.
Any variety works.
Every variety is a deviation, which becomes a species as soon as it is permanent by reproduction.
Every variety is divided again into three local vernaculars.
Many varieties add color in the fall and winter when they turn muted shades of gold or russet.
Many varieties also fill the air with intoxicating perfume.
Many varieties also produce stalks of white to pale blue flowers that are slightly sweet-smelling.
Many varieties are available for immediate delivery.
Many varieties are available for use in cooking and medicine.
Many varieties are available in catalogs.
Many varieties are available in glass, surface, patent and in rolls.
Many varieties are available in multiple grades.
Many varieties are available primarily in shades of yellow, gold, orange and mahogany red.
Many varieties are available that are suited to a wide variety of climates.
Many varieties are available with a wide range of colors and heights from which to choose.
Many varieties are available with contrasting leaf venation colors and patterns.
Many varieties are available, and two or three varieties provide harvest over a long period.
Many varieties are available, with colors ranging from reds and purples to yellows and oranges.
Many varieties are available.
Many varieties are awnless, and in awned varieties, usually only the first flower is awned.
Many varieties are cultivated in gardens, both for ornament and also for culinary use.
Many varieties are dense and compact, others are quite open, and some almost tree-like.
Many varieties are fragrant, some are spicy, others have a sweet, honey fragrance.
Many varieties are hardy when mature and hold well in the garden during winter.
Many varieties are in full bloom in nurseries, ready to be planted.
Many varieties are less irritating to skin than the fiberglass used several years ago.
Many varieties are mutants of single late tulips.
Many varieties are only once in a while available.
Many varieties are pleasantly fragrant, make terrific cut flowers, and attract butterflies.
Many varieties are resistant to a few races, but few varieties are resistant to most races.
Many varieties are resistant.
Many varieties are suitable and wonderfully effective when planted in large containers.
Many varieties are very hardy.
Many varieties can take more exposure than japonicas.
Many varieties can tolerate full sun if adequate soil moisture is maintained.
Many varieties change color long before the grapes are fully ripe.
Many varieties cook quickly to a mush.
Many varieties enjoy a symbiotic relationship with the microalgae zooxanthellae.
Many varieties exist.
Many varieties grow well in Brazos County.
Many varieties have a green spot at the base of their petals.
Many varieties have bright speckles on their broad, sword-like leaves.
Many varieties have creases of similar shape.
Many varieties have dark green foliage, although variegated types are also very popular.
Many varieties have different fruit shapes and colors.
Many varieties have high proportions of hard seed.
Many varieties have light colored stems that contrast well with the darker foliage.
Many varieties have separate sexes in flowers.
Many varieties make excellent border plants, ground covers, and rock garden plants.
Many varieties only produce one stem in the nursery stage.
Many varieties perform well in particular areas or particular growing conditions.
Many varieties presently grown are resistant to some of the most serious diseases of field crops.
Many varieties produce blossoms in spring only.
Many varieties range along the Atlantic coast.
Many varieties resemble larger plant material but on a minature scale.
Many varieties reveal a beautiful fragrance.
Many varieties sell out early.
Many varieties tend to develop elevated growth crowns after a couple of years.
More varieties are available from catalogs and herb speciality nurseries.
More varieties are available here at the nursery.
More Varieties are available than shown here - check our list.
More variety is available to the consumer.
More variety is better, of course.
More variety is needed to make the music-making itself more compelling.
More variety is planned for the near future.
More variety is welcome into a school diet that can sometimes become monotonous.
More variety means more opportunity.
Most varieties also have exfoliating, colored bark.
Most varieties are also available as high temperature versions for burn-in oven applications.
Most varieties are available for sampling every day.
Most varieties are available throughout year, very long lasting.
Most varieties are bushy and compact.
Most varieties are deciduous.
Most varieties are fragrant, but do check the seed package description.
Most varieties are green, but some produce a red head.
Most varieties are hybrids.
Most varieties are in good supply.
Most varieties are more upright than the perennial ryegrasses and are lighter in color.
Most varieties are now available as endophyte-free seed.
Most varieties are open-pollinated and untreated.
Most varieties are poisonous however.
Most varieties are pure line, but a few are a blend of two or more pure varieties.
Most varieties are resistant enough under Arkansas conditions that no other measures are required.
Most varieties are self-fertile.
Most varieties are self-fruitful.
Most varieties are self-unfruitful.
Most varieties are slow to leaf out in the spring.
Most varieties are somewhat resistant.
Most varieties are sprinkled with spines, which wipe off easily.
Most varieties are susceptible to one or more of the sweet sorghum diseases prevalent in Kentucky.
Most varieties are susceptible to powdery mildew but resistant varieties are available.
Most varieties are susceptible.
Most varieties are winterhardy, though the tetraploid type is less so than the common diploid type.
Most varieties are within a few days of heading.
Most varieties bear their fruit mainly on spurs formed on the older branches.
Most varieties begin to produce fruit in three to four years.
Most varieties bloom all summer.
Most varieties bloom early.
Most varieties bloom heavily in the summer and continue with sporadic blooms through the fall.
Most varieties bloom the second year after planting from seed.
Most varieties can survive when grown in partial sun.
Most varieties cause little damage and prefer to stay in the farm's various natural sanctuaries.
Most varieties do best in well drained slightly acid soil.
Most varieties do equally well in the ground or in containers.
Most varieties do suffer signifi cant winter dieback.
Most varieties grow near coasts, where they are attached to rocks, shells, or the floor of the sea.
Most varieties grown in Mississippi have a moderate level of resistance to blast.
Most varieties have a cheese base and come in small chunks or balls.
Most varieties have a deep coloured centre, creating quite a wonderful bi-colour effect.
Most varieties have a silvery sheen due to the many short hairs on the surface of the leaf.
Most varieties have at least a moderate level of resistance.
Most varieties have male and female flowers and have to be pollinated by hand.
Most varieties have minute hairs on both surfaces.
Most varieties have multiple virus resistances.
Most varieties have orange flesh that is slightly sweet with a nutty flavor.
Most varieties have red, yellow or tan skin and yellow flesh that is creamy and smooth.
Most varieties have some resistance.
Most varieties have spines along the edges and on the midribs of the leaves.
Most varieties have switches, which can fail.
Most varieties have the same chilling requirement for leaf and fruit buds.
Most varieties have thorns on young branches.
Most varieties have white flowers, although some boast pink or crimson blooms and even fragrance.
Most varieties make a large plant.
Most varieties make between one gallon and three and one-half gallons of spray.
Most varieties make excellent cut flowers and last a long time, if cut just when starting to open.
Most varieties now have adequate resistance to stem rust, but a few are moderately susceptible.
Most varieties perform well in full or filtered sun.
Most varieties planted early in Arkansas are in the mid to late four or early five maturity groups.
Most varieties prefer bright light and warmth as well as a reasonable degree of humidity.
Most varieties prefer full sun, but grow in light shade.
Most varieties produce several male flowers before female flowers appear and fruits are set.
Most varieties produce their flower rosettes in spring.
Most varieties require a period of heat afterwards to complete the bud break.
Most varieties require a pollinizer.
Most varieties require separate male and female plants to produce a crop.
Most varieties require some winter protection.
Most varieties shed their leaves yearly, growing new ones that appear immediately.
Most varieties thrive in hot weather.
Most variety is in the rainforest areas .
Most variety is in the rainforest areas.
Some varieties act as reseeding biennials.
Some varieties actually taste better after a few months of storage.
Some varieties also are resistant to anthracnose.
Some varieties also come in a range of colors.
Some varieties also have bronze foliage.
Some varieties also have more tolerance to root rot problems.
Some varieties also have white or yellow blooms.
Some varieties also produce a small, early crop on old wood.
Some varieties also produce lavender to pink blooms.
Some varieties also produce white or pink flowers.
Some varieties appear more susceptible to forming high levels of free fatty acids than others.
Some varieties appear to be more susceptible than others, although any variety can be attacked.
Some varieties are a little more tenacious.
Some varieties are also fragrant.
Some varieties are also more susceptible than others.
Some varieties are available now.
Some varieties are available that produce white, yellow and even pink flowers.
Some varieties are better suited for freezing, and others are best canned.
Some varieties are classified as invasive in certain regions.
Some varieties are clegs, stouts, breeze-flies, dunflies, and more.
Some varieties are delicately fragrant.
Some varieties are erect and bushy, while others are viney in growth habit.
Some varieties are especially good for making cider .
Some varieties are especially good for making cider.
Some varieties are especially sensitive to deep planting.
Some varieties are evergreen, while other take a winter rest.
Some varieties are evergreen.
Some varieties are excellent bakers.
Some varieties are extremely sensitive to herbicides.
Some varieties are faster to get established than others so be patient.
Some varieties are frosted .
Some varieties are frosted.
Some varieties are good layers while others are bred principally for meat.
Some varieties are good sources of fiber, potassium, and folate.
Some varieties are hard to germinate.
Some varieties are heat sensitive.
Some varieties are highly branched, while others are unbranched.
Some varieties are immune to fire blight.
Some varieties are important to sportsmen as well as connoisseurs.
Some varieties are in short supply so please list acceptable substitutes.
Some varieties are indigenous to South Africa, South America, and Australia.
Some varieties are large.
Some varieties are less affected.
Some varieties are less appealing as food for cucumber beetles.
Some varieties are less likely to be damaged by caterpillars or other pests.
Some varieties are less susceptible, but none are completely resistant.
Some varieties are less susceptible, but none are highly resistant.
Some varieties are limited and sell out quickly.
Some varieties are low in fat.
Some varieties are mixed with grains or vegetables during the fermentation stage.
Some varieties are more adapted to harsh and wet climates.
Some varieties are more cold-tolerant or bloom later than others.
Some varieties are more free tillering than others.
Some varieties are more infectious than others.
Some varieties are more mossy than others but all are quite recognisable.
Some varieties are more pest and disease resistant than others.
Some varieties are more prone than others.
Some varieties are more prone to the condition than others.
Some varieties are more resistant to tan spot than others.
Some varieties are more resistant to the mite.
Some varieties are more sensitive than others.
Some varieties are more sun tolerant than others.
Some varieties are more susceptible than others.
Some varieties are more susceptible to bolting than are other varieties.
Some varieties are more susceptible to fluctuation of winter temperatures and can fail to open.
Some varieties are more susceptible to it then others and it's worse in wet weather.
Some varieties are more tolerant of our hot summer days and cool nights than others.
Some varieties are more tolerant of sun.
Some varieties are mostly fruits and have a granola like texture, while others are crunchy.
Some varieties are much better to force than others and it is usually marked on the packages.
Some varieties are much more prone to it than others.
Some varieties are naturally more resistant to a particular disease than others.
Some varieties are parasitic although they can go undetected and cause their host little harm.
Some varieties are prepared with onions, others with meat or sheep's tail fat in the dough.
Some varieties are resistant are to root galls, leaf galls or both.
Some varieties are resistant to cracking.
Some varieties are resistant to more than one race.
Some varieties are resistant, but many grafted varieties are susceptible.
Some varieties are resistant, so be sure and choose a wilt-resistant variety.
Some varieties are rich and sophisticated.
Some varieties are rust resistant.
Some varieties are seedless.
Some varieties are self-fruitful, but planting two varieties is recommended.
Some varieties are self-fruitful.
Some varieties are spiny and thus make an excellent hedge.
Some varieties are suitable in hanging baskets, others have more upright growth and do well in pots.
Some varieties are surprisingly fragrant and most do well in dense shade.
Some varieties are sweet, some are sour.
Some varieties are symptomless carriers of the virus.
Some varieties are symptomless carriers.
Some varieties are trailing, others are mound-forming.
Some varieties are useful.
Some varieties are usually self-rooted.
Some varieties are very tiny.
Some varieties are virus-resistant.
Some varieties are worse than others.
Some varieties are yellowish, green or black, with oblong or spherical roots.
Some varieties bear no fruit and are used exclusively as ornamentals.
Some varieties bear single flowers while others have double flowers .
Some varieties bear solitary flowers or one flower per plant while others bear multiple flowers.
Some varieties bear white or green fruits.
Some varieties become as large as dinner plates.
Some varieties benefit from one last feeding.
Some varieties bloom early in the season, others late.
Some varieties bloom more than others.
Some varieties bolt faster than others.
Some varieties can be finicky to germinate.
Some varieties can be symptomless, or develop symptoms that later disappear.
Some varieties can be taller.
Some varieties can bear fruit twice a year.
Some varieties can cause problems with runoff, and during fermentation.
Some varieties can even live in dry areas.
Some varieties can get in great amount.
Some varieties can get quite large.
Some varieties can grow considerably larger.
Some varieties can make children sick.
Some varieties can withstand the winter better than others.
Some varieties carry a faint, unpleasant scent.
Some varieties change color from yellow to purple to red, other form purple to red.
Some varieties change colors as the ripen and turn more yellow or red.
Some varieties come in a hybridized or non-invasive variety.
Some varieties come true from saved seed.
Some varieties commonly leaves with more than three leaflets.
Some varieties contain solanine, which is poisonous.
Some varieties contain the flavonoid naringin.
Some varieties contain titanium.
Some varieties contribute mainly bitterness, while others are prized for their fine aromas.
Some varieties definitely can take more heat than most.
Some varieties depend on special leaveners and disproportionate amounts of fat and sugar.
Some varieties develop a circular crack around the stem.
Some varieties develop a lot of foliage and so are good in hot, sunny areas of the country.
Some varieties do better in certain locations.
Some varieties do better under certain conditions than others.
Some varieties do well in shade and some perform fair to excellent in drought conditions.
Some varieties even harbor more than one kind of disease.
Some varieties even have fringed leaves.
Some varieties even rebloom.
Some varieties exhibit more susceptibility than other varieties.
Some varieties exist that are different in the shapes of the leaves.
Some varieties exist with white flowers.
Some varieties fall clearly into one division, other seem to fit in more than one.
Some varieties feature a sprawling habit and make good ground cover.
Some varieties feed on plants and as they love moisture many are found in basements and near drains.
Some varieties freeze out in coldest winters.
Some varieties go through fairly drastic color variations throughout the year.
Some varieties grow as wildflowers.
Some varieties grow best in cool-summer areas, and they appreciate shelter from prevailing winds.
Some varieties grow nicely well into Virginia.
Some varieties grow well during droughts, others can withstand certain pests.
Some varieties grow well year after year without resetting.
Some varieties has only ng as the only coda.
Some varieties have a better chance to survive and reproduce.
Some varieties have a more spreading habit while others tend to be more upright.
Some varieties have a multifoliate charactersitic as seen in the following image.
Some varieties have a reddish sheath.
Some varieties have a reddish-copper overcast to the foliage.
Some varieties have a yellowish colored border along the leaves.
Some varieties have aromatic foliage.
Some varieties have attractive red fruit.
Some varieties have better tolerance to heat and drought.
Some varieties have bicolour foliage.
Some varieties have both resistance and tolerance.
Some varieties have bronze foliage and some green variegated with white.
Some varieties have cinnamon brown wing markings while others have clear opalescent wing feathers.
Some varieties have claw-like hooks instead of, or in addition to, the suckers.
Some varieties have dark foliage.
Some varieties have deep burgundy-colored or variegated leaves.
Some varieties have double blooms which means they have more than six segments.
Some varieties have excellent wildlife value for white-tailed deer and wild turkey.
Some varieties have extra long canes, and the overall appearance is improved by 'pegging down'.
Some varieties have fine-textured foliage which is covered with small yellow flowers.
Some varieties have flowers with contrasting white centers.
Some varieties have fragrant flowers.
Some varieties have genetic resistance or tolerance to European corn borer.
Some varieties have handsome leaves that range from dark green to burgundy.
Some varieties have husks that defy removal of they are dried before husking.
Some varieties have leaves tinged with red or purple or are variegated.
Some varieties have more plantable cloves per bulb than others.
Some varieties have much better keeping quality than others.
Some varieties have multiple heads.
Some varieties have naturally red leaves.
Some varieties have no berries.
Some varieties have other flower colors.
Some varieties have partial resistance to crown rot and can reduce the severity of crown rot.
Some varieties have patches of white.
Some varieties have plumose spikes, which can be used as cut flowers.
Some varieties have purple-tinged leaves to boot.
Some varieties have red paint added as a rim band or in simple designs.
Some varieties have resistance to leaf scorch.
Some varieties have resistance.
Some varieties have showy foliage as well as flowers.
Some varieties have single petals, while others have showy semi-double or double petals.
Some varieties have specific functions, others record the stages of technological progress.
Some varieties have spots with dark brown borders.
Some varieties have striking foliage in shades of purple to silver.
Some varieties have superior cold tolerance.
Some varieties have symptoms on the fruit, making it undesirable or unmarketable for packers.
Some varieties have the lower end narrowed and prolonged.
Some varieties have tolerance to soil rot.
Some varieties have tolerance to the virus.
Some varieties have two names which are equally used.
Some varieties have up to five grams of added sugar.
Some varieties have very small flowers.
Some varieties have white or yellow striped leaves.
Some varieties have white or yellowish wart-like scales on surface of cap.
Some varieties have white, lilac, or purple flowers.
Some varieties inherently mature a month or more before other varieties.
Some varieties live several thousand years.
Some varieties lose all leaves at the time of flowering.
Some varieties lose their green in the summer, creating a solid-colored spathe.
Some varieties make excellent hedges that can be sheared back annually for a very formal look.
Some varieties mature uniformly while others are variable.
Some varieties naturalize.
Some varieties never do it, some do it often, and the Variegated types do it in every bloom.
Some varieties now offer white or pink stems.
Some varieties offer added calcium if they are made with a calcium-based coagulant.
Some varieties offer tolerance of early blight.
Some varieties offer variegated leaves.
Some varieties perform best on lighter, better-drained soils.
Some varieties perform better in certain regions than others.
Some varieties perform much better than others.
Some varieties prefer splitting the total nitrogen application.
Some varieties produce berries on the same canes twice.
Some varieties produce double flowers, others produce both single and double flowers.
Some varieties produce suckers freely after they are established on their own roots.
Some varieties produce two crops a year and are called everbearing or fallbearing.
Some varieties require large amounts of moisture and water to survive.
Some varieties require more chilling hours than others.
Some varieties require part sun or morning sun in the hottest driest locations.
Some varieties resist leaf and soil-borne diseases and nematodes.
Some varieties resist viruses transmitted by aphids and other insects.
Some varieties seem to be more resistant than others.
Some varieties seem to grow more vigorously from cuttings.
Some varieties seem to have better texture than the Zimbabwe products.
Some varieties shed their pollen before the female flowers are receptive.
Some varieties show a flavour intermediate between oregano and marjoram.
Some varieties show varying degrees of resistance to formation of sclerotia on tubers.
Some varieties simply don t bloom indoors or when they are young.
Some varieties solidify in the jar after a day, others resist being ground with water.
Some varieties take longer to bloom.
Some varieties take longer.
Some varieties tend to be lower in prussic acid than others.
Some varieties turn bronze in the fall.
Some varieties use all three methods.
Some varieties work well in containers.
Some variety is added by the powerups that certain shapes release once completed.
Some variety never hurts.
Some variety occurs in animals.
Some variety produces harmful toxin containing allelopathic that dwarfed many plants.
Variola major is the more serious of the two infections.
Various abnormalities can delay or prevent sexual development.
Various accessories are also available.
Various accessories are available as optional add-on.
Various accidents related to pesticides are quite common and widespread.
Various accommodations are available with in minutes of the academy.
Various accommodations are available with in minutes of the college.
Various accommodations are available with in minutes of the training location.
Various accounts paint it as a stormy, difficult relationship.
Various actions are necessary.
Various actions are underway to protect tenrec habitat.
Various actions can mitigate undesirable effects of surface mining in the Northern Great Plains.
Various activities allow participants to create their own network of support with the community.
Various activities are appropriate for certain age groups.
Various activities are available at each site.
Various activities are available for the seniors to occupy their days.
Various activities are available such as paint, clay, blocks, manipulatives, dramatic play.
Various activities are in the planning stages.
Various activities conducted by the institution include camping, scouting.
Various activities do occur throughout the week and month.
Various activities follow after that, depending on the day of the week.
Various activities follow including live music, outdoor food stands and vendors.
Various activities highlight the cultures and backgrounds of diverse ethnic groups.
Various activities involve all members.
Various activities make learning fun.
Various activities occur during the day and after-school.
Various activities offer healthy solutions for students.
Various activities raise money and campus awareness.
Various activities require different ground surfaces, structures, or plantings.
Various activities stimulate interest and promote the education and appreciation of art.
Various activities take place in Hemingway throughout the school year.
Various activities utilize the above mentioned strategies.
Various actors overact their faces off to no real gain.
Various adapters are available to ensure easy observation under optimal conditions anytime.
Various additives can control fireside deposit accumulation in recovery boilers.
Various adjuncts are available which can enhance the practitioner s ability to do so.
Various adornments rest on top of the object.
Various adventures follow.
Various affidavits say that the racial doctrine included respect for other peoples.
Various ages attend.
Various ages can liven up the conversation too.
Various agencies develop guidelines.
Various agencies exist to advise and resolve civil disputes within the borough.
Various agencies have different regulations for full-time loads during the three summer sessions.
Various agencies have rules.
Various agencies have various requirements.
Various agencies help students with the cost of tuition.
Various agencies monitor developments in the housing market.
Various agencies post procurement announcements on the site.
Various agencies use different coding systems for geographic identification.
Most various agencies develop guidelines.
Most various agencies have rules.
Various agents assist in the transference of disease from one plant to another.
Various aids are present in the software to simplify the acquisition of traces.
Various aids provide a broad and practical account of the various means used to manage waste.
Some various ailment includes congestion.
Some various ailment includes lung congestion.
Various airlines fly and costs are always subject to change.
Various airlines have regular flights available.
Various algorithms exist.
Various algorithms introduced can aid in solving complex routing problems.
Various allergies are common.
Various alternatives are available for managing the training budget and facilities.
Various alternatives are possible that cam be nearly as effective.
Various alternatives exist, including bringing in equity capital to help.
Various amendments are concerned with insurers.
Various amounts are available for winning by participating guests.
Various analgesics are available to the investigator.
Various analysts have quite different takes on the issues.
Various analysts share our opinion, that the real problem in the country is the neo-liberal model.
Various anecdotes fill in the details of what happened next.
Various animals appear in Africa.
Various animals appear mong the flowers, some of which are the animal representations of the senses.
Various animals depend on diets.
Various animals display differences.
Various animals eat meat.
Various animals illustrate the activities.
Various animals pose about.
Various animals show a wide spectrum of emotions ranging from sorrow to joy.
Most various animals depend on diets.
Most various animals display differences.
Most various animals eat meat.
Some various animals eat seeds.
Some various animals feed on plankton.
Some various animals undergo metamorphosis.
Various annuals are also present such as paintbrush and lupine species.
Various anomalies having nothing to do with fraud can appear for innocent reasons.
Various answers are acceptable here.
Various answers are acceptable.
Various answers are possible.
Various answers suggest themselves.
Various ants eat almost any kind of plant or animal material.
Various aphids can be pests on daylilies.
Various appendices provide information about some unique features of the program.
Various applications are also available for download from the web.
Various applications are currently under development.
Various applications call for differing amounts of operating pressure.
Various applications require simple lists such as pop-up menus and selection lists on HTML forms.
Various approaches are at hand for re-examining roles.
Various approaches can help improve the building envelope.
Various archives store newsgroup traffic for newcomers to the newsgroup.
Various areas are available for guided hunting.
Various areas are available for rental for private parties, meetings, practices, etc.
Various areas cater to children of different ages and tastes.
Various arguments abound in the matter of spacing of children.
Various arrangements are possible.
Various arrangements can provide a high degree of self-management.
Various arrangements exist regarding reimbursement for textbooks and tuition.
Various arthropods are acceptable.
Various articles are available in pdf format.
Various artisans are on hand to showcase their wares for purchase.
Various artists have contests with prizes from CDs and t-shirts to concert tickets.
Various arums are also common as are palms, especially moriche palm.
Various aspects affect our daily lives.
Various aspects are measurements, data analysis and interpretation.
Various assemblies are in stock here.
Various assignments stress aesthetic and technical qualities.
Various associations relay the message among their members.
Various associations relay the message amongst their members.
Various assumptions underpin the notion that liberalisation ought to favour agriculture.
Various attitudes are possible towards the problem of drug abuse and they can all be justified.
Various attributions exist, one more interesting than the other.
Various audiences use various technologies.
Various authors differ on the incubation period of lymphocystis.
Various authors discuss historical, technical, and even the psychological aspects of chess skills.
Various authors make various claims, using a variety of premises, definitions, and methods.
Various authors provide chapters on a host of topics.
Various authors share encouraging words and Scripture.
Various authorities agree that . . .
Various authorities attribute it to either Scottish or Irish origin.
Various authorities differ somewhat on exact details.
Various authorities have ownership of individual bridges in the Pittsburgh area.
Various authorities hold only delegated powers, delegated by the people through the Constitution.
Various authorities practice censorship and unacceptable intervention in the press.
Various authorities present in-depth stories on family effectiveness.
Various awards have different application deadlines.
Various awards make other specific provisions for the employment of young people.
Various bacteria live in the nose and mouth.
Most various bacteria convert heat energy.
Some various bacteria cause diseases.
Various bacteria convert energy.
Various bacteria convert heat energy.
Various baits containing metaldehyde are also available.
Various balances have different capabilities, such as removable buckets or clear buckets.
Various bandwidths are available for analogue signals.
Various banks have various systems.
Various bases are available.
Various beads outline the facial features and animal skins and fur top the head.
Various Beats Check out the selection of raw break albums available here.
Various behaviors can affect exactly what selection does.
Various behaviors can disrupt the smooth flow of a message.
Various behaviors occur in response to conspecific and heterospecific competitors.
Various benefits apply to Malta registered trusts.
Various benefits are available at each level.
Various bicyclists comment on the reasons to bicycle as well as share safe cycling and driving tips.
Various binaries are available in the bin subdirectory.
Various biological functions relate to bone metabolism.
Various biological functions relate to metabolism.
Various birds are also effective for controlling bugs.
Various birds use the leaves and twigs as nesting material.
Various birds visit regularly, including swans, terns, cormorants, and snowy egrets.
Various bloodlines are available.
Various books are available describing holiday activity, including walking.
Various books cite different figures, depending upon the manner in which one counts the prophecies.
Various books explain how to make one.
Various bowers display similar ornaments and decorations.
Various brakes are available as options.
Various brands are easily available.
Various brands have different degrees of float, and some models have adjustable float.
Various breeds have different requirements for recipient credentials.
Various breeds hold shows at the sprawling complex.
Various breeders have various preferences, making for a very broad spectrum of different types.
Various brochures are available which describe the program's research activities and personnel.
Various browsers are available for reading Web pages.
Various browsers exist for various machines and operating systems.
Various browsers handle empty cookies differently.
Various browsers handle the new-window command differently.
Various browsers use different methods to identify secure pages.
Various browsers use various commands to copy a file to disk.
Various bug fixes for the client.
Various bug fixes on the file list.
Various bug fixes to avoid crashes related to floating windows.
Various bug fixes with the web sending method.
Various bugs fixes.
Various buses arrive in Wayne County at the local bus station.
Various businesses design, install and service private telecommunications systems.
Various businesses emerge, as well as newspapers.
Various businesses sponsor participants in the program or participants sponsor themselves.
Various bystanders pile in with comments.
Various calculi exist for graded modal logics and all generate vast amounts of case distinctions.
Various cancers can cause malodor.
Various cancers can ulcerate when they outgrow their blood supply.
Various candidates share their experiences.
Various capacities are available and each unit can be fabricated to suit existing processing lines.
Various cars have different characteristics, primarily different top speeds and acceleration rates.
Various cards drop from the pack.
Various careers are possible with a degree in history.
Various carriers handle the question of their insurance liability differently.
Various carriers plan high bandwidth technologies.
Various catalogs differ in resolution, accuracy, and limiting magnitude.
Various catalogues are in preparation.
Various causes exist for winter storms in the United States.
Various causes operate, no doubt, to produce it.
Various CDs are in preparation or about to be published.
Various celebrity collages, Asian celebs, daily pics, chat and erotic celeb stories top it off.
Various cell types perform certain tasks.
Various cell types perform tasks.
Various changes bring language more in line with the Canada Labour Code.
Various chapters contain lists of method numbers and what they are appropriate for.
Various chapters discuss chaos in everyday life, from electronic feedback to cardiac rhythms.
Various chapters have individual projects and programs.
Various chapters offer unique tools and pneumonics as memory aids.
Various characters buy and sell slaves to be used in gladiator contests for profit.
Various characters drink and smoke, while one of the main ones also occasionally smokes pot.
Various characters drink and smoke, while two students briefly get into a fight.
Various characters drink and smoke, with one briefly appearing to use drugs just off-camera.
Various characters drink in several scenes, while some minor violence is present.
Various characters drink while one appears to get somewhat hooked on amphetamines.
Various characters grieve over loved ones who perished in the storm.
Various characters hold their guns on others.
Various characters hunt the great forest spirit, eventually wounding and then decapitating it.
Various characters narrate the tale at different times.
Various characters smoke and drink, while the protagonist and others also use cocaine.
Various characters smoke pot again.
Various charges apply appropriate to activity.
Various charms are tattooed in Bangkok, Burma and Laos.
Various checks are opposed to every legislative proposition.
Various cheeses are sold that have been stab-inoculated with a strain of Penicillium roquefortii.
Various chemicals act as agents to activate genes in a process called gene expression .
Various chemicals are effective in controlling different fungi.
Various chemicals are used to enhance the efficiency of nitrogen-based fertilizers.
Various chemicals can also affect health in both drastic and subtle ways.
Various chemicals can attack fabric or metal and cause corrosion in wet scrubbers.
Various chemicals reverse the process of blood clotting.
Various children marry.
Various choices appear for plotting.
Various church doctrines on communion.
Various churches practice the ordination of women into ecclesiastical ministry.
Various churches provide worship opportunities.
Various circles regard the theory of evolutionhe theory of evolution as ideologically indispensible.
Various circuits are used for parasitic suppression in a good design.
Various circumstances can result in an inability to post to newsgroups.
Various circumstances dictate the most appropriate entity for a particular business.
Various circumstances surrounding baptismal events strongly suggest pouring.
Various citizens continue to hand over the weapons in the police stations.
Various citizens give their opinions about what is happening to their community.
Various classes begin all the time.
Various classes can have different access privileges so the flexibility is great.
Various classes maintain listservs for the duration of the semester.
Various classes use the labs as part of the course experience.
Various classics are classics for a reason.
Various clients require different modes of information access.
Various cloth laminate with foams for shoes, hats, bags etc.
Various cloths including padded backed cloth are available.
Various clubs meet after school, such as mariachi band, art, chess, volleyball and basketball.
Various clubs provide extra information.
Various clubs require patrons pay a cover charge.
Various clubs tap the hidden talents of the students in a range of subjects.
Various clues enable mosquitoes to zero in on people and other animals they seek to bite.
Various clues hint at more accurate datings of the various events.
Various cnidarians attach themselves on the dorsal side of a crab's body.
Various collections cover the evening news, special reports, specific events, etc.
Various collections related to religious missionaries also contain oral histories about Iran.
Various colleges define what specific documentation is required differently.
Various colors are available for aluminum and galvanized steel.
Various colors are available for any occasion.
Various colors are available for copies.
Various colors are available.
Various colors are given to it by a mixture of metallic oxids.
Various colors are helpful to add variations to game.
Various colors do have their individual names.
Various colors represent the four categories.
Various colors require various flash techniques.
Various colorations depend on the koi stock used to cross.
Various colours are possible, both for the background and the lines.
Various combinations are also available.
Various combinations are possible.
Various commands allow clients to retrieve, send and post articles.
Various commands allow clients to retrieve, send, and post articles.
Various commands allow for global, integrated scheduling and an override button is provided.
Various commands are also available along the menu bar at the top of the screen.
Various commands are available.
Various commands require numeric input.
Various comments are on the draft document.
Various committees deal with the details of certain aspects of the Railway.
Various committees fund different agencies.
Various committees meet as necessary.
Various committees meet monthly.
Various committees offer opportunities for public involvement.
Various committees perform the volunteer work necessary to accomplish the goals of the association.
Various committees plan and carry out the events of the week.
Various committees work throughout the year in preparation for the elegant dinner dance.
Various community institutions offer services.
Various companions join forces to steal a ring from a dragon.
Various companies are out to make a pleasant motoring statement to suit Indian lifestyles.
Various companies gather together to give away free samples and discount cards to use in shops etc.
Various companies handle it differently from job shadowing, to mentoring, to coaching.
Various companies have commercial spike sorting products available.
Various companies have such videos available.
Various companies hold various patents for various algorithms in various locations around the world.
Various companies offer guided ascents, but ice gear is required.
Various companies offer hosting capabilities.
Various companies offer hosting services at a wide variety of prices.
Various companies offer packages for independent tours.
Various companies pass one or two phases of the Profit Retriever.
Various companies provide online assessment, with a variety of tools and formats.
Various companies release their demo and beta software first on CNET's sites.
Various companies require their welders to qualify to various registered procedures.
Various companies sell software specifically designed to assist in the creation of HTML documents.
Various companies share their knowledge, technology and experience to beter serve their customers.
Various components are present in the blood of newborns.
Various components operate seamlessly to provide continuous and automated security management.
Some various compounds appear in urine.
Various compressors account for half of sales.
Various computer generated graphs are available.
Various computers provide processing support for computationally intensive research and instruction.
Various concentrations are available within many of the graduate degree programs.
Various concentrations are possible within the Ph.D. program.
Various conditions affect functions.
Various conditions can affect the function of the reproductive tract.
Various conditions can develop from a pituitary tumor.
Various conditions cause dry eyes.
Various conditions require dosage adjustments.
Most various conditions affect functions.
Various conferences are available on quality audio or video tape.
Various configurations are available for the tests, which cover almost all possible needs.
Various configurations are necessary.
Various configurations are possible, depending on the arrangement of the spars.
Various configurations are possible.
Various considerations have to be balanced.
Various considerations limit the historian's ability to study the statue by traditional means.
Various consoles access the database.
Various consultants maintain such data.
Various consumers occupy every other level.
Various containers bake cakes in various forms even from the same ingredients.
Various contests take place throughout the season.
Various contingents arrive throughout the morning into what is becoming a makeshift staging area.
Various contracts involve different levels of producer and processor responsibility.
Various controls can easily combine in unforeseen ways.
Various controllers have differing control mechanisms, and differing resolution support.
Various copyrights apply.
Various countermeasures appear throughout the family of luggage carts.
Various countries accommodate children with special needs in different ways.
Various countries have different customs.
Various countries have subsidy programmes under which new applications of technologies are eligible.
Various countries receive drug donations from foreign countries.
Various couples pair off , attempt to, or almost come to blows.
Various couples plan the fate of the world as they lounge on the grass.
Various courses are also available in the community.
Various courses are available in a more traditional-delivery format.
Various courses are available on a yearly basis.
Various courses concentrate on various elements of the software lifecycle.
Various courses cover general English and English for specific academic purposes.
Various courses have different enrolment requirements.
Various courses require different batteries of achievement and aptitude.
Various courses see venue.
Various crafts stalls with low, bargainable prices.
Various creatures appear, some of which seem to embody racialist stereotypes.
Various creatures live on it.
Various crew members play roles.
Various criteria apply.
Various criteria exist for evaluating the results from wipe and bulk samples.
Various crosses are available as well as different traits.
Various crosses are important honorable ordinaries.
Various crystal glazes.
Various cultivars feature unusual foliar color or texture.
Various cultivars have white or red flowers.
Various cultivars produce flowers of white, pink, red, or purple.
Various cultivars produce pink, blue or white flowers.
Various culture uses childbirth.
Various cultures have different ways of eating and different attitudes toward food.
Various cultures have their own cures.
Various cultures idealize historical figures who serve as an archetype for that society.
Various cultures possess prominent lepidoptera artistic styles.
Various cultures struggling toward the same end is seen as uniting humankind in one glorious search.
Various cultures view oral ability as an important factor for status within the community.
Various cultures view the cause of stuttering differently.
Most various culture uses childbirth.
Various curricula offer certificates, diplomas, and associate degrees.
Various customs exist as to the tying of the knots for tsitsit with tekhelet .
Various cytochromes are also hemoproteins.
Various cytokinins are found in different sources.
Various databases provide full-text articles from periodicals, newspapers, and other resouces.
Various data set products have different shipping rates.
Various data show different types of cancer cells have different radio-sensitivities.
Various deadlines occur during the year.
Various deals are out there and various prices and quality of instructors.
Various deductibles are available.
Various deeds state the land owned by the brothers, touched.
Various definitions are in use for quantification of image resolution.
Various degrees are available to music majors.
Various delphiniums are cultivated as ornamental plants , for traditional and native plant gardens.
Various demands cause numerous distractions from life's simple pleasures.
Various demos are also available.
Various demonstrations run throughout the afternoon.
Various denominations have churches located in the suburban area.
Various departments are able to communicate without going through a dispatch link.
Various departments assess workbooks and lab fees.
Various departments compete for duplicate resources and support staff.
Various departments have internal support arrangements and notification procedures.
Various departments have opportunities for volunteering.
Various departments have widely different needs.
Various departments listed below also publish statistical information.
Various departments offer courses in areas of interest to students of public opinion.
Various departments offer students the opportunity to earn honors in their major programs.
Various departments offer the required classes.
Various departments sponsor travel courses on an occasional basis.
Various depths accommodate almost any size or shape item.
Various designs are available for a wide range of frequency bands.
Various designs are available.
Various developments are in the pipeline.
Various devices are available to assist with the exercises, such as vaginal weights.
Various devices can regulate and control many aspects of the living environment.
Various devices have different power requirements while in sleep mode, depending on what they do.
Various devices powered by line voltages employ transistors and relays as switches.
Some various devices serve purposes.
Some various devices serve same purposes.
Various diagnoses can benefit from aerobic reconditioning and strengthening activities in the pool.
Various disciplines add up to the social science faculty.
Various disciplines bring forth our strengths and weaknesses.
Various disciplines have specific ways to cite or document sources in writing.
Various disciplines use various style of documentation.
Various disclaimers apply, please read our list.
Various disclaimers apply.
Various discounts apply based on volumes purchased.
Various discounts apply for upgrades, cross-grades, and for package deals.
Various discounts apply.
Various discounts are available depending on the term of a project.
Various discounts are available please call for details.
Various discounts are available.
Various diseases affect litter size and whether a sow farrows.
Various diseases are evident in the crops.
Various diseases can also cause the impulses to slow down.
Various diseases damage the kidney and cause faulty urine formation and excretion.
Various diseases require attention.
Various diseases require medical attention.
Most various diseases require attention.
Most various diseases require medical attention.
Various displays have other ways to handling colors.
Various displays recapture the events surrounding Allied efforts to close the Falaise pocket.
Various distances run at conversational pace.
Various distortions keep things from getting too overtly repetitive.
Various distributions are available.
Various DJs play a mix of son, salsa, merengue and Latin pop.
Various documents are available.
Various documents illustrate the salt trade, the history and taxation of salt.
Various documentation is available below.
Various documentation updates all over the place.
Various dogs continue to bark disturbing residents.
Various donors serve on the selection committee and meet monthly to chose the winners.
Various drivers celebrate by spraying champagne.
Various drugs are available both to prevent migraines and to relieve their symptoms.
Various drugs are available.
Various drugs are used to kill the parasites.
Various drugs can produce what is essentially a cholestatic reaction.
Various drugs can promptly reduce the calcium levels.
Various duties are available for volunteers.
Various dyes influence the level of DNA amplification differently.
Various dyes produce different simulation patterns.
Various dynasties struggle for rule.
Various economists agree.
Various ecosystems are present in the region.
Various editors review submissions.
Various efforts are in place to try to stimulate a bit more interest, communication and activity.
Various efforts are underway to assist in generating such spin-off businesses.
Various elevations are available to save one important design time and cost.
Various emphases are obvious.
Various ends are available.
Various enhancements are available for various prices.
Various enterprises can publish their products or services on the website.
Various entertainers perform Wednesdays through Sundays.
Various entities can act as triggers.
Various entities can make nominations.
Various environmental factors influence distribution.
Some various enzymes exhibit antimicrobial activities.
Some various epiphytes obtain nutrients.
Various equipment is a available to support any event.
Various equipment is discussed including choosing and fitting the dog pack.
Various errors are possible.
Various errors can appear on the SEDs.
Various essays give more insight on the subject plus several images of several works.
Various estimates indicate that as many as one out of four personal computers breaks each year.
Various events can occur during reproduction that cause irregularities in eggs.
Various events cause a change of state.
Various events continue throughout the month.
Various events focus on education, support, information, entertainment, etc.
Various events held throughout the academic year are open to everyone.
Various events signal the greater threats to come.
Various events take place in evenings - available for hire for private party.
Various events take place in restaurants, area parks, shopping areas and by the River.
Various events take place in the penitentiary.
Various events take place throughout the school year.
Various events take places.
Most various events take places.
Some various events occur during reproduction.
Various evidence supports the idea that many genes influence sap sweetness.
Various evolutions differ only in initial values of eccentricity.
Various examples indicates economic saturations among consumers in the most wealthy countries.
Various exceptions apply.
Various exercises assist students in refining their communication styles.
Various exercises require a predominance of certain muscle fiber utilization over another.
Various exhibits describe how computer chips are made and used.
Various exhibits focus on the manufacture and use of computer chips.
Various exhibits highlight the union of China and Portugal that Macau symbolizes.
Various exhibitions are available for viewing throughout the year.
Various experiments test a radiative transport theory of scattering in dense suspensions.
Various experts discuss the problem.
Various experts suggest different thresholds for calling an elevated temperature a fever.
Various experts work to shape computerized operating room log.
Various experts work to shape computerized tumor registry.
Various exploits making fixed-frequency monitors work with PC's.
Various extensions are available to build on core functionality.
Various extensions are available to extend core functionality.
Various extensions are available.
Various extensions are possible.
Various extensions can handle such tasks as mailing list subscriptions.
Various facilities are available free of charge to Richmond students outside class time.
Various facilities are available from all the computers.
Various facilities are available providing audio communication over the internet.
Various factions have flags, uniforms, etc. in distinctive color schemes.
Various factors account for the failure to adjust rapidly to the demands of international markets.
Various factors affect and influence the behavior of a child.
Various factors affect child support determinations.
Various factors affect flocculation.
Various factors affect the accuracy of beetle counts.
Various factors affect the air resistance on a falling body.
Various factors affect the comparability of data between countries.
Various factors affect the different life processes of microorganisms.
Various factors affect the fertility rate of a society.
Various factors affect the final amount of assessment.
Various factors affect the production of ozone.
Various factors affect the successful regeneration of redcedar and yellow-cypress.
Various factors appear to be leading people to change faiths.
Various factors are at work in the destruction of the world's forests.
Various factors are considered to decide the purity of clover honey.
Various factors are here operative.
Various factors are involved in determining what type of cell the stem cells develop into.
Various factors can affect the cost of making Web sites accessible.
Various factors can be responsible for the evolution of cannibalism rate.
Various factors can help give rise to and support such a commitment.
Various factors can influence the overall success of tribal programs.
Various factors can limit sexual interest and capacity in men as they age.
Various factors can prevent a deteriorating relationship from ending.
Various factors can restrict population numbers.
Various factors can result in a terminated call.
Various factors can speed up the course of illness, especially alcohol consumption.
Various factors contribute to a county's ability to exceed their retail sales potential.
Various factors contribute to the color that develops in leaves in the fall.
Various factors contribute to the complexity of breast cancer issues.
Various factors contribute to the path loss.
Various factors contribute to the risk of child abuse and neglect of children.
Various factors contribute to the success of the opossum.
Various factors determine the cost.
Various factors determine the number of people who come.
Various factors impinge on decisions made at several stages of the systems.
Various factors including enforcement of the new recycling law are thinkable as the cause.
Various factors influence a person's preferred style.
Various factors influence a studio's decision to campaign for a leading or supporting performance.
Various factors influence copper absorption.
Various factors influence distribution.
Various factors influence electrical conductivity in milk.
Various factors influence the application of nutrients.
Various factors influence the effectiveness of an enzyme.
Various factors influence the growth and yield for different crops in an implicit manner.
Various factors influence the length of time that fuel can be stored.
Various factors influence the level of supplemental biotin required in sow rations.
Various factors influence the microflora of the oral cavity and the gut.
Various factors influence the pain a person feels when injured, sick or recovering from surgery.
Various factors influence the pattern of flows in such a matrix.
Various factors influence the time required to produce a preliminary development proposal.
Various factors influence the transpiration rate.
Various factors inhibit the ability of departments to spend their budgets effectively.
Various factors lead to toxic reactions to local anesthetics.
Various factors make a weak market.
Various factors operate here.
Various factors promote drug use.
Various factors tend to cause sludge to form in an engine.
Some various factors affect dormancy.
Some various factors affect numbers.
Some various factors affect products.
Some various factors affect runoff.
Some various factors alter shape structures.
Some various factors alter structures.
Some various factors have have impact.
Some various factors involve in demographic transitions.
Some various factors involve in transitions.
Some various factors limit growth.
Some various factors limit insect reproduction.
Some various factors limit reproduction.
Various faculty participate each week.
Various fats contain different proportions of saturated and unsaturated fat .
Various features are available.
Various features grow and fade with time, and new areas appear.
Various features make it useful to both professionals and music amateur lovers.
Various fees apply to registration, copies and certified copies of certificates and other documents.
Various fees apply.
Various fees are charged- call for more information.
Various fees are payable to the PTO as part of the patenting process.
Various fellowships are also available.
Various ferns are also common.
Various fertilizers are added to the culture medium to facilitate the growth of plankton.
Various festivals offer colorful days of dancing, entertainment, costumes, crafts, and food.
Various fields are explored, both conceptually and in an applied manner.
Various fields have differing row orientations.
Various fields offer jobs to graduates even in economic recession, alleviating job shortages.
Various files can use or require stream-LF file structure.
Various films respond differently, as well.
Various filters are attached already, others are available.
Various filters are probably the most common devices used.
Various filters can remove dust, pollen, odors and other airborne offenders.
Various filters deliver the water to a four foot water fall.
Various filters exist to help.
Various finishes enhance the look and feel of micro-fibers.
Various finishes take the place of smooth metals and add that extra-special touch of luxury.
Various firms analyze the financial stability of both corporate and government bond issuers.
Various fish round out the category.
Various fittings provide needed suspension and insulation.
Various flavors are available for other animals.
Various flavors are available.
Various flavors have different effects.
Various flower plants have cotyledons.
Various fluids affect the kidney in different ways.
Various flies are available in limited quantities.
Various folks pass into the section and pick up the publications that catch their eye.
Various folks send email about problems and links which also get added.
Various food is prepared throughout the week.
Various foods are prepared and eaten because of their symbolic significances.
Various foods are the triggers, anything salty or sweet and fatty.
Various foods can also trigger attacks.
Various forecasts are prepared for use by the public, aviation and shipping communities.
Various forms are available.
Various forms are in use.
Various forms are now available.
Various forms guide the reader into the text, which explains how to fill out the forms.
Various forms request names, addresses etc.
Various forms required by each state are available at the Registration Desk.
Various formats are available.
Various formats feature different mixes.
Various formats feature different remixes.
Various formats offer varying quality of display or printing options.
Various formulas calculate appropriate panel size and profile.
Various formulations appear in the literature.
Various formulations are available, and product rates for use in the planting year are provided.
Various forums are full of similar complaints, but no solutions are on offer.
Various fractions are more important at different times of year .
Various frequencies are available for a wide range of applications.
Various function codewords for control purposes.
Various functions relate to bone metabolism.
Various functions relate to metabolism.
Most various functions relate to bone metabolism.
Most various functions relate to metabolism.
Various fund raising events and public, corporate and private donations raise the money.
Various funds cover the cost for operation of processing equipment, transportation and work fees.
Various fungi cause decay.
Various furnishings represent life of the time.
Various gadgets connect the blades to the pilot's hands.
Various galleries focus on different aspects of the game.
Various galleries take visitors through the gamut of earth's natural resources.
Various games are available and feature many themes.
Various gases exist in outer space .
Various gases exist in outer space.
Various gauges are also acceptable.
Various genre incorporates specific critical attributes.
Various genres are explored, including realistic fiction, biography, mystery and non-fiction.
Various gestures are automatic and vary from culture to culture.
Various gods demythologized are merely the symbols of the full realization of human potentialities.
Various gold rushes attracted settlers, as did the mining of other minerals.
Various government reports on population to be acquired and scrutinized.
Various governments deem evangelism illegal.
Various grades are available in the species listed below.
Various grades are available.
Various grains contain gluten proteins.
Various grains produce food for the wildlife.
Various grammar exercises in a whole-text deletion format.
Various grants are available on both the graduate and undergraduate levels.
Various graphs are available.
Various group runs available to runners of all ages and abilities.
Various groups coming from different countries sing hymns in adoration.
Various groups continue to look after it.
Various groups define success differently.
Various groups go after a diary with explosive information.
Various groups have floats or special entries.
Various groups have many different views on the subject, as do many parents.
Various groups meet around the world.
Various groups meet during the week catering for all ages - adults, teenagers and children.
Various groups meet during the week for discussion, support and fellowship.
Various groups meet weekly throughout the city of Tucson.
Various groups offer hiking trips throughout the year.
Various groups offer the support of men and women who have experienced abuse.
Various groups portray panthers, jackals, cats, lions, wild boars and camels.
Various groups report accessible pedestrian signals in their communities.
Various groups use American weapons.
Various groups use different definitions to identify orphans.
Various groups use it as an electronic support group.
Various groups use the Web to disseminate information or conduct business.
Various guarantees create zones of privacy.
Various guides are available for the asking.
Various guilds preserve the standards of production.
Various habitats have vegetation.
Various habitats have woody vegetation.
Various habitats support many kinds of birds.
Most various habitats have vegetation.
Most various habitats have woody vegetation.
Various handicrafts are also available for purchase.
Various handouts provide basic interviewing information.
Various harbors offer different sorts of protection, supplies, and services.
Various hawks visit periodically.
Various hazards are present at work, home, and during recreation.
Various hazards require different equipment.
Various headlines state a specific artist official website or media publication as a source.
Various headlines state a specific media publication or program as a source.
Various help screens avail.
Various herbicides are also available in liquid and granular formulations.
Various heuristics are well known for looking ahead in games of skill.
Various hoaxers make geometric models by trampling plants.
Various holes connect to the sea outside.
Various hormones control hair growth.
Various hormones have various roles.
Various hormones stimulate hair follicles from different areas.
Various horse shows.
Various hospitals operate shuttles for their patients, staff and parking lot patrons.
Various hosts have other special conditions on traffic.
Various humidity is obtained like the following, when it is done.
Various hybrids perform differently in different parts of Alabama.
Various hypotheses exist about the fish's ability to live within the anemone without being harmed.
Various hypotheses regard spines as possible loci for synaptic plasticity.
Various icons are available throughout the text to facilitate the navigation of the Full text.
Various icons are available to facilitate the navigation of the Full Citation.
Various icons are available to facilitate the navigation of the Full record.
Various icons are available to facilitate the navigation of the Full text.
Various icons lead the observer around a tasteful display of all the gory aspects of the crime.
Various impairments exist due to the use of digital codecs.
Various improvements make setting up mappings easier.
Various incidents help define the characters, all of whom turn out disappointingly stereotypical.
Various indexes accompany the set.
Various indexes are available in book form and on CD-ROM, but are quite inaccurate and incomplete.
Various indexes are available that divide the pensions by veteran, widow, county, and military unit.
Various indexes complete the volume.
Various indexes provide access to the entries.
Various indexes round out the volume.
Various indices are available to locate maps.
Various indices complete the volume.
Various indices describe the degree of continentality.
Various indicators are available.
Various indicators point to a material slowdown of growth in the fourth quarter.
Various indicators reveal that the status of women is much lower than that of men.
Various indicators show that drug use is on the increase.
Various indicators underscore the region's progress in knowledge creation.
Various individuals offer classes, for which parents and students sign up.
Various individuals own the materials and hold the copyrights.
Various industries border the site as well.
Various industries generate steam and electricity for subsequent use within their facilities.
Various industries have their original models designed and produced here.
Various industries use both aerial and satellite imagery, depending on the situation.
Various industries use it as a binding agent, because it is an inexpensive source of starch.
Various industries use simulation.
Most various industries use simulation.
Various infections can also be causes of vulvodynia.
Various infections can also involve the pinna.
Various infections can lead to similar symptoms.
Various information goes here.
Various information is about to be sent quickly.
Various information is abundant, too.
Various information is also in the process of being indexed on computer.
Various information is displayed depending on which options are selected.
Various information is inserted, and download of the software is acceptable.
Various information is shown in the top part of the display.
Various information supplied by Melody's Love is in the Earth and the Crystalline Communion .
Various informations are available about the movies, as well as reviews.
Various ingredients enhance one another producing better reactions or results.
Various initiatives are underway, and a survey of progress has been completed.
Various initiatives confirm the value of teens making art with accomplished artists.
Various insects attack the crop.
Various insects can cause yellowing foliage.
Various insects can damage leaves, otherwise relatively free.
Various insects consume specific crops while weeds compete with crops for space, sunlight and water.
Various insects eat plants.
Various insects encroaching onto the special needs bus can cause allergic reactions.
Various insects occur sporadically in fecal pellet analysis.
Various insects pollinate the erect flowers, and bats eventually disperse the seeds.
Most various insects eat plants.
Various insecticides are effective, if needed.
Various institutions are on mountains.
Various institutions are very important to encouraging volunteerism.
Various institutions have a role to play, including the media.
Various institutions have procedures for expedited proceedings.
Various institutions offer services.
Various institutions offer such a product.
Most various institutions offer services.
Various instructions walk the users through establishing and submitting their registration.
Various instructors assign different weights to factors used in determining grades.
Various instructors teach there.
Various instrument are available today.
Various instruments are used to measure length.
Various instruments use holes in the vibrating air column to shorten and lengthen the air column.
Various insults make ion channels stay open, which can cause a cell to swell up and die.
Various invertebrates attach to drift kelp, including nudibranchs and barnacles.
Various islands have WWII artifacts above and below their lagoon waters.
Various islands host various combinations of puffins, murres, and auklets.
Various issues are .
Various issues are under consideration.
Various issues arise here.
Various issues come into play here.
Various issues continue to be monitored.
Various issues contribute to problems.
Various Issues Learn how to begin accepting credit cards .
Various issues remain of concern.
Most various issues contribute to problems.
Various items are available and are marked with point values to indicate the cost of the item.
Various items are available for sale, including postcards, stationary and books.
Various items are deductible from income if specifically authorized by statute.
Various jobs are available to qualified candidates throughout our manufacturing operations.
Various jobs are avilable.
Various jobs process the information into the appropriate modules.
Various joints are available here as well as at the knee and the ankle.
Various joints become red, hot, and swollen under the onslaught.
Various joints present various challenges to surgeons.
Various judges watch the swimmer's strokes, turns and finishes or are timers.
Various jumps are also ready.
Various keyboards are available if required.
Various kinds are available at pharmacies or at some department stores.
Various knife stacking features are available.
Various lands held by the hospital have no buildings.
Various lane changes on slips only at night.
Various languages are available.
Various languages are spoken in the Americas.
Various laws require employers to display several posters at the workplace.
Various laws require employers to provide adequate security.
Various leaders mention specific strategies for maintaining a healthy soul.
Various leaders provide direction for discussion and learning experiences.
Various leagues have opportunities to set up their own programs and some do regularly.
Various lectins are both cytotoxic and immunostimulatory.
Various legends surround the mandrake.
Various legislation covers the appointment of a tribunal expert.
Various lenders have their own lists of approved appraisers.
Various lenders offer special mortgages that require specific criteria for qualification.
Various lengths are available and it depends on the cabinet layout to which lengths are bought.
Various lengths are available.
Various letters contain accounts of war news, especially pertaining to friends and acquaintances.
Various levels are available over time.
Various levels are available, with the option to play against the computer or a friend.
Various levels are available.
Some various levels depend upon characters.
Various libraries are in the standard locations.
Various libraries support our personnel in research and completion of their work.
Various libraries support out personnel in research and completion their work.
Various licenses are available for different investment products.
Various licensees provide the most compact or lowest power implementations.
Various lifestyles are avail- able in the wetland.
Various limits are available.
Various limitations apply to the carryforward of losses.
Various limitations exist on the contractor or subcontractor regarding ownership rights.
Various links lead to speakers, campaigns, tours and art galleries related to inner city art.
Various links take the reader to other topics and other sites for further information.
Various listings exist for individual collections.
Various literature is available through the resource library.
Various liturgies do tend to take on their own personalities over time.
Various livestock is raised to produce beef, pork, poultry, and dairy products.
Various loans are also available to assist students with educational costs.
Various loans are also available.
Various locations have their advantages and disadvantages.
Various locations offer discounts when paying by card too.
Various Locations See their web site.
Some various locations provide shelter.
Various lots have different rules and time requirements.
Various lubricants are available from hobby shops.
Various lubricants are employed as hydraulic fluids in fluid transmission devices.
Various malcontents wander the wasteland, most of whom are dangerous, crazy, or both.
Various mammals are naturally infected reservoirs of the organisms.
Various mammals find foliage.
Most various mammals find foliage.
Some various mammals dig burrows.
Some various mammals have wings.
Some various mammals use burrows.
Various men drink at a gay club.
Various men drink at a social gathering again.
Various men drink at a social gathering.
Various men drink beer.
Various management reports for interested parties.
Various mandalas can symbolize different spiritual approaches.
Various manifolds are available to suit application requirements.
Various manufacturers employ numerous proprietary nuances in their construction.
Various manufacturers offer liquid cleaner injection accessories.
Various manufacturers offer specialized instruments used for operating on the larynx.
Various manufacturers offer VGA cards with composite output.
Various manufacturers offer windows with single, double, triple, or quadruple glazing.
Various manufacturers point to recovery in Asia as a positive factor in their outlook.
Various maps affect coloration, length, sparcity, etc.
Various materials affect conduction.
Various materials are available for the harsh waterfront conditions.
Various materials are available for the parts in contact with the product.
Various materials are available including leather and neoprene.
Various materials are suitable for pillow coverings, such as velvet, silk, or chintz.
Various materials are suitable.
Various materials have advantages and disadvantages.
Various materials help the child to internalise the concept of one to ten.
Various materials including aluminum-bronze construction for salt water applications are available.
Various materials involved pose several challenges including adhesion.
Various materials seem to have been employed by the potter.
Most various materials affect conduction.
Some various materials cause damage.
Some various materials conduct electricity.
Some various materials contain copper.
Various means exist to verify identity, including fingerprints, iris and voice patterns.
Various measures can mitigate the environmental impact of transport activities.
Various measurements are underway, including mapping the response of a small absorber in the beam.
Various mechanisms appear to be involved in the adsorption processes.
Various mechanisms cause resonances in objects subjected to electromagnetic fields.
Various mechanisms drive how in Cretaceous units in the area.
Various mechanisms exist to provide for computer security.
Various mechanisms play a role, including the alteration of normal gut flora.
Various medical issues contribute to problems.
Various medications are available depending upon the type and severity of disease.
Various medications are available for the prevention, as well as treatment, of osteoporosis.
Various medications are available for the prevention, as well astreatment, of osteoporosis.
Various medications are available to decrease vomiting.
Various medications can affect thyroxine levels.
Various medications can also contribute to the problem of impotence.
Various medications can cause stomach ulcers or inflammations.
Various medications can influence metabolism and appetite.
Various medications cause temporary hair loss.
Various medications have different potential interactions.
Various medications have numerous possible side effects.
Various medicines are effective in the treatment of bipolar disorder.
Various medicines can help relieve an isolated bout of sinusitis.
Various media are available for the child to explore.
Various media are available to the student .
Various media can eliminate staining, objectionable tastes and odors.
Various media have their own needs and quirks, and many structures are available.
Various members are agricultural weeds, especially in areas with salty soils.
Various members bring cameras to help with documentation.
Various members continue to ply their trades in other great Sacramento punk bands.
Various members contribute to in-service training programs throughout the community.
Various members create and teach classes on a wide range of topics in an effort to share knowledge.
Various members own large telescopes, some of which they've built themselves from scratch.
Various members participate in Masters swim meets held throughout the province.
Various members play on several tracks.
Various members present a brief background on the author and a summary of reviews.
Various memberships are available.
Various menus are available, but reservations are necessary.
Various messages follow while the '.dvi' file is processed and printed.
Various metals are mixed with gold to produce stronger jewelry and different colors.
Various meters track usage of effluent on in-house processes.
Various methods are available for checking field sheets.
Various methods are available for detection of betalactamase activity.
Various methods are available for estimating titles from a shelflist.
Various methods are available for in-situ evaluation of geotechnical properties.
Various methods are available for safeguarding the point of operation on press brakes.
Various methods are available for the relief of childbirth pain.
Various methods are available to adjust for proper pinion angle.
Various methods are available to cut simple and complex grooves with optimum tool motion.
Various methods are available to randomize the quadrat placement.
Various methods are employed.
Various methods are feasible for cleaning chromatographic media.
Various methods are in development for the wireless delivery of broadband Internet service.
Various methods are in place to reinforce positive or desired behaviors.
Various methods are possible.
Various methods call for different sources and different surface structures for the panel.
Various methods can reduce challenging behavior.
Various methods exist for denoting the molecular configuration of optical isomers.
Various methods exist for sampling the zooplankton of a lake or pond.
Various methods including art, poetry, theatre arts, oral presentations are acceptable.
Various methods lead to discoveries.
Various methods use in attempts.
Most various methods lead to discoveries.
Most various methods use in attempts.
Some various methods use for detection.
Various methodologies exist for constructing housing-cost indexes.
Various microbes are responsible, favored by cool temperatures, all pH's.
Various microbes can provide nutritional requirements to insects.
Various microorganisms convert energy.
Various microorganisms differ greatly in their temperature requirements for growth.
Various mileage is run.
Various milestones provide continuous feedback and guidance to students and their advisers.
Various militaries use depleted uranium as high-density penetrators.
Various militias control various ministries, and they use it as their fiefdoms.
Various minerals contain magnesium compounds.
Various minerals dissolve in water.
Various minerals have properties.
Most various minerals dissolve in water.
Most various minerals have properties.
Various ministries continue to undertake restrictive, secretive industrial plans.
Various minors are available, each requiring five courses.
Various miscellany occupies the door pockets and glove compartment.
Various missionaries are on hand to make the hospitality and learning experiences memorable.
Various mites cause skin problems such as mange .
Various mixtures are available upon request and are based on the specific applications intended.
Various modalities connect the room to the outside world.
Various mode switches inside the image inform the viewer program which of the sub-formats to decode.
Various models are available and they are all in good condition.
Various models are available based on the type of gear to inspect and cycle time needed.
Various models are available each having numerous widths for most machines.
Various models are available from electrical equipment and component stockists.
Various models are available in each design.
Various models are available in single section and multi section.
Various models are available that mount on the roof, wall or window.
Various models are available to fit specific applications.
Various models are available, some are stand alone units, others interface with a computer.
Various models are available.
Various models are currently under discussion.
Various models are on display for viewing.
Various models are possible.
Various models complement each other to provide a picture of the human disease.
Various models exist.
Various models have undesirable characteristics.
Various models simulate climate in different way in certain regions.
Various models use external microphone.
Various modifications exist.
Various modifiers are available to manipulate the selected words.
Various molecules make up the organelles within a cell.
Various mollusks create pearls .
Various monitors come with different phosphors in the picture tube which are used to display color.
Various monographs provide good coverage of individual organ systems.
Various monsters give kudos.
Various monuments dedicated to the prisoners are on display around the camp.
Various motives underlay the action of the settlers.
Various motors offer high performance, high resolution, high torque, and resonance free operation.
Various mice can operate at different speeds.
Various muscles connect the arytenoids to one another and to the cricoid cartilage.
Various myths mention the ball game, sometimes as a contest between day and night deities.
Various myths underlie the concept of retirement.
Various nations contribute to the force's multinational command staff on a yearly rotating basis.
Various nationalities have their own typical drinks and food.
Various native american culture uses childbirth.
Various nature trails on the property lead to streams, waterfalls, and wildflower coves.
Various neurochemicals have different effects on neurons.
Various newsletters are available in HTML format for online browsing.
Various newspapers are also available on microfilm.
Various nooks provide seating throughout the yard and garden.
Various nozzles are available for any type of tower.
Various nozzles are available for spray, pour, and caulking applications.
Various numbers indicating several prior numbering schemes appear in the volumes.
Various nurseries specialize in chipotle peppers, cut flowers, and clematis vines.
Various nutrients have different specialist functions.
Various objects are available for microscopic exploration.
Various objects fall off the roof.
Various objects made of iron remain, the remains of the looms and other machines.
Various objects reflect various amounts and wavelengths of infrared light.
Various occupations require one to do the same task every day and then go to the gym and train.
Various odors stimulate the smell organ.
Various offences exist in connection with trespassory assemblies.
Various offers are available, and group discounts can be arranged.
Various oils have different properties.
Various ones teach basic waterskiing, slalom, trick, kneeboarding, wakeboarding, jump, and more.
Various operations can reduce or correct nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism.
Various opinions abound in the Beat community.
Various opportunities are available to support hospital service lines and departments.
Various opportunities exist at any given time.
Various opportunities exist at the refuge for volunteers to gain valuable and rewarding experience.
Various opportunities exist for a dually-trained primary care doc to treat both adults and children.
Various opportunities exist for excellent research projects.
Various opportunities exist for geology majors to develop leadership skills and receive stipends.
Various opportunities exist on our campus for meeting and sharing information.
Various opportunities exist to volunteer with a great group of individuals.
Various optimizations are necessary.
Various options are also available.
Various options are available as well.
Various options are available at different prices.
Various options are available both before and during a fight.
Various options are available for graphic post-processing of results.
Various options are available for linking to other pages for creating a navigational system.
Various options are available for viewing.
Various options are available including a polarization filter for measuring wet film.
Various options are available including -success command .
Various options are available on the main search screen.
Various options are available to customise the processing.
Various options are available to deal with the pain-from drugs to surgery.
Various options are available to describe the structure of each record.
Various options are available to implement audio and data on the same disc.
Various options are available to improve speed and to run macros during the simulation.
Various options are available to manipulate the data and to display the results graphically.
Various options are available to students depending on their areas of interest and specialization.
Various options are available to students interested in film studies.
Various options are available when considering length of stay and payment for services.
Various options are available when linking drawings, such as sorting by layer, by color, and so on.
Various options are available within many of the majors.
Various options are available, depending on the original source.
Various options are available, including attendance for the weekend only, and for the full days.
Various options are available, including lead connection features and protective encapsulation.
Various options are available, of more or less sophistication.
Various options are available, some imported and some made locally.
Various options are available.
Various options are avaliable.
Various options are open to ensuring service and support for the Swiss assault rifle.
Various options are possible, but also some limitations are imposed - see the help page .
Various options await students seeking to gain the experience needed in their professions.
Various options come in foam, film, jelly, cream and suppositories.
Various options determine how the Spectrum is computed and displayed.
Various options exist for plotting and examining cluster and rating information.
Various options exist in identifying delivery mechanisms.
Various options includes automatic transmission and cellular phone.
Various options modify the format of the output tape.
Various options optimize the content for each choice.
Various options pop up on the screen to help or hinder the dealer.
Various options prevent outgoing calls from being completed.
Various options ranging fro .co.in, .firm.in, .gen.in, etc are available.
Various options select the format of plotting.
Various options select the format of the plot.
Various orchid potting materials possess different acidification rates.
Various ores color the rocks.
Various organs respond to specific stimuli.
Various organs respond to stimuli.
Most various organs respond to specific stimuli.
Most various organs respond to stimuli.
Various organisations employ veterinarians in their research and development departments also.
Various organisations provide job bourses.
Various organisms play essential roles.
Various organisms play roles.
Various organisms recycle dead organisms, fallen branches and leaves, or other organic material.
Various organisms reproduce either sexually or asexually.
Most various organisms play essential roles.
Most various organisms play roles.
Some various organisms cause deterioration.
Some various organisms contain chlorophyll pigment.
Some various organisms contain chlorophyll.
Some various organisms contain pigment.
Some various organisms live in habitats.
Various organization is state funded.
Various organizations are ready to respond.
Various organizations emphasize reporting on religious freedom issues.
Various organizations expect that number to double or triple within the next year.
Various organizations grant permissions for certain works.
Various organizations have forms to fill out on how to take and submit data.
Various organizations have information on community issues.
Various organizations offer education programs with some also providing overnight accommodations.
Various organizations offer electronic access to op-ed material.
Various organizations offer nonlethal beaver control.
Various organizations offer scholarships and loans to their membership.
Various organizations offer tax assistance for elderly or low-income taxpayers.
Various organizations participate in South Carolina's recruitment efforts.
Various organizations provide food stands and booths.
Various organizations publish lists of endangered species to improve public awareness.
Various organizations recruit underclassmen as well as seniors.
Various organizations support effort.
Various organizations support hunger relief effort.
Various organizations support local hunger relief effort.
Various organizations tend to monopolize, manipulate or control the people.
Various organizations work with homosexuals who desire to turn away from the homosexual lifestyle.
Most various organizations support hunger relief effort.
Most various organizations support local hunger relief effort.
Various ornaments crafted from seashells are also popular.
Various outlets offer equipment and kayaking excursions.
Various packages are avaible to choose from.
Various packages are available at reasonable prices.
Various packages are available for monitoring functionality.
Various packages are available that include, auctions, online stores, and catalog sales.
Various packages are available through the tour operators.
Various packages are available, priced to fit any budget.
Various packages are available, some include airfare from Miami.
Various packages are available.
Various packages are still available.
Various packages fail to install, including 'exim' and 'at'.
Various packages vary according to features and functions.
Various pages are conducive to worship - areas of music, devotions, Christian reading, prayer.
Various pairs head off into the woods.
Various pamphlets are available at our office, or through our president.
Various pans have different capacities.
Various papers re appointments.
Various parameters are adjustable within the algorithm.
Various parameters are available for viewing and editing.
Various parameters play a key role in successful nitrification.
Some various parameters contribute to expansion.
Some various parameters contribute to range expansion.
Various parts are under construction, but there is still a lot of information available here.
Various participants are available for interviews either that day or in the days prior to the event.
Various participants work actively on it in their own countries.
Various parties defend their positions and attempt to attract others to their position.
Various parties relate to the precautionary principle with various understandings, claims and hopes.
Various parties require acknowledgement for the photo material.
Various passes are available, as well as general admission for very reasonable fees.
Various passes are available.
Various passes are valid from seven days to six months.
Various patents exist for saffron in combination with other agents.
Various patterns are found.
Various patterns exist for the coexistence of sexual and asexual species.
Various people approach the subject of appeals differently.
Various people attempt to communicate with the inhabitants of the mansion.
Various people bear responsibility in varying degrees.
Various people can imagine the tales quite differently.
Various people claim to be able to feel the energy field around other humans.
Various people drink at a performance.
Various people drink in a bar.
Various people drink in the above club again.
Various people drink in various scenes.
Various people drink.
Various people guess at various reasons.
Various people have different ideas of when the zero year is.
Various people have drinks at a fundraiser, wine with dinner, and then after dinner drinks.
Various people have drinks in a club.
Various people have drinks in a restaurant.
Various people have tattoos.
Various people have wine at a birthday party.
Various people have wine at a holiday dinner.
Various people have wine or champagne with dinner.
Various people hold prizes, large grants or are involved in large networks.
Various people look down on Maya and the other janitorial workers.
Various people participate in drive-by shootings in two separate scenes.
Various people seem to be writing their own class libraries.
Various people seem to like it.
Various people sing, dance, and play traditional games.
Various people smoke cigarettes while a few smoke cigars.
Various people smoke in the backgrounds of shots.
Various people speak about being Jewish as well as facing prejudice.
Various people use different approaches in training new boars.
Various people view it differently.
Various peoples make shelters for such incipient altars or developed altars.
Various perennials provide both color and interest.
Various permeabilities are available.
Various pests prey on antiquities and collectibles.
Various pets talk about how they spend their day.
Various pharmacopeias give specifications for analgesic mixtures containing phenacetin.
Some various phases relate to cost.
Some various phases relate to system life cycle cost.
Various phenomena yield the same reaction, as was explained.
Some various philosophers work in ontologies.
Various photos courtesy A Fans View , Perfect Memories , and others.
Various pictures are here .
Various pictures show slightly different coloring owing to colour changes when they reproduce.
Various pipes extend up through the floor, around the ceilings and off into unknown places.
Various pixels can be completely dead or has an optical response which deviates from the mean value.
Various placements are available based on candidates' interest and skills.
Various plans are available such as daily, weekly, bi-monthly, and monthly.
Various plans are available, but each involves some cost either to the environrnent or the economy.
Various plans are available.
Various plans exist for commercial customers including larger cans and more frequent pickup service.
Various plans exist that can help in supplementing retirement income and achieving other goals.
Various plans offers in relation to hosting services or standalone.
Various plants carry out ecotoxicological assessments of wastewater.
Various plants have different amounts of essential oil with various properties.
Various plants have differing water requirements.
Various plastics have different flow and thermal properties and solidify at different rates.
Various plates n.d.- oil paintings, printed ill.
Various points are noteworthy.
Various points re.
Various policies apply to what is an acceptable jetty in different locations and circumstances.
Various policies are available upon request.
Various politicians use the phrase all the time.
Various pollutants can interact with one another, forming more hazardous pollutants.
Various polygons flash across the screen.
Various positions are available - indoors and out.
Various positions are available in all of our offices across Canada.
Various positions are available in China.
Various positions are available within professional, clinical, and semi-skilled disciplines.
Various positions are available, and a strong training program is provided for new hires.
Various positions are available, both full time and seasonal.
Various positions are available.
Various positions become available at different times of the year.
Various possibilities exist.
Various posts are available in the broad area specified above.
Various postures serve as visual signals.
Various pots facilitate the transport of the stones from site to site.
Various practices can improve livestock husbandry.
Various practices enhance surface water quality by controlling erosion.
Various practitioners feel it is appropriate to affect the necessary level of change.
Various preparations are available at pharmacies and health food stores.
Various preparations are on the market promising to prevent odor, but they do so at a high price.
Various presentations are available online for viewing.
Various presentations are available.
Various presidents react variously to the whole hundred days deal.
Various press reports on individual companies, technologies, and trends.
Various prey are wild sheep, goats, deer, marmots and hare.
Various price ranges for various budgets.
Various prices apply depending upon lodging and meals.
Various primitives produce extended integer results if the argument is extended.
Various prints are available.
Various privacy FAQs .
Various problems afflict projected multimedia presentations.
Various problems are in place on campuses.
Various problems arise.
Various problems can affect the baby's hip as it develops.
Various problems can surface in trying to find source data.
Various problems develop in settings where asymmetric information is prevalent.
Various procedures are available to enforce court orders.
Various procedures exists to estimate visual acuity.
Various processes accomplish that.
Various processes are available to strengthen information security in the banks.
Various processes are involved in the development of sex differences in humans .
Various processes can produce various effects.
Various processes can provide various effects.
Various processes react to outside stimuli and internal interprocess communication.
Various products are always on sale.
Various products are available.
Various products are in the development stages at the moment.
Various products can bleach or lighten darkened teeth.
Various products claim to be superior at utilizing fat and reducing inches.
Various products featured include detox drinks, urine additives, and drug test kits.
Various products provide various levels of cookie protection.
Various professions are well represented in Salem.
Various professions employ linguistic principles and insights.
Various professor quotes someone collected.
Various professors are successful in preventing further bloodshed.
Various professors have different things they are looking for.
Various programs allow visitors to experience specimens and artifacts in a variety of ways.
Various programs are available for download there.
Various programs are available for veterans, reservists, and their dependents.
Various programs are available from pre-employment screening to random testing on current employees.
Various programs are available from selective tax credits to marketing.
Various programs are available on a part-time basis.
Various programs are available to cover baggage loss or theft, medical and travel delay.
Various programs are available to eligible veterans of the military and their dependents.
Various programs are available, including racing clinics, snowboarding and Telemark ski lessons.
Various programs are in place to assist any student with financial needs.
Various programs are in use for digital design modeling and image manipulation.
Various programs assist low-income families meet their most basic needs.
Various programs compensate local governments for the tax exempt status of federal lands.
Various programs covering all content areas are available to enhance and refine skills of students.
Various programs enlarge, magnify, or alter information on screen so it's more readable.
Various programs faciliate the recomposition.
Various programs flip bits.
Various programs have other qualifications including language at a certain level.
Various programs help the committee promote the arts in Amarillo and surrounding areas.
Various programs offer credit at the graduate level.
Various programs offer employers assistance with job training and recruitment.
Various programs offer outreach services to Southern Monterey County.
Various programs pay farmers to turn cropland into wildlife habitat, forest and wetlands.
Various programs require specialized testing or appropriate certification prior to admission.
Various programs serve children with mental retardation.
Various programs serve infants, children and adults who are developmentally disabled.
Various programmes are at the student's-disposal.
Various programmes try to lower the barriers simultaneously in some steps.
Various programmers interpret the genre.
Various programmers provide their scripts FREE to non-profit organizations.
Various projects are already up and running.
Various projects are available each semester on a wide range of topics.
Various projects are in preparation, respectively under consideration.
Various projects are ongoing.
Various projects are possible within each theme.
Various projects examining the dimensionality of multiple personality inventories are also underway.
Various projects exist according to the needs of local hospitals.
Various projects require metric reporting.
Various props continue being tested for the best overall performance in both climb and airspeed.
Various proposals can provide the answer for monitoring.
Various proteins are provide nonspecific defenses.
Various proteins play a number of vital tasks and are responsible for all of a cell's functions.
Various protocols exist regarding the rate for increasing the dose and the maximum dose.
Various providers permit the creation of free discussion groups.
Various provisions appear to subserve the power to acquire educational facilities.
Various publications are also available at a cost and the list is constantly being extended.
Various publications are available and are free of charge.
Various publications are available for sale to help researchers of local families.
Various publications are available.
Various publications cover local, state and national issues and concerns.
Various publications provide information and insights as new laws appear.
Various publications related to school life contribute valuably to the records.
Various publishers provide repair information.
Various publishers take different philosophies in their stand setups.
Various purifiers can also kill harmful organisms if properly installed.
Various questions come immediately to mind.
Various questions have different degrees of difficulty.
Various rallies take place throughout the year.
Various ratios can provide a guidance on efficiency.
Various rationales are advanced for a lawyer s obligation to provide pro bono services.
Various reactions continue at a rapid rate, all contributing to the healing process.
Various readers form a kind of union, and then appear en masse on certain nights.
Various readings lead to discussions and oral presentations.
Various reasons contribute to the reduced software and manpower costs.
Various reasons show that the natural equivalence relation for asymptotic homomorphisms is homotopy.
Various recipes call for a large variety of additives to increase durability.
Various records relating to the employment of executive heads of state agencies are now public.
Various references are available upon request.
Various refinements enhance the driver's and passenger's comfort and convenience.
Various regions carry different laws and regulations on liquor stores .
Various regions carry different laws and regulations on liquor stores.
Various regions exhibit an enormous range of densities and temperatures.
Various regions have characteristic industrial ecologies.
Various regions publish online newsletters.
Various regulations are in effect to control usage.
Various regulations necessitate fixed-asset controls.
Various relations hold or fail to hold between objects.
Various religions divide the commandments differently.
Various religions exert different influence on different ethnic groups.
Various religions exert different influence on different group.
Various religions have rules governing the killing of animals for food.
Various religions publish their scriptures, and religious books and journals.
Various religions view salvation and sin differently, too.
Various reports deliver summary data to the right user at the right time.
Various reports presenting information in tabular and graphic formats are available on request.
Various reports presenting information in tabular and graphic formats are available.
Various reports reveal that FMS sufferers have low magnesium levels.
Various reports suggest lice can survive total submersion for many hours at a time.
Various reptiles eat bullfrogs.
Most various reptiles eat bullfrogs.
Various researchers argue that frames had been cut out for some conspiratorial motive.
Various researchers indicate humor is the seventh sense necessary for effective school leadership.
Various researchers use different strategies to determine the color centers.
Various researchers use different strategies.
Various researchers use strategies.
Most various researchers use different strategies.
Most various researchers use strategies.
Various resistance ranges and wattages are available.
Various resources are available for faculty who wish to diversify course content.
Various resources are available on campus for English majors.
Various resources are available to the new church from the cooperative partnership.
Various resources are available.
Various resources exist for more information and contract forms.
Various resources provide overviews, trends, ratios, market share, and current news.
Various restaurants are available.
Various restaurants are within walking and driving distance.
Various restaurants are within walking distance of the hotel.
Various restaurants are within walking distance of the medical school and in nearby communities.
Various restaurants are within walking distance.
Various restaurants describe and prepare foods differently.
Various restaurants donate edibles to help keep up the energy, and a good time is had by all.
Various restaurants line the beachfront, and all are excellent.
Various restaurants surround the area.
Various restrictions apply at different locations.
Various restrictions apply to ownership of TV and radio licences, and TV licences and newspapers.
Various restrictions apply.
Various restrictions limit U.S. access to the Canadian market for publications.
Various results are possible.
Various reviews are also available.
Various riders give their views on a number of topics.
Various rims are avbailable.
Various roads continue to be blockaded.
Some various rodents eat locusts.
Various role plays and exercises, depending on length of workshop.
Various roles are useful in effective group-learning.
Various rooms are available for exchange students.
Various rooms are available for sit-down serve or buffet dinners, receptions or refreshments.
Various rooms are in the library including a children s room and a multipurpose room.
Various rooms cluster around the courtyard.
Various rooms exist for having conversations in.
Various rooms have different types of equipment.
Various rooms reflect different eras of the desert s romantic history.
Various routes are available.
Various routines can cast object pointers, as needed, to specific object types.
Various rules apply to each destination.
Various samples require various techniques.
Various sandwiches are on hand, including half-pound burgers and tuna melts.
Various schedules are available.
Various schemes are possible, and each has advantages and disadvantages.
Various scholarships are also available.
Various scholarships are available specifically for economics students.
Various scholarships are available throughout the academic year.
Various scholarships are available to current college students and for post-graduate study.
Various scholarships are available to students in the major.
Various scholarships are available.
Various schools offer academic instruction in language arts, math and technology.
Various schools offer both vocational training and personal growth.
Various searches are underway and are at different phases.
Various seasons offer a variety of outdoor activities.
Various seconds are available at reduced prices.
Various sects exist, including one that is concerned with the direction the house faces.
Various sections are long and difficult to complete during the limited time available.
Various sections are still under construction.
Various sections investigate genres, methods and strategies for working with video.
Various sedges are abundant throughout the groundlayer.
Various servers allow people to play and watch bridge over the Internet.
Various services are available on campus or by referral to outside agencies.
Various services are available to businesses to connect the right person with the right job.
Various services are available to help recipients become self sufficient.
Various services are available to help recipients become self-sufficient.
Various services define senior citizen differently.
Various services have different rates.
Various services offer assorted payment methods.
Various services offer information and presentations.
Various shades are obtainable by mixing with the leaves of other plants, such as indigo.
Various shanks are available to fit virtually every drill hammer.
Various shapes are available, thanks to special dies and low-temperature molding materials.
Various shifts are available for qualified candidates.
Various shifts are available including weekends.
Various shifts are available with limited call.
Various shifts are available.
Various shops are open on Sundays.
Various shops offer goods for sale including fresh fish and all basic requirements.
Various shorebirds including terns and black skimmers nest there.
Various shots appear behind.
Various shots show the empty streets and subdued, quiet life in the South Dakota town.
Various shrubs are critical in summer and winter.
Various signs point to electronic communication becoming even more prevalent in the future.
Various signals control the expression of the virulence factors.
Various sites are under consideration.
Various sites feature live entertainment such as folk artists, theater, dance and more.
Various sites give news and reviews of other sites.
Various sites have one or another version.
Various sites offer hand-holding and assistance for students at universities and secondary schools.
Various sites surrounding the projects are available.
Various situations involve conflict.
Most various situations involve conflict.
Some various situations relate to death.
Various sizes are available and priced accordingly.
Various sizes are available for any application.
Various sizes are available for semen inventory in private vaults.
Various sizes are available from medium to extra large.
Various sizes are available in two styles - badge or round.
Various sizes are available through special orders.
Various sizes are available, ranging from the typical single patty to a triple cheeseburger.
Various sizes are available.
Various sizes are useful for different positions, and for growing babies.
Various sizes avail.
Various sizes do different jobs, from planting bulbs to digging fence post holes.
Various sizes help prevent foot problems.
Various sketches made during the lesson can surround the final project drawings.
Various skins are available for each model.
Various small mammals find foliage.
Various software can produce a spectral display of electrical pollution on just about any computer.
Various software is available on the campus network to meet the academic needs of the college.
Various soils have different amounts of pore space, which affects soil aeration and drainage.
Various solutions are available depending on the circumstances.
Various solutions are available, spanning the range of needs and budgets.
Various solutions are possible.
Various solutions exist to slightly modified the spectrum.
Various solutions exist.
Various solutions proposed are partial solutions.
Various solvers are available for matrix solution.
Various songbooks are available from various sources, generally at cost.
Various sounds indicate right and wrong answers.
Various sources are available for video drivers.
Various sources are available.
Various sources are different.
Various sources claim the same sets for different gang members.
Various sources disagree.
Various sources exist for a realization that care for the natural world is a spiritual concern.
Various sources give different designs, but two main sets can be compiled.
Various sources give later dates.
Various sources give slightly different figures for half-lives and energies.
Various sources give slightly different figures for the half-life.
Various sources identify current populations and demographics of Internet users.
Various sources present different categorical schemes.
Various sources provide evidence for a partial or full shift in sexual orientation.
Various sources say that they are, but the statements seem to be based on hearsay.
Various sources supply it, with various degrees of dependability.
Various speakers address a common theme and there is a devotional time of prayer and special music.
Various speakers discuss the latest information on health related topics.
Various speakers discuss topics of general interest to paralegal professionals.
Various speakers help the family to see their loved one from different perspectives.
Various speakers interpolate the warmhearted motion of the poems.
Various speakers preach powerful messages dealing with some of the burning issues of our time.
Various speakers provide presentations on topics of interest and lead discussion afterward.
Various specialists can differ in approach.
Various specialists visit the center to treat area residents right here near home.
Various specializations are available.
Various species are abundant throughout the environment.
Various species are available, and all are beautiful.
Various species are highly specialized.
Various species are ready to be spotted and photographed.
Various species are suitable for cultivation given further selection.
Various species carry out respiration through gills during the larval stage.
Various species go about spawning in slightly different ways.
Various species have a distinct range of sensitivity to pollutants.
Various species have many different characteristics.
Various species have various ways to survive.
Various species live in the forested regions, plains, and deserts of central Australia.
Various species occur in ecosystems ranging from deserts and mountains to grasslands.
Various species occur in the warmer regions of the world.
Various species produce white, pink, yellow or purple blooms.
Various species respond in different ways to altera- tions of the forest habitat.
Various specifications are available for varying soil types and applications.
Various speculations do exist, however - each with a Some degree of believability.
Various splints are available.
Various sponsorships are available ranging from hole sponsorship to event corporate sponsor.
Various spreads see below.
Various springs feed the river.
Various sprites keep watch over the gardens.
Various stables offer horseback riding through the islands' forests.
Various standards apply, depending on the form or classification of chaplaincy.
Various standpipes have leaks, owing to frequent use.
Various states appear together in the same run of a manuscript.
Various states have conventions with academic, talent and other competitions.
Various states have different requirements for exam registration.
Various states have specific statutes governing malpractice claims.
Various states have specific statutes governing medical malpractice claims.
Various states have statutes similar to Nevada's and their courts have decided similar issues.
Various states have their own schemes for withholding taxes and unemployment taxes.
Various states have various requirements.
Various stations require different epoch coordinates.
Various statistics are available showing line usage, line availability etc.
Various statues adorn the protruding chapels.
Various statutes affect the administrative operation of the commissioners court.
Various statutes give powers in certain circumstances to other persons to appoint trustees.
Various statutes grant municipal corporations powers related to the use of land and buildings.
Some various statutes define circumstances.
Various stimuli cause the release of substance P from nerve endings lying next to the joints.
Various stimuli trigger positive responses.
Various stimuli trigger responses.
Most various stimuli trigger positive responses.
Various stock continues to be imported infested with scale insects.
Various stores display sexually explicit materials in different ways.
Various stories abound.
Various stories attend the question of how so few came to be coined.
Various stories overlap and intersect.
Various stories survive to account for Mithras's birth.
Various strategies are appropriate for catteries, including the use of IN vaccines.
Various strategies are available depending of the host cell or organism.
Various strategies are possible for writing a strong paper.
Various strategies are possible from the position shown in the first diagram.
Various strategies emerge in the triad that change the form of interaction from the dyad.
Various strategies exist for getting rid of fleas.
Various strategies exist for keeping a tree balanced.
Various strategies exist to accelerate the solution.
Various students present ideas or solutions to the class.
Various studies addressing the above questions bode poorly for the field of psychotherapy.
Various studies are under way to review the basis for future investment.
Various studies exist that confirm the success of lay ministers in parish roles.
Various studies forecast future production and consumption rates.
Various studies have some scary findings.
Various studies implicate beryllium in lung cancer.
Various studies indicate cimetidine's effectiveness in suppressing herpes infections.
Various studies regarding chess discuss how chess expands the cognitive ability of children.
Various studies show that abortion increases rather than decreases the teen suicide rate.
Various studies show that kids improve their learning using other techniques, without computers.
Various studies show that the advantages of social support are numerous.
Various studies show that the socialization myth is just that - a myth.
Various studies suggest that most mergers destroy shareholder value.
Various studies suggest that the care of patients in advanced stages of illness is far from optimal.
Various styles are available - as are inserts and screws.
Various styles are available in plain rim, elongated rim and high handicapped models.
Various subjects are on offer.
Various subjects regarding current security and crime issues are available for discussion here.
Various subroutines follow.
Various subscriptions are available.
Various subsets are available.
Various substances can enhance the penetration and potency of topical corticosteroids.
Various substances exhibit similar characteristics in how they react with other substances.
Various substances promote good health.
Various substances promote health.
Most various substances promote good health.
Most various substances promote health.
Some various substances act as stimulants.
Some various substances consist of hydrocarbons.
Some various substances find in body fluid.
Some various substances find in fluid.
Various subsystems make up Japan's overall system through mutual complementation.
Various suggestions are advanced for adapting western models to suit local conditions.
Various suppliers are available depending on the equipment required.
Various suppliers are unable to fulfill existing contracts.
Various supplies are available for purchase.
Various surveys show American children are learning less compared to their global counterparts.
Various surveys suggest that many lawyers are dissatisfied with the practice of law.
Various symbols have certain meanings.
Various symbols represent the state of the drawing.
Various symptoms are possible.
Various symptoms can result.
Various symptoms occur, including death in severe cases.
Various systems address different problems in the generation and revision of reactive plans.
Various systems allow moisture vapor transmission at different rates.
Various systems are available, tailored to meet the needs of any customer.
Various systems attach special meanings to otherwise mean- ingless combinations of mode bits.
Various systems exist that provide support for application-level adaptation.
Various systems implement flavours of symbolic links showing different behaviour and properties.
Various targets improve alignment and teach proper trajectory.
Various tasks require different eye protection, eye goggles or glasses.
Various tasks require different methods, so the only wise policy is methodological pragmatism.
Various tasks require varying physiological strategies.
Various teams build boats that float on plastic bottles and have only paddles for propulsion.
Various teams compete in after school and evening sport competitions throughout the year.
Various techniques are available and are inherently dependent on any phase imbalance in the system.
Various techniques are available for improving the accuracy of the method.
Various techniques are available to analyze samples for inorganic and organic constituents.
Various techniques are suitable for detecting finger positions.
Various techniques exist to simulate dirt, fading, spills, paint wear and tear, rusting, etc.
Various techniques exist today to build accurate classifier models.
Various techniques have developed, people use less effort in their - things.
Various techniques lead to that conclusion, including factor analysis, direct scaling, and others.
Various techniques measure pressure in the bladder and the flow of urine.
Various technologies allow service providers to pinpoint a mobile telephone.
Various technologies are available providing a wide range of possibilities.
Various technologies are available to improve the level of availability in a computing environment.
Various technologies are available, but fingerprint scanners are by far the most popular choice.
Various technologies are possible to allow a user a broader range of motion.
Various technologies exist today to help keep things secret.
Various technology is available in the classroom and in the computer lab.
Various teens tell who the most influential person is in their lives.
Various teenagers tell stories about their lives, occupations and education since leaving school.
Various terms are available.
Various territories are available for assignment and development.
Various tests are available.
Various tests can confirm pregnancy.
Various tests distinguish between the extremes of boiling and shattering.
Various tests exist to determine whether a note constitutes a loan or equity.
Various texts are also available.
Various textures enhance the building.
Various themes recur again and again.
Various theologians have ideas of how original sin is passed on to the next generation.
Various theories abound.
Various theories are in circulation about the background to the killing.
Various theories circulate as to the motives and perpetrators of the blast.
Various theories exist for the nucleation processes that allow soot to be produced.
Various theories exist regarding the ancestry of the breed.
Various theories exist to explain the origin and maintenance of prairie and savanna habitats.
Various theories explain the name of the child's game cat's cradle .
Various theories suggest other shooters and other reasons for a missed shot.
Various therapies are available for treating acne, including retinoids, steroids, and antibiotics.
Various thicknesses are available as well as various shades of cream or white.
Various things attach themselves to whales, including lampreys and remoras.
Various things can cause the inflammation, including a viral, bacterial or fungal infection.
Various things can go wrong.
Various things can happen.
Various things cause the food consumption rate to fall short of the basic production rate.
Various things constitute inefficiency.
Various things contribute to the presence of serai stages.
Various things happen.
Various things look very intriguing.
Various tickets are available throughout the year.
Various tiles exist for outdoor use.
Various time formats Various time formats for foreign countries.
Various times are available evenings and weekends.
Various times are available.
Various titles exist for permanent and temporary positions.
Various tools are available for schools.
Various tools are available to analyze a Web site's readers, and where they came from.
Various tools are available to analyze a website's readers, and where they came from.
Various tools are available to assist and automate web publishing.
Various tools are in fact available.
Various tools are used for an exercise of the swimming.
Various tools can implement similar schemes of compression.
Various tools exist for authoring and validating pages.
Various tools exist for extracting information from the Internet.
Various tools exist for profiling the impact of technology on teaching and learning.
Various tools exist for visualisation of complex information.
Various tools exist to help identify older state publications.
Various tools exist to view and edit codings once they have been made.
Various tools help schools determine their proficiency in using technology for engaged learning.
Various tools help the user access the data.
Various tools permit the scientist to interact with the data and navigate through the data set.
Various teeth link to various organs, glands and joints.
Various topics are available.
Various topics are currently under study.
Various topics emerge from the accounts.
Various topics guide the group's discussions.
Various topics involving traffic and cyber-psychology are available.
Some various topics relate to sheep.
Various tours are available at Burnside and Baton Rouge.
Various tours are available to include up to six people.
Various towns celebrate their own saints' days and other significant dates.
Various towns have visitor centers offering swimming, hiking, ball fields and picnic sites.
Various trademarks belong to their respective owners Please read the legal notice .
Various trademarks belong to their respective owners.
Various tradeoffs have to be made to determine the optimum solution for a given situation.
Various traders have various approaches to the market.
Various traditions describe as many as nine layers to the aura.
Various traditions throw light on various facets of the same fact.
Various traditions use different names for the different sub-divisions.
Various trails are well marked and there is an information centre on site.
Various trails follow old dirt levees running through wetlands.
Various trails lead to the falls and alongside the river.
Various trails weave in and out among the foliage.
Various traits apply to certain tournaments.
Various transitions exist.
Various translations are available.
Various translations choose different words.
Various transmitters are available that cater to many specific industrial applications.
Various transportation allow an easy and convenient access.
Various traumas can harm the cartilage that lines joint surfaces.
Various treatments affect health.
Various treatments are available for anxiety.
Various treatments are available such as conditioners .
Various treatments are available.
Various treatments can influence germination.
Various treatments exist and new developments in drug therapy look promising.
Various treatments exist, as well, in an attempt to manage people's pain.
Various treatments exist.
Various treatments include phases.
Various treatments to control willows.
Most various treatments affect health.
Some various treatments have values.
Various triangles form and dissolve.
Various tribes use animal bones.
Various tribes use bones.
Most various tribes use animal bones.
Most various tribes use bones.
Various tricks allow one to maintain agreement among conjugable forms.
Various trips scheduled throughout the school year keep cadets exposed to area culture.
Various tutorials are also available.
Various twists occur before the final fate of the plates is known.
Various types are available including removable, reusable and extra tac for heavier products.
Various types are available, such as wool, silk, rayon and cotton.
Various types are available, varying in their peak onset of action, duration, etc.
Various types are to be found in Italy.
Various types exist with different efficiencies.
Various types perform certain tasks.
Various types perform tasks.
Most various types perform certain tasks.
Most various types perform tasks.
Various typo fixes.
Various unions claim jurisdiction over all set-up and dismantling of exhibits.
Various units are available depending on timing.
Various units are available for lease.
Various units are for rent at various times.
Various units conduct educational programs on safety-related issues throughout the year.
Various units generate a lot of training, often in conflict with college-wide events.
Various universities have differing transfer requirements.
Various universities offer graduate and post graduate courses in the field.
Various universities offer the relevant degree courses.
Various users conduct visualization on various computer platforms.
Various utilities are available on the network for scanning and eliminating viruses.
Various utilities open off it.
Various utilities provide useful tools for managing in a multibyte character environment.
Various vendors are always on hand.
Various vendors offer high quality, specially priced products.
Various vendors sell a variety of ethnic foods.
Various vendors use different indicators of failure.
Various venues See how summer swings in Boston, with many free festival events all across town.
Various versions are available for different systems.
Various versions are available to manage any number of rentals.
Various versions are available, both for in-home and networked PCs.
Various versions are available, including public domain copies at archival sites.
Various versions are available.
Various versions exist for different devices.
Various versions exist including a free demo version and a shareware version.
Various versions exist.
Various versions provide optimum compatibility for the requirements of specific applications.
Various versions push grapefruit or eggs or meat and promise to peel off pounds magically.
Various versions translate the word as assistant, helper, or servant .
Various videos are available under the following general topics.
Various views are available under the 'View' menu.
Various views are available upon request and are based on availability.
Various vocalizations accompany the performance.
Various voices come forward, giving interpretations.
Various volumes cover different time periods.
Various volunteers help out whenever they can.
Various waders frequent the shoreline.
Various walks are possible.
Various wallpapers speak of a Victorian sense of style.
Various wares are utilized for the chafing dish.
Various watercrafts are also available for rent on the North Beach.
Various ways are available.
Various ways are possible.
Various websites are available with nutrient data base search capabilities.
Various websites exist for surfers.
Various websites make educational issues, homework, and information on specific schools accessible.
Various websites offer the same information, addressed to consumers of sports-caught fish.
Various websites provide up to the minute chats, news, images, and even videos of the events.
Various weights provide longer durability or additional dexterity where needed.
Various widths are available to provide different amounts of coverage.
Various wildlife filmstrips with cassettes are for sale.
Various windows display extensive numeric information on detected peaks in the active data run.
Various windows fixes.
Various windscreens are also available.
Various women are scene in various levels of revealing clothing.
Various women speak up boldly to the Savior.
Various women speak with insight, exasperation, and humor about their own experiences.
Various work is ongoing.
Various workshops are now available for younger visitors to the museum.
Various writers cite a variety of reasons for that concern.
Various zones can enclose the sensitive location.
Varitional analysis performs linear statics and dynamic solves.
Varices are due to increased back-pressure on the hepatic vein.
Varices are fragile and can bleed easily.
Varices are large blood vessels which bulge into the esophagus and stomach.
Varices are prone to bleed, and anomalous great vessels can result in esophageal compression.
Varices can be straight, bead-like or nodular and tortuous.
Varices can rupture, causing massive bleeding.
Varices grow until pressure is so high that the vessels rupture.
Varices have thin walls and carry high pressure.
Varices recur in a significant percentage of patients.
Varix is abnormalities.
Varix is an abnormality
Most varmint hunters use light caliber rifles to avoid damaging the fur excessively.
A varmint is a bad person
Varmints are a perennial problem and there's no single solution.
Varmints have few enemies other than man.
Varnish bacteria thrive on smooth rock surfaces in arid climates.
Varnish plates create added depth and liminosity.
Varnish surfaces tend to be shiny when the varnish is smooth and rich in manganese.
Varnish affects the sound and the quality of an instrument.
Varnish also brings out the dark areas which have gone flat after drying.
Varnish can be a prominent feature in many landscapes.
Varnish can build in the main jet causing a leaning condition.
Varnish comes in various sheens or degrees of brilliance from a matte to high gloss.
Varnish has a sharp contact with the underlying rock.
Varnish increases the sense of depth in oil paintings.
Varnish is a coat
Varnish is a tad fragile.
Varnish is a transparent coating added to printed material to enhance color or improve durability.
Varnish is another important consideration in the purchase of an old instrument.
Varnish is coating.
Varnish is consumable products.
Varnish is finish.
Varnish is located in desks.
Varnish is located in tables.
Varnish is now an option.
Varnish is polyurethane.
Varnish looks the best and is easier to keep clean.
Varnish reacts more or less in the same way as ink.
Varnish requires more drying time than UV coatings .
Varnish smells bad.
Varnish tends to darken with age which is why many old paintings have required cleaning.
Varnishes add gloss to the surface of the sign and prevent the chipping and wearing away of paint.
Varnishes are another early creation of man.
Varnishes are very effective in adding emphasis or eye-appeal to printed material.
Varnishes can also give satisfactory performance.
Varnishes can be gloss, semi-gloss, or matte and can be tinted with inks.
Varnishes exist that perform a similar function, but are more quickly applied.
Varnishes intensify the appearance of pigments on the painting surface by the refraction of light.
Varnishes provide another application method particularly suited for young children.
Varnishes specifically designated for floors tend to be more durable.
Many varnishes are possible.
Most varnish now comes from synthetic resins.
Most varnishes are oil-based.
Some varnishes can become soft and sticky when temperatures are high.
Varous colors are available - inquire.
Varsity sports are quite popular at American colleges and universities.
Varsity sports offered for men are soccer , basketball , and baseball .
Varsity sports reach fewer students than club.
Varsity teams are for students who have the highest level of athletic maturity.
Varsity teams are limited to seven runners, all others a maximum of ten runners.
Varsity teams begin competing in basketball, swimming and diving, volleyball, tennis, and fencing.
Varsity teams compete in intercollegiate basketball, soccer and volleyball.
Varsity teams compete in state tournaments.
Varsity teams place emphasis on winning while upholding the value of sportsmanship and team work.
Varsity teams play competitively.
All varsity teams offer athletic scholarship aid.
Most varsity teams begin practice just after four.
Most varsity teams practice five to seven times per week.
A varsity is an university
Varsities are teams.
Varsities are universities.
Varsity begins again with a large bull's-eye freshly repainted onto their jerseys.
Varsity competes in the WIAA summer baseball tournament at the end of their season.
Varsity demands accurate passes, reducing turnovers and errors.
Varsity intercollegiate sports for men include basketball, golf, lacrosse, soccer, and swimming.
Varsity is a discipleship group for Senior High students.
Varsity is current.
Varsity is recognized worldwide as the premier uniform design and production company.
Varsity is the only team that plays in the playoffs.
Varsity match to follow.
Varsity moves out of two sublet rooms in a town house and moves to a Georgetown loft.
Varsity provides alternative to theater chains.
Varsity requires a back handspring or back tuck by the first football game.
Varsity specializes in high-quality exterior residential cedar staining.
Varsity start- times are approximate due to sophomore games.
Varsity womens hockey.
Some varsities are easier to get into than others.
Varve deposits display great age.
Vary amounts change over time.
Vary diets combine food.
Vary diets consist of flake food.
Vary diets consist of food.
Vary diets consist of fruit.
Vary diets consist of meat.
Vary diets contain nutrients.
Vary diets contain vegetables.
Vary diets include food.
Vary diets include fruit vegetables.
Vary diets include fruit.
Vary diets include herbs.
Vary diets include other vertebrates.
Vary diets include plants.
Vary diets include preparation.
Vary diets include vegetables.
Vary diets include vertebrates.
Vary diets provide good nutrition.
Vary diets provide green vegetables.
Vary diets provide nutrition.
Vary diets provide vegetables.
Most vary diets combine food.
Most vary diets contain nutrients.
Most vary diets contain vegetables.
Most vary diets provide good nutrition.
Most vary diets provide green vegetables.
Most vary diets provide nutrition.
Most vary diets provide vegetables.
Some vary diets have difficulty.
Vary entry points.
Vary maturity dates.
Vary sentence openers.
Vary temperature contributes to heat.
A vas is a structure
Vases are available for purchase.
Vases are available in a variety of sizes, shapes and prices.
Vases are available with bouquets for additional charge.
Vases are currently available in black, white or silver.
Vases are ships.
Vases hold nosegays of daisies, baby's breath and pinks.
Vases round the corner from wilshire.
Most vases fill with water.
Vasa protein is found in ovaries from the late third-instar larvae in precursors of oogonia.
Vascular access is secured in the arm opposite to the surgical site.
Vascular access is the key to proper dialysis.
Vascular access is through arm veins only.
Vascular access needs to be considered.
Vascular anomalies are among the most common congenital lesions of the head and neck.
Vascular biology is the study of blood vessels and their role in a number of debilitating diseases.
Vascular birthmarks are also due to dilated blood vessels that are very closely clustered together.
Most vascular birthmarks disappear without treatment or can be treated effectively.
Vascular bundle consists of phloem and xylem.
Vascular bundle is a part of the transport system in vascular plants.
Vascular bundles adaxial.
Vascular bundles are conjoint and closed.
Vascular bundles are described as radial and tetrarch.
Vascular bundles are present throughout the monocot stem, although concentrated towards the outside.
Vascular bundles are radial in arrangement.
Vascular bundles are radial, and it contains xylem and phloem tissues.
Vascular bundles make up veins in leaf.
Most vascular bundles are derived from primary procambial strands.
Vascular cambium is a primary meristem.
Vascular cambium is one of two lateral meristems, the other being cork cambium.
Vascular cambium is the site of secondary growth.
Vascular cambium occurs between the bark and the wood.
Vascular cambium produces secondary xylem to the inside and secondary phloem to the outside.
Vascular cells are clearly visible when the stems are examined under a microscope.
Vascular clamps are on the inferior vena cava above and below the tumor.
Vascular dementia goes stepwise.
Vascular dementia is caused by a series of small arterial blood vessel strokes.
Vascular dementia is caused by a series of small arterial blood-vessel strokes.
Vascular dementia is characterized by memory loss and other declines in mental function.
Vascular dementia is overdiagnosed.
Vascular dementia is the second leading cause of dementia among the elderly.
Vascular dementia is underdiagnosed.
Vascular dementia tends to progress in a stepwise fashion but can be static.
Most vascular dementia is related to stroke.
Vascular disease are currently the most common cause of death and disability in European countries.
Vascular disease begins when lesions occur in the inner walls of veins and arteries.
Vascular disease increases the potential for heart disease and stroke.
Vascular disease interferes with erection by restricting blood flow to the penis.
Vascular disease is a slow process that can gradually progress over a lifetime.
Vascular disease is one of the leading causes of death and disability in the United States.
Vascular disease is one of the most important public health issues in the United States.
Vascular disease is the greatest killer in industrialized societies.
Vascular disease is the one of the major causes of mortality and morbidity in the United States.
Vascular diseases are cardiovascular complications.
Vascular diseases are illnesses.
Vascular diseases are the most common cutaneous manifestations of reflex sympathetic dystrophy.
Vascular diseases represent one of the major cause of morbidity and mortality in western countries.
Vascular disorders leading to bleeding are unusual.
Some vascular disorder involves problems.
Vascular events occur over periods.
Vascular events occur over year periods.
Most vascular events occur over periods.
Most vascular events occur over year periods.
Vascular flower plants have leaves.
Some vascular growth occurs in adults.
Vascular headaches are a group of headaches caused by irregular blood flow.
Vascular headaches involve blood vessels in the brain and changes in blood flow.
Vascular headaches involve the flow of blood in the brain.
Vascular injury is unlikely to occur unless there is an associated fracture.
Vascular injury leads to the margination of platelets to the site of vessel injury.
Vascular invasion is an important step in the development of metastasis.
Vascular invasion is associated with thrombosis and angiitis.
Vascular invasion is from the limbus.
Vascular invasion is rare.
Vascular lesions can also diffusely involve both bone and soft tissue in angiomatosis.
Vascular lesions reduce elastic properties of cerebral white matter and alter tissue strength.
Vascular malformation is a common cause of macroglossia.
Vascular malformations are much less common.
Vascular medicine is a rapidly growing field.
Vascular occlusion can lead to ulcerations, necrosis and lipophagic granulomas.
Most vascular occlusions are either thrombotic or embolic.
Vascular permeability results in accumulation.
Vascular plant databases contain information.
A vascular plant is a plant
Vascular plant species critical to maintenance of floristic diversity in Alabama.
Vascular plant species diversity on two barrier islands in southwest Florida .
Vascular plant systematics .
Vascular plant systematics.
Vascular plants absorb water.
Vascular plants are eukaryotes.
Vascular plants are known as tracheophytes.
Vascular plants are less common in the peat and more localised.
Vascular plants are made up of roots and shoots.
Vascular plants are more complicated than non-vascular plants.
Vascular plants are plants containing tubes which carry food and water throughout the plant.
Vascular plants are plants.
Vascular plants are unable to utilize nitrogen as it occurs in the atmosphere.
Vascular plants can be rare for an astonishing variety of reasons.
Vascular plants carry water and nutrients up and down the plant.
Vascular plants contain complex vascular tissues that make up a the phloem and the xylem.
Vascular plants contain tubes which carry water and nutrients throughout the plant.
Vascular plants contain two main types of conduction tissue, the xylem and phloem.
Vascular plants have flowers.
Vascular plants have gametophytes.
Vascular plants have leaves.
Vascular plants have roots that absorb water and nutrients from the soil.
Vascular plants have roots, stems and leaves.
Vascular plants have roots.
Vascular plants have sporophylls, modified plants that bear sporangia.
Vascular plants have structures.
Vascular plants have such transport systems.
Vascular plants have tiny gametophytes.
Vascular plants have transport tissues as an adaptation to living on land.
Vascular plants have tubes to carry water and food throughout the plant.
Vascular plants have two types of vascular tissue, xylem and phloem.
Vascular plants have vascular tissue s, which circulate resources through the plant.
Vascular plants have vascular tissues which distribute resources through the plant.
Vascular plants include conifers.
Vascular plants live in more types of environments than nonvascular plants.
Vascular plants need moisture.
Vascular plants possess features.
Vascular plants produce flowers.
Vascular plants produce kinds.
Vascular plants produce seeds.
Vascular plants provide benefits.
Vascular plants provide many benefits.
Vascular plants share a similar set of structures called roots, stems, and leaves.
Vascular plants undergo two kinds of growth, called primary and secondary growth.
Vascular plants undergo two kinds of growth, primary growth and secondary growth.
All vascular plants photosynthesize.
Many vascular plants are also widespread across the circumpolar north.
Most vascular plants absorb water.
Most vascular plants are seed plants, or spermatophytes.
Most vascular plants have flowers.
Most vascular plants have gametophytes.
Most vascular plants have leaves.
Most vascular plants have roots.
Most vascular plants have structures.
Most vascular plants have tiny gametophytes.
Most vascular plants possess features.
Most vascular plants produce flowers.
Most vascular plants produce kinds.
Most vascular plants produce seeds.
Most vascular plants provide benefits.
Most vascular plants provide many benefits.
Some vascular plants contain xylem.
Some vascular plants have cuticles.
Some vascular plants have develop vascular tissue.
Some vascular plants have edges.
Some vascular plants have tissue.
Some vascular plants have vascular tissue.
Some vascular plants have waxy cuticles.
Some vascular plants look like ferns.
Some vascular plants possess roots.
Some vascular plants produce spores.
Some vascular plants produce types.
Some vascular plants provide insight.
Vascular rosacea is where blood vessels under the face swell and it is most common in women.
Vascular seed plants include conifers.
Vascular seed plants produce seeds.
Vascular spasm can occur as a result of subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Vascular structures support respiration.
Vascular surgeons are easy to find.
Vascular surgeons are surgeons.
Vascular surgeons control the patient.
Vascular surgeons focus on other parts of the circulatory system.
Vascular surgeons play an important role in the training of undergraduate and postgraduate students.
Vascular surgeons see their practice going in an endovascular direction.
Vascular surgery has only limited benefit in correcting penile abnormalities.
Vascular surgery includes surgical treatment of blood vessel problems.
Vascular surgery is a separate service.
Vascular system includes vascular bundles, which can be seen in the veins and the midrib.
Vascular system is well developed.
Vascular tissue carries nutrients.
Vascular tissue connects leaf veins.
Vascular tissue connects veins.
Vascular tissue consists of a continuous cylinder of secondary xylem with few resin canals.
Vascular tissue covering bone bruises more.
Vascular tissue includes xylem, phloem, parenchyma, and cambium cells.
Vascular tissue is a conducting tissue type.
Vascular tissue is a lignified tissue in plants for conducting water, minerals and sugars.
Vascular tissue is an adaptation to multicellularity and life on land.
Vascular tissue is arranged as discrete collateral bundles.
Vascular tissue is composed of xylem and phloem.
Vascular tissue is essentially the veins and arteries of plants.
Vascular tissue is found just near the nectary.
Vascular tissue is internal conducting tissue for the movement of water, minerals, and food.
Vascular tissue is involved with the transport of material.
Vascular tissue is part of vascular plants.
Vascular tissue is plant tissue
Vascular tissue is plant tissue.
Vascular tissue is specialized tissue that conducts water and nutrients throughout the plant.
Vascular tissue is surrounded by layers.
Vascular tissue is tube like structures that carries water and food to the rest of the plant.
Vascular tissue occurs in long strands called vascular bundles .
Vascular tissue provides long distance transport and structural support.
Vascular tissue refers to blood vessels.
Vascular tissue transports food, water, hormones and minerals within the plant.
Vascular tissues allow for the transport of materials between roots and shoots.
Vascular tissues are in radial arrangement.
Vascular tissues are seen as long strands and are called vascular bundles.
Vascular tissues are specialized for water and nutrient transport.
Vascular tissues arise from a thread of dividing cells that by differentiation.
Vascular tissues form a vascular cylinder arranged as a central column.
Vascular tissues mark a lineage that gave rise to most modern plants.
Most vascular tissue carries nutrients.
Most vascular tissue connects veins.
Most vascular tissue is surrounded by layers.
Some vascular tissue carries water.
Some vascular tissue fills bone cavities.
Some vascular tissue fills cavities.
Vascular tone influences arterial pressure lability after sinoaortic deafferentation.
Vascular tone is the continuous balancing act between the two.
Vascular treatment includes the use of angioplasty.
A vascularity is a property
Vascularity is shown in blue.
Vascularized bone grafting requires two teams of surgeons and microsurgical techniques.
A vasculitis is a symptom
Vasculitis can affect all organs.
Vasculitis can be both a primary childhood disease and a feature of other syndromes.
Vasculitis can manifest in a variety of different ways including skin rashes and ulcers.
Vasculitis can occur alone or in conjunction with an allergic reaction or with autoimmune diseases.
Vasculitis is seen on biopsy.
Vasculitis occurs because of inflammation and damage to blood vessels.
Vasculitis refers to inflammation of blood vessels.
Vasculitises are diseases.
Vasculitises are inflammation.
A vase is a jar
Vase isa jar.
Vases are also a good seller, particularly the thicker glass.
Vases are another flexible option.
Vases are containers.
Vases are jars.
Vases are located in cabinets.
Vases are located in shelfs.
Vases are located in tables.
Vases are located in windowsills.
Vases contain faux rosebuds.
Vases containing real orchids grace the linen-topped tables.
Vases fill with water.
Vases have (part) brims.
Vases have (part) sections.
Vases hold water.
Vases tend only to depict scenes only of upper-class courtships however.
Many vases are decorated or painted but some are left plain.
Many vases show uninhibited communal sex as the climax to the evening.
Some vases discovered in the ancient cemetery in Athens show the Geometric style.
Vasectomy reversal can be successful.
Vasectomy reversal is done in an operating room under general anesthesia.
Vasectomy reversal is the reconnection with microsurgery of the severed ends of the vas deferens.
A vasectomy is ablation
A vasectomy is surgical contraception
Vasectomies are ablation.
Vasectomies are contraception.
Vasectomies are free and available at permanent and mobile facilities nationwide.
Vasectomy blocks the vas deferens and keeps sperm out of the seminal fluid.
Vasectomy causes impotence.
Vasectomy creates sterility by blocking the egress of sperm from the testes.
Vasectomy involves blocking the tubes through which sperm pass into the semen.
Vasectomy offers men the opportunity to begin to set the record straight.
Vaseline glass contains a small amount of uranium and fluoresces brilliantly under black light.
Vaseline glass is our specialty.
Vaseline glass is their specialty.
Vaseline mixtures are too thin.
Vaseline oil is perfectly harmless when taken internally.
Vasoactive drugs contribute to control of bleeding and decrease portal pressure.
Vasoactive peptide agonists and antagonists.
Vasocongested organs return to normal size and color, and muscles relax.
Vasocongested organs return to their normal size and color, and muscles relax.
Vasoconstriction can happen for different reasons including because of a medical problem .
Vasoconstriction can happen for different reasons including because of a medical problem.
Vasoconstriction can result in reduction of edema following burns or crush injuries.
Vasoconstriction causes the increase in venous return to the heart.
Vasoconstriction conserves heat.
Vasoconstriction creates greater volume pressure in the blood stream.
Vasoconstriction decreases the flow of oxygen and nutrients to the facial skin cells.
Vasoconstriction helps in reducing the amount of heat radiated into the environment from the skin.
Vasoconstriction is abolished only when the nerve supply to the arterioles is interrupted.
Vasoconstriction is an example of sympathetic hyperactivity.
Vasoconstriction is an excessive tightening of the blood vessels.
Vasoconstriction is constriction
Vasoconstriction is constriction.
Vasoconstriction leads to decreased absorption, lower peak blood levels and decreased duration.
Vasoconstriction maintains the systemic blood pressure and reduces renal blood flow.
Vasoconstriction occurs to reduce swelling.
Vasodilation causes increased ultrafiltration across the capillary bed.
Vasodilation causes mild, transient erythema as the skin attempts to cool down.
Vasodilation causes warmth and redness.
Vasodilation cools one down.
Vasodilation decreases myocardial workload and oxygen demand.
Vasodilation is a widening of the lumen due to smooth muscle contraction.
Vasodilation is a widening of the lumen due to smooth musclerelaxation.
Vasodilation is dilatation
Vasodilation is dilation.
Vasodilation is the result.
Vasodilation leads to hypovolemic shock.
Vasodilation occurs and can result in some edema before frank high-output heart failure occurs.
Vasodilation refers to the opening of pupils in response to eye infections.
Vasodilation then occurs, followed by a release of enzymes that cause cell necrosis.
A vasodilator is a dilator
Vasodilators also appear to produce relatively little improvement.
Vasodilators are dilators.
Vasodilators are medicine.
Vasodilators cause blood vessels to expand, thereby increasing blood flow.
Vasodilators complicate blood flow to ischemic tissue by several proposed mechanisms.
Vasodilators dilate the blood vessels in the lungs and reduce the hypertension.
Vasodilators increase the size of blood vessels.
Vasodilators make it easier for blood to flow and reduce the heart's work load.
Vasodilators reduce the workload of the heart.
Vasodilators relax the blood vessels.
Vasodilators relax the muscles in the blood vessel walls and allow the vessels to dilate.
Vasodilators work by making the arteries throughout the body open up.
Some vasodilators dilate the blood vessels in the lungs and reduce the hypertension.
Vasogenic edema can displace the brain hemisphere and, when severe, lead to cerebral herniation.
Vasogenic edema is more important clinically than cytotoxic edema.
Vasogenic edema Occurs when the blood brain barrier is disrupted.
Vasomotor rhinitis can cause congestion and a runny nose, especially around mealtime.
Vasomotor rhinitis is a condition affecting the mucous membranes that line the nose.
Vasomotor rhinitis is common and can be treated with a decongestant nasal spray.
Vasomotor rhinitis is rather common and often co-exists with allergic rhinitis.
Vasomotor rhinitis is thought to occur because of abnormal regulation of nasal blood flow.
Vasomotor symptoms are very common among perimenopausal women, but also among orchidectomized men.
Vasopressin is a hormone
Vasopressin is hormones.
Vasopressin is peptide hormones.
Vasopressin is proteins.
Vasopressin regulates endothelin-B receptor in rat inner medullary collecting duct.
Vasopressin regulates water balance and urine production.
A vasopressor is an agent
Vasopressors are agents that increase systemic vascular resistance by increasing vasocontrition.
Vasopressors are drugs used when a patient's blood pressure falls too low.
Vasopressors help blood flow to the heart so it can be pumped to other organs.
VasoSeal placement is extravascular, designed to leave nothing inside the artery.
Vasovagal syncope affects young children and women more often.
Vasovagal syncope is an abnormal reaction of the nerves to otherwise normal circumstances.
Vasovagal syncope is an unusual response to emotional stress, excitement, fatigue, hunger or pain.
Vasovagal syncope is the medical term for the common faint.
Vassar players are, of course.
Vast amounts circulate through capillaries in the nose alone.
Vast areas appear as eerie expanses of bleached skeletons from the repeated use of sodium cyanide.
Vast areas are arid or semi-desert, unsuitable for settlement.
Vast areas are swamps, grassland or thick forests with rivers.
Vast areas are without water and power.
Some vast areas hold water.
Vast beaches follow.
Vast business interrelationships span the globe.
Vast capacity means vast content and vice versa.
Vast cattle ranches.
Vast clouds Scattered throughout our galaxy are vast molecular clouds, tens of light years in size.
Vast columns rise into the dim skies.
Vast confusion waits, As doth a raven on a sick-faU'n beast.
Vast databases are merely a key stroke away.
Vast deserts are common in the region.
Vast differences exist between studies in overall design and quality of methods and statistics used.
Vast distances reduce angle of apparent motion, like cars on distant road.
Vast erudition results less in the multitude of ideas than in a multitude of images.
Vast explosions cause damage.
Most vast explosions cause damage.
Some vast explosions take places.
Some vast fields provide analyses.
Vast fires rage out of control in Brazil, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Mexico.
Vast fires rage seasonally in many of the world's tropical forests.
Vast forests provide it with ample timber for both export and domestic use.
Vast gaps remain in our ability to simulate many of the mesoscale processes in numerical models.
Vast grasslands open many of the steep hillsides.
Vast herds move together on migration.
Vast industries revolve around apples, apricots, plums, peaches, and pears.
Vast inequality eats away at the values and beliefs that built our country and have kept it strong.
Vast information resources Global marketing opportunities.
Vast landscapes make especially effective horizontals as a sense of width and dept h is conveyed.
Vast leeway is given with regard to student use of material for school projects.
Vast majority appear to be white throated.
Vast majority are institutional loans.
Some vast majorities have growth.
Vast meadows enclosing the holiday domiciles leave enough space for romping.
Vast misery enfolds a quickly increasing amount of people throughout the world.
Vast numbers live in shanty towns in cheap, self-made sheds.
Vast opportunities exist for public officials who understand the unique culture of philanthropy.
Vast opportunities exist in the investment and joint venture sectors.
Vast opportunities keep college grads from stressing about future careers.
Vast panoramas are available for the photographer.
Vast plains cover most of Russia's territory.
Vast plains highlight the north, while rolling farmland covers the southern regions.
Some vast possibility takes advantage.
Vast power is entrusted to federal judges.
Vast projects are in many cases less effective than more modest and better balanced ones.
Some vast regions contain large volcanoes.
Some vast regions contain volcanoes.
Vast site relates arts to all curricular areas.
Vast space is language for a field, a sky, a terrain, and a hue, the killer, and hewn.
Vast spaces dedicated to kids include wading pools, playrooms, teen discos and video arcades.
Vast swaths have little distinction in human perception.
Vast truths inhabit every great work-within, above, and between the notes.
Vast value is endangered compared with the loot the pirates are after.
Vast wetlands stretch inland from the coast.
Vat dye is a dyestuff
Vat dye is dye.
Vat dyes are insoluble substances used for cotton dyeing.
Vat dyes are primarily for cotton and rayon.
Vat dyes have good light and wash fastness qualities and can be pigment printed or painted.
VAT receipts are especially hard to predict.
A vat is a vessel
VAT allows one to listen to lectures or converse with others over the internet.
VAT applies to commercial vehicles.
VAT applies to non-departmental purchases.
VAT applies to the goods sold and the services provided.
VAT cuts to reduce the cost of residential property conversions, such as changing houses into flats.
VAT exemptions Unnecessary exemptions are to be phased out.
VAT invoices monthly or yearly in advance.
Vat is additional to all the prices quoted above.
Vat is charged at the current rate for service industry.
VAT is in fact quite simple in principle.
Vat is one of the basic tools of multicast audio.
VAT is present where applicable.
Vat is so ahead of the game.
VAT is to be added where applicable.
VAT returns .
VAT returns in euro.
VAT seeks a joint venture partner to improve the quality of services, and attract more tourists.
VAT welcomes persons who live in Manhattan Beach to join in combating crime in the City.
Vats are excises.
Vats are tubs.
Any VAT charged is reclaimable.
Vatican approval is required before the procedure takes full effect.
Vatican document supports missionaries, says official .
Vatican law makes no provision for removing an incapacitated pope.
Vatican officials are noncommittal on the significance of the new dialogue.
Vatican officials describe it as an open meeting with no fixed agenda.
Vatted malts contain no grain whisky.
A vaudeville theater is a theatre
Vaudeville theaters begin showing motion pictures as part of their regular line-up of acts.
A vaudeville is variety
Vaudeville entertainers from as far away as Philadelphia provided free entertainment for the guests.
Vaudeville is dead.
Vault cash is the major component of banking system reserves.
Vault citizens are known as dwellers and players have taken to calling enemies invaders.
Vault doors are available for standard poured vaults as well as modular vaults.
Vault restrooms are also available.
Vault temperature is stable but a dehumidifier is required.
Vault toilets are also available year-round throughout the park.
Vault toilets are available at all primitive campgrounds.
Vault toilets are available for use year-round throughout the park.
Vault toilets are available in the park year-round.
Vault toilets are available year-round in the park.
Vault toilets are available year-round.
Vault toilets are wheelchair accessible.
A vault is a chamber
A vault is a tomb
Vault answers questions about Teleworking.
Vaults are also very important.
Vaults are barrel-shaped objects present in every cell in the body.
Vaults are jumps.
Vaults are located in banks.
Vaults are part of banks.
Vaults are roofs.
Vaults are up-regulated in multidrug resistant cancer cell lines.
Vaults are up-regulated in multidrug resistant cancer cells lines.
Vaults have floor drains but the water is coming in too fast.
Vaults have usually one or more rooms .
Vaults have usually one or more rooms.
Vaults keep the ground from settling and make mowing and maintenance easier.
Vaults rest on massive columns that support the load of the roof.
Vaults span between eighty radial walls to support tiers of seating and for passageways and stairs.
Many vaults sold today offer fire protection as well as security against forced entry.
Most vaults are radiologically controlled areas.
Vaulted ceilings add a spacious feeling to the entire home.
Vaulted ceilings are a great feature on the main level.
Vaulted ceilings are a nice touch too.
Vaulted ceilings are hand-detailed in gold, an antique chandelier lights the grand foyer.
Vaulted ceilings give a luxurious sense of space and comfort.
Vaulted ceilings give an open atmosphere.
Vaulted ceilings give the main living area a spacious, open feeling.
Vaulted toilets are throughout the reserve, and there is one potable water source.
Vaulting are structures.
Vavilovian mimicry is caused by unintentional selection by humans .
Vavilovian mimicry is caused by unintentional selection by humans.
Vavilovian mimicry occurs in plants where a weed comes to look like a crop plant.
VBEE courses are regular classroom lectures that have been videotaped.
VBVM benefits can apply to many situations.
VCD quality is comparable to SVHS tapes.
VDOLive player is required for the video.
Veal crates are wooden boxes with slatted floors and solid sides.
Veal dishes are also popular, such as the veal scaloppine with marsala.
Veal dishes are another specialty, using only the best veal attainable.
Veal dishes are popular.
Veal production is so cruel that it has been outlawed in other developed countries.
Veal shanks are a relatively inexpensive cut of meat.
Veal shanks require long, slow cooking.
Veal carries political baggage.
Veal details the life, politics, and music of one of Africa's greatest musicians.
Veal does wonders for a brown stock, and the feeling is mutual.
Veal follows basically the same criteria as older beef.
Veal goes with almost any wine and any side dish.
Veal is a controversial issue in terms of animal welfare .
Veal is a controversial issue in terms of animal welfare.
Veal is a good choice, too.
Veal is available in the self-service meat case and the full service case.
Veal is beef.
Veal is by nature a naturally lean meat and very easy to prepare.
Veal is common in the Yucatan .
Veal is divided in same manner as lamb, into fore and hind quarters.
Veal is especially glad to see the signs of depression and suicide included in the slide rule.
Veal is lean with a mild, delicate flavor.
Veal is low in fat and cholesterol, high in protein, iron and important vitamins and minerals.
Veal is meat
Veal is meat.
Veal is most flavorful when cooked to medium doneness.
Veal is nutrient dense meat which is low in fat and calories.
Veal is part of calfs.
Veal is rich in iron and phosphorus.
VEAL is the meat obtained from a young calf killed when six to eight weeks old.
Veal is very nourishing.
Veal looks forward to next year's season as a sophomore.
Veal sweetbreads with creme fraiche, brandy, glace de viande and mushrooms.
Veal sweetbreads with cress salad.
Veal tastes milder because it comes from milk-fed calves.
Veals also list the following videos.
Vebal communication is delayed and marked by the presence of echolalia.
Veblen goods are often also positional goods .
Veblen goods are often also positional goods.
Vector addition is a spatial operation.
Vector addition is the scalar addition of the Cartesian components of the vectors.
Vector addition is used to calculate the relative speed and direction of the boundary to the storm.
Vector addition means adding the components of two vectors to form the components of a new vector.
Vector addition represents as given here represents a geometric calculation.
Vector algebra is algebra
Vector algebra is algebra.
Vector algebra is used extensively in equilibrium analysis of structures and machines.
Vector algebra is used in the analysis.
Vector algebra is used to treat problems in two and three dimensions.
Vector algebra is used where appropriate.
Vector analysis is stressed, with an emphasis of solving the more sophisticated physics problems.
Vector arrows have heads.
Vector art consists of scalable shapes.
Vector art is also dependent to an extent upon resolution.
Vector art represents resolution-independent graphics.
Vector calculus is developed as needed in the course.
Vector calculus is introduced and then applied throughout.
Vector calculus is used throughout the course.
Vector calculus is used throughout.
Vector calculus is used.
Vector components are vectors at right angles which add to give the original vector.
Every vector component stays discrete.
Vector computers have hardware to perform the vector operations efficiently.
Vector control is a nice way of saying windblown trash and animal intrusion.
Vector control is applied population dynamics and hence is an aspect of applied ecology.
Vector control is difficult and costly.
Vector control is implemented using environmental management and chemical methods.
Vector control is in danger of receiving fatal cuts.
Vector control is the most effective method of prevention in Latin America.
Vector control requires continuous application of pesticides.
Vector drawings are compact, and like all drawing formats, offer advanced features.
Any vector equation is elegant shorthand notation for two scalar equations.
Vector fields are an extension of the field concept to vector quantities.
Vector fields are fields.
Vector fields are functions.
Vector fields can be perpendicular to local gradient or along the gradient.
Vector fields show their direction component with wind barbs or arrows.
Vector fonts look better, the higher the resolution.
Vector games look fantastic on it.
Vector graphics allow image scaling without true loss in the image's integrity.
Vector graphics allow viewers to magnify pages to more easily read text and view detailed graphics.
Vector graphics allows proper zooming and crisp linework and lettering.
Vector graphics are a little more complicated.
Vector graphics are advantageous because they can easily be resized and stretched.
Vector graphics are easy to make and edit.
Vector graphics are great because of their easy scaleability.
Vector graphics are line-based graphics.
Vector graphics are more flexible than the common bitmaps that form most of the graphics on the Web.
Vector graphics are more suited for line art, illustrations, type and flat-style artwork.
Vector graphics are much smaller and more reusable with less work.
Vector graphics are much smaller than GIFs and JPGs.
Vector graphics are resolution independent.
Vector graphics are resolution-independent.
Vector graphics are unaffected.
Vector graphics are very smooth looking and can easily be resized without loss of image quality.
Vector graphics are well suited to computer handling because they can be mathematically manipulated.
Vector graphics consists of lines and curves defined by mathematical objects called vectors.
Vector graphics create small files that can be scaled without affecting image quality.
Vector graphics define images through shapes and paths.
Vector graphics describe an image independent of the resolution of the final rendering device.
Vector graphics describe images as outlines with filled regions of color.
Vector graphics draw an image as lines, polygons and text.
Vector graphics draws high quality lines without zig-zags but is both rare and expensive.
Vector graphics have another powerful advantage over bitmap graphics.
Vector graphics have several advantages over their bitmap counterparts.
Vector graphics have several advantages.
Vector graphics is the key phrase.
Vector graphics produce high-quality animation at all resolutions, with very small file sizes.
Vector graphics produce the best quality available on the web today.
Vector graphics require much less storage space than raster or bitmapped graphics.
Vector graphics retain all editability.
Vector graphics retain their sharpness when enlarged or reduced.
Vector graphics tend to have much smaller file sizes than raster-based bitmaps.
Vector graphics use lines , shapes , and text to create a more complex image .
Vector graphics use lines, shapes, and text to create a more complex image.
Vector graphics use mathematical descriptions instead of pixels.
Vector graphics use reference points that draw lines between two points.
Vector image files record images descriptively , in terms of geometric shapes.
Vector images allow for greater detail and clarity at multiple zoom levels.
Vector images are easier to scale to different sizes without losing detail.
Vector images are ideal for graphics with solid areas of color and distinct object definitions.
Vector images are more indirect.
Vector images are perfect for printing, they have unlimited resolution.
Vector images are scaleable, up or down, with no loss of design quality.
Vector images are smaller and more flexible than bitmaps.
Vector images can be more compacted, thus make the file size small for delivering.
Vector images can have irregular shapes, and the background shows around the edges.
Vector images consist of lines and curves defined by mathematical objects called vectors.
Vector images consist of lines and curves that are defined by mathematical objects called vectors.
Vector images have their drawbacks.
Vector images offer greater detail and clarity at multiple zoom levels.
Vector length is proportional to speed.
Vector length is proportional to the magnitude of the mean vector wind error.
Vector length scaled by computed velocity, see scale vector at lower left.
Vector maps allow images to be made with layers for ease of editing.
Vector maps are versatile.
Vector maps can provide a lot of detailed road data but can be hard to prune to serve as road maps.
Vector monitors are also fussy about the quality of certain transistors.
Vector notation is simply a short-hand way of expressing information in a compact but precise way.
Vector notation requires working knowledge of trigonometry.
Vector notation varies, and often depends upon the context.
Vector processors are microprocessors.
Vector processors bring order to a long problem by sorting out similar mathematical operations.
Vector processors make heavy use of pipelining .
Vector processors perform numerical calculations much like workers on an assembly line build a car.
Vector quantities have both magnitude and direction.
Vector quantities have two characteristics, a magnitude and a direction.
Vector space is modules.
Vector space is part of algebra.
Vector spaces are important structures in the study of linear algebra.
Vector spaces are matroids.
Any vector space is an abelian Lie algebra, by endowing it with the trivial bracket.
Every vector space has a basis.
Vector subtraction is defined in the following way.
Vector subtraction is done by adding the negative.
Vector subtraction is performed by negating the vector to be subtracted and then adding.
A vector is a variable
Vector allows for much faster and cleaner web graphics.
Vector are automatically updated in the graph.
Vector attracts flying insects with ultraviolet bulbs and is silent.
Vector based drawings have their image information based on mathmatical formulas of curves.
Vector based graphics are well suited for low bandwidth transmission in several ways.
Vector based graphics is also important here in terms of being low-bandwidth.
Vector borne illnesses, especially malaria and dengue fever, are likely to increase.
Vector can also have a variety of different meanings depending on context.
Vector can represent point, line, and area features very accurately.
Vector combines an altimeter, barometer, and compass with all the features of a standard timepiece .
Vector combines an altimeter, barometer, and compass with all the features of a standard timepiece.
Vector drawing apps create precise, professional-quality images.
Vector editing uses a coordinate grid.
Vector extends  java.lang.
Vector extends java.lang.
Vector imaging basically allows resizing without degradation.
Vector includes a sports watch, barometer, altimeter, thermometer and compass.
Vector is a drawing file using lines and arcs and relatively small in size.
Vector is a good idea.
Vector is a harmolodic, avant-groove mix on the leading edges of the latest musical currents.
Vector is actually quite amusing.
Vector is an on-line scatter plot tool that dynamically plots one variable as a function of another.
Vector is an ordered list.
Vector is equally comfortable using metric or inch units.
Vector is included in transient transfections.
Vector is now ready for ligation.
Vector is right tool.
Vector is the default.
Vector is the direction of something.
Vector is the dog tick.
Vector is the one.
Vector isa concept.
Vector knows the negotiation process inside and out.
Vector means a carrier.
Vector means an organism that carries an infectious disease to another organism .
Vector means an organism that carries an infectious disease to another organism.
Vector means something that has magnitude and direction.
Vector offers a complete, self-contained vacuum recovery and classification and blasting system.
Vector offers customized, comprehensive solutions for every type of business and organization.
Vector offers flexibility for our students in their work schedules.
Vector offers pre-owned equipment to satisfy a broad range of industrial vacuum needs.
Vector offers pre-owned equipment to satisfy a broad range of industrial vacuuming needs.
Vector outlining of the text is also easier and faster.
Vector points out of the page and points to the right in the same plane.
Vector provides advantages and benefits that far exceed building the best equipment.
Vector provides the following methods to insert elements.
Vector represents the vertical flow caused by the downwash.
Vector reserves the right to add people to the date chosen.
Vector Returns the component at the specified index.
Vector serves Virginia and the Carolinas.
Vector shops the market for the best possible rates on home and auto insurance.
Vector spaces over a field.
Vector spaces over arbitrary fields, subspaces, bases, linear transformations.
Vector spaces over arbitrary fields.
Vector spaces over the real numbers are special in that they allow measurements of length and angle.
Vector spaces Some interesting properties of solutions of linear systems.
Vector species adapts to different temperature threshold depending on the area it occurs.
Vector supports multiple documents, and simultaneous multiple views of the same document.
Vector target a wall of vines that attack and slow nearby enemies.
Vector toolset only.
Vectors act like a fleet of microscopic delivery trucks transporting genes into retinal cells.
Vectors add in a peculiar but logical way.
Vectors also represent relationships between energy events.
Vectors also take up less space than lists.
Vectors are a good choice for representing records.
Vectors are a means by which DNA is delivered to the target cell.
Vectors are agents that carry inoculum of a disease from one host plant to another.
Vectors are agents.
Vectors are also very important in dispersing the seeds.
Vectors are animals that transmit microbial disease-causing agents.
Vectors are animate insect intermediates.
Vectors are best just about everywhere else.
Vectors are better suited to graphics composed of basic shapes, as in a corporate logo.
Vectors are dependent if and only if they have a nonzero linear relation.
Vectors are DNA molecules originating from viruses, bacteria, and yeast cells.
Vectors are either in ascending order, descending order, or un-ordered.
Vectors are equal if they have the same magnitude and direction .
Vectors are essential to the development of new plants with flowers.
Vectors are essentially identical except for the orientation of the multiple cloning site region.
Vectors are far more efficient than grids.
Vectors are first rank tensors.
Vectors are fundamental in the physical sciences.
Vectors are like lists, but with some limitations and benefits.
Vectors are line segments drawn to represent both the magnitude and the direction of the quantity.
Vectors are lines defined by moving objects.
Vectors are lookup tables.
Vectors are mathematical curves and lines, and are thus scalable.
Vectors are more compact.
Vectors are order one tensors.
Vectors are organisms that carry pathogens from one host to another.
Vectors are part of root systems.
Vectors are plasmids of bacteria that normally infect plants.
Vectors are quantities that are fully described by both a magnitude and a direction.
Vectors are quantities which include a direction.
Vectors are quite useful in simplifying problems from three-dimensional geometry.
Vectors are several species of the mosquito genus Anopheles.
Vectors are SM's primary data type.
Vectors are special mathematical creatures that look like arrows.
Vectors are stable even when the DNA is subjected to freezing and heating.
Vectors are straight lines.
Vectors are tensors.
Vectors are the difference of two vertices, hence they point from one to the other.
Vectors are the mathematical instructions for creating an object.
Vectors are the mathmatical relationships that governs how the tools in Draw are used.
Vectors are the plasmids which are used in genetic engineering .
Vectors are the vehicles used to deliver genes into cells.
Vectors are things that can be added and scaled.
Vectors are tick, etc.
Vectors are used to show distances and directions.
Vectors are useful for describing forces and their effects.
Vectors are usually fleas, ticks or possibly misquotes.
Vectors are variables.
Vectors are vehicles into which healthy genes can be packaged and carried into human cells.
Vectors are very simple primitives, but, in combination, can create extremely complex images.
Vectors are viruses.
Vectors can be empty.
Vectors can be insects, birds, dogs, rodents, or vermin.
Vectors can be use to graphically represent the mathematics of motion.
Vectors can have various attributes such as line thickness, color and length.
Vectors can multiply in a number of ways.
Vectors can represent directions.
Vectors can store information about topology.
Vectors can therefore change size.
Vectors can transmit pathogens to humans through direct contact such as bites.
Vectors depict the forces and represent the inclination and magnitude of each force.
Vectors describe graphics according to their geometric characteristics.
Vectors Describe how to add vectors graphically.
Vectors Explain the difference between vector and scalar quantities.
Vectors Find the magnitude, direction and component form of displacement vectors.
Vectors have a direction and a magnitude.
Vectors have a length which is a real nonnegative number.
Vectors have a magnitude plus a direction.
Vectors have arrangements.
Vectors have both a magnitude and a direction.
Vectors have four characteristics.
Vectors have limitations.
Vectors have magnitude and direction .
Vectors have magnitude and direction, scalars only have magnitude.
Vectors have magnitude and direction.
Vectors have many uses in physics and other sciences.
Vectors have one dimension and can be of type char or int.
Vectors help answer that.
Vectors help determine total velocity Adding velocities at angles can be difficult.
Vectors help to determine the sum of velocities.
Vectors include wind.
Vectors indicate flow direction and speed.
Vectors indicate the direction and magnitude of the particle velocities.
Vectors is also a text editor so data files can be manually edited and output files viewed by it.
Vectors Learn about vectors the easy way.
Vectors Let's start off by creating something simple, like a vector.
Vectors look better.
Vectors match raster well.
Vectors measure displacements on a frame sampling grid.
Vectors meet at eigen-directions.
Vectors normally used are viruses, bacteria, and yeast cells.
Vectors play a major role in the construction of arrays.
Vectors pointing approximately to the right are green and vectors pointing to the left are magenta.
Vectors provide some distinct advantages over bitmap images, especially for use on the Web.
Vectors provide the storage locations that are protected by the procedure.
Vectors represent a stream of numbers.
Vectors represent the dimensions which contribute variation in an assembly.
Vectors transmit disease by biting an infected host and then biting an uninfected target.
Vectors use array subset notation.
Vectors use mathematical formulas to define shapes onscreen.
Vectors used in gene transfer include viral and non-viral methods.
Vectors used in genetic engineering can infect a wide range of species.
Vectors work well with pen and light-plotting devices and tablet digitizers.
Vectors usually bite at dusk and dawn.
All vector based systems are of Japanes origin.
All vectors are also linear combinations of basis vectors.
All vectors are column vectors unless explicitly written as transposed.
All vectors are column vectors.
All vectors are pairwise orthogonal.
All vectors are unit stride, unless otherwise indicated.
All vectors given in bold type is a generalized conic with n foci and a generalized radius r .
Every vector has a magnitude and a direction.
Every vector unites two ends.
Many vectors are actually viruses.
Many vectors have the same backbone or share common functional cassettes.
Most vectors have arrangements.
Most vectors have limitations.
Most Vectors have that 'tongue' facing in the right direction.
Some vectors also contain an intron which increases expression levels of many cDNAs.
Some vectors also contain functional transposable elements by design.
Some vectors contain vaccines.
Some vectors have ability.
Some vectors have characteristic equations.
Some vectors have equations.
Some vectors have habitat preference.
Some vectors have identities.
Some vectors have preference.
Some vectors have sequence identities.
Some vectors represent voltage.
Some vectors require additional software decoding to determine the cause of the interruption.
Vectored motion is used.
Vedalia beetle is the best natural control of the cottony cushion scale.
A vedalia is a ladybird beetle
Vedalia beetle normally flies into citrus orchards and fully controls the cottony cushion scale.
All Vedantic texts intimate identical devout meditations.
Vedic astrologers believe so.
Vedic culture is to conquer over the next birth, that's all.
Vedic things are usually very beautiful where possible, and although symmetrical, uneven.
Most vee racers know who builds hot engines and what it really cost to build one up.
A veery is a thrush
Veeries are the birds that sound as if they are whistling at one end of a big, long pipe.
Veeries are thrushs.
Veeries arrive during the first week.
Veeries nest here annually.
Veery is smaller, browner, lacks gray cheeks and has less spotting on the breast.
A veg is produce
VEG allows the scientist to incorporate historical databases into problem solving.
VEG also allows the scientist to incorporate historical databases into problem solving.
VEG also provides a classification algorithm that can learn new classes of surface features.
Veg is different, the plant just wants to grow as big and lovely as it can.
Most vegan foods are whole foods, and whole foods have much more flavor than refined foods.
A vegan is a vegetarian
Vegan cookies in classic flavors, like chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin with walnuts.
Vegans also avoid all dairy products and eggs.
Vegans also try to avoid wearing leather, wool etc.
Vegans are also at higher risk of vitamin A deficiency.
Vegans are also concerned with the environment.
Vegans are animals.
Vegans are at risk here of iodine deficiency and goiter.
Vegans are better off going somewhere else.
Vegans are different.
Vegans are extreme vegetarians and animal rights activists.
Vegans are from Venus and meat-eaters are from Mars.
Vegans are generally closer to their ideal weight.
Vegans are in terrible danger of vitamin deficiency.
Vegans are individuals who strive to do no harm towards animals.
Vegans are likely to have the toughest time of it, of course.
Vegans are most at risk but both classes are seriously at risk.
Vegans are outraged.
Vegans are people who follow a lifestyle that refrains from using any animal product.
Vegans are people.
Vegans are pretty much limited to bagels and fresh fruit.
Vegans are strict vegetarians who eat no animal foods whatsoever.
Vegans are the fastest growing segment of the vegetarian population.
Vegans are the strictest of all, eating no foods of animal origin whatsoever.
Vegans are vegans.
Vegans are vegetarians who also abstain from other animal products such as dairy and eggs.
Vegans are vegetarians who also abstain from other animal products such as eggs or dairy.
Vegans are vegetarians.
Vegans avoid all animal products, including eggs and dairy products.
Vegans avoid all animal products.
Vegans avoid both animal's milk and eggs.
Vegans avoid eating any food item which contains any form of animal by-product.
Vegans believe that raising animals for food is a wasteful and inefficient process.
Vegans can also get a variety of soya pudding, including soya rice pudding.
Vegans can ask that the cheese be left off.
Vegans can be deficient in proteins and fat.
Vegans can enjoy their veggie kabobs or the middle-eastern platter.
Vegans can get protein from soy milk,soy burgers, soy cheese,nuts etc.
Vegans can obtain adequate calcium from plant foods.
Vegans eat neither dairy products nor eggs.
Vegans eat neither eggs nor dairy products.
Vegans eat no animal by-products, no leather, fur, etc.
Vegans eat no animal hormones.
Vegans eat no animal products of any kind and exclude all dairy products and honey.
Vegans eat no animal products, no meat, fish or poultry, no eggs or dairy.
Vegans eat no animal products, obtaining their protein purely from vegetable sources.
Vegans eat no animal products.
Vegans eat no foods which come from animals.
Vegans eat only food of plant origin.
Vegans eat only plant foods, no eggs or dairy products.
Vegans eat only plant foods, predominantly fruits, vegetables, and grains.
Vegans eat only plants.
Vegans eat only vegetable matter and avoid using animal products.
Vegans exclude all animal foods and animal-derived foods from their diets.
Vegans exclude all animal foods.
Vegans exclude both eggs and dairy products.
Vegans get plenty.
Vegans go a step further by trying to have no animal products in their lives.
Vegans have a lot to choose from here, too.
Vegans have a tough time getting their calories.
Vegans have difficulty in Argentina, Mongolia, and some other locations.
Vegans have many benefits.
Vegans have the most limited diet.
Vegans have the most problems of all.
Vegans have to look carefully on labels, because eggs and milk are in many common daily foods.
Vegans say hens and cows are abused in the process of making eggs and milk.
Vegans see life as a phenomenon to be treasured, revered and respected.
Vegans stay away from animal products altogether.
Vegans take it a step farther and also abstain from other animal products such as eggs or dairy.
Vegans tend to gain weight more slowly than vegetarians, but it can happen.
Vegans tend to have low vitamin D intakes, fortified margarines being the main dietary source.
Vegans tend to have low Vitamin D intakes.
Vegans think that animals have rights just as human beings have rights.
Vegans truly stand for animal rights.
Vegans use the widely available alternatives that are animal-free.
Vegans often eat less calcium and vitamin D than do other people.
Vegans often eat less calcium and vitamin D than others.
Every vegan is a potential superstar, who brings a coherent philosophical commitment into play.
Every vegan is actually a faunivore.
Many vegans also avoid buying from or supporting companies that test on animals.
Many vegans also exclude honey from their diets.
Most vegans also have to take other supplements along with their food to ensure a healthy lifestyle.
Most vegans avoid leather, wool or silk clothing.
Most vegans take some type of vitamin or mineral supplementation.
Some vegans also avoid refined sugar and honey, so please consider an alternative sweetener.
Some vegans don t use honey as bees are sometimes killed after season.
Some vegans have criticism from the medical profession.
Vegatarian meals are also available.
Most vegetable adhesives are soluble or dispersive in water.
Vegetable beef seems to always been offered along with another variety.
Vegetable broth is very nourishing and is therefore helpful in keeping up the strength.
Vegetable broths are much more suitable.
Vegetable burgers are now more common on restaurant menus.
Vegetable capsules are easier to digest but cost a little more.
Most vegetable crops are sensitive to drought three to four weeks before and during harvest.
Most vegetable crops are sensitive to salinity.
Most vegetable crops are very susceptible to root-knot nematodes.
Most vegetable crops receive weekly liquid applications injected during growth and harvest periods.
Vegetable culture is similar to that of peanut.
Vegetable curries are delicious and typically low in fat.
Vegetable curry is a popular lunchtime dish in West Bengali.
Some vegetable diseases tend to be more pesky some years than others.
Vegetable dish is also popular in Korea.
Vegetable dishes are also popular in Korea.
Vegetable dishes are hot, crispy and good.
Vegetable dishes are numerous and exquisite .
Vegetable dye is supposedly the most enric hing treatment of all.
Vegetable dye is used in textile as well as food industries.
Vegetable dyes are reputedly better than chemical ones.
Vegetable elements absorb mineral elements, animals absorb plant elements.
Vegetable fats are generally unsaturated.
Vegetable fats are unsaturated.
Vegetable fats tend to be unsaturated and animal fats saturated.
Vegetable fats tend to be unsaturated.
Vegetable fats tend to lower it.
Most vegetable fats are also cis-oriented molecules.
Vegetable fiber is largely indigestible and unabsorbable and increases the bulk in our stools.
Vegetable foods are alkaline by nature.
Vegetable foods are the body builders.
Vegetable garden is very much the same too.
Vegetable gardens are also popular and seem do fine here.
Vegetable gardens are as diverse as family size and preferences.
Vegetable gardens are located in backyards.
Vegetable gardens are located in ranchs.
Vegetable gardens are located in soil.
Vegetable gardens are probably no more common on large farms than they are in the suburbs.
Vegetable gardens are used for eating.
Vegetable gardens die in rows as the roots are destroyed.
Vegetable gardens do more than replace lawn areas.
Vegetable gardens do well except for some of the hot weather varieties.
Vegetable gardens have bugs.
Vegetable gardens have impact.
Vegetable gardens look good.
Vegetable gardens use significant amounts of water, too.
Most vegetable gardens are neat rectangles with straight regimented rows.
Most vegetable gardens have impact.
Vegetable gardeners can choose from several different kinds of parsley, basil, mint and oregano.
Vegetable gardeners harvest roots.
Vegetable gardeners tend several popular crops, including tomatoes, beans, peppers and melons.
Vegetable gardeners tend to wear the evidence of their communing with nature on their hands.
Most vegetable gardeners harvest roots.
Vegetable gardening is a great hobby.
Vegetable gardening is a great way to grow vegetables.
Vegetable gardening is a growing and profitable interest.
Vegetable gardening is a wonderful learning experience.
Vegetable gardening is a year-round adventure in our region.
Vegetable gardening is active with good yields.
Vegetable gardening is an im- portant pursuit.
Vegetable gardening is difficult at best.
Vegetable gardening is work which rewards well.
Vegetable glycerine is highly refined.
Vegetable growers require a continuity of supply.
Vegetable growth is promoted.
Vegetable harvest continues.
Vegetable harvest is finished.
Vegetable harvests continue in later crops.
Vegetable initiative offers research, recommendations for Tennessee farmers.
Vegetable iron is harder to absorb.
Vegetable ivory is a seed
Vegetable ivory is smooth, takes a good polish, easily absorbs dyes, and is relatively inexpensive.
Vegetable ivory is used for buttons, toys, and cheap ivory goods.
Vegetable juice has calories.
Vegetable juice has properties.
Vegetable juices are also fresh squeezed, and there are protein drinks and seasonal smoothies.
Vegetable juices are lower in calories than fruit juices.
Vegetable juices contain- ing fixed oils.
Vegetable juices made from carrots, swedes, parsnips, make very good bases for blends.
Vegetable juices make a nice addition to soup stock.
Many vegetable juices are just as delicious as fruit juices.
Most vegetable juice has calories.
Most vegetable juice has properties.
Some vegetable juices are high in sodium.
Vegetable marrow is part of courgettes.
Most vegetable marrow is part of courgettes.
Vegetable material can also mimic tapeworm proglottids.
Some vegetable matter attracts insects.
Vegetable oil based soaps are quite widely available.
Vegetable oil is a common defoaming agent.
Vegetable oil is a homogeneous mixture.
Vegetable oil is absorbed better than mineral oil and animal oil better than vegetable.
Vegetable oil is edible fat
Vegetable oil is great for cooking french fries.
Vegetable oil is lighter.
Vegetable oil is really better.
Vegetable oil is the main market for sunflower in the U.S. and worldwide.
Vegetable oil is used in sponge type cakes and to make solid shortening and margarine.
Vegetable oil is used to fry the potatoes after they are thinly sliced.
Vegetable oil makes the crust cholesterol free.
Vegetable oil thickens more successfully than olive oil.
Vegetable oils are a source of food for both humans and animals.
Vegetable oils are inexpensive and easy to obtain.
Vegetable oils are lower in saturated fat, but still add fat calories.
Vegetable oils are secondary sources of fats and fatty acids and are almost as good.
Vegetable oils are the base for margarines.
Vegetable oils are the principal source of fats in many diets.
Vegetable oils are the principal sources of linoleic and linolenic acids.
Vegetable oils contain essential fatty acids, vitamins and minerals.
Vegetable oils contain just as much fat as animal fats.
Vegetable oils have a much higher autoignition temperature.
Vegetable oils help reduce VOCs.
Vegetable oils supply an abundance.
Vegetable oils supply important tocopherol for the diet.
Vegetable oils supply smaller amounts of saturated fat.
Vegetable oils tend to become gummy and resist attempts to properly clean wood surfaces.
All vegetable oils are cholesterol free, but they are still pure fat.
All vegetable oils are devoid of vitamin A activity with the exception of red palm oil.
All vegetable oils are low in saturated fat.
All vegetable oils are low in saturated fats.
All vegetable oils are pure fat, and all are combinations of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids.
All vegetable oils help lower blood cholesterol levels.
Many vegetable oils are natural sunscreens.
Some vegetable oil combines with gases.
Some vegetable oil comes from oil palms.
Some vegetable oil comes from palms.
Some vegetable oil obtains from seeds.
Most vegetable operations use either overhead irrigation or the float system.
Vegetable parchment is paper treated to make it tough, translucent, and impervious to water.
Vegetable peelers come in many designs and are made from a variety of materials.
Vegetable plants go through several stages.
Vegetable plants go through stages.
Vegetable plants grow better in full sunlight.
Vegetable plants require amounts.
Vegetable plants require more light than many exotic plants, for instance.
Vegetable plants thrive in a loose, well drained, sandy loam.
Most vegetable plants go through several stages.
Most vegetable plants go through stages.
Most vegetable plants require amounts.
Vegetable producers sell their vegetables in baskets.
Vegetable products are always free of any cholesterol.
Most vegetable products contain some thiamine.
Vegetable production is a large seasonal employer.
Vegetable production is much more profitable than rice production.
Vegetable production is of significant economic importance in Canada.
Vegetable protein constitutes the main source of protein in the Turkish national diet.
Vegetable protein is an incomplete protein.
Vegetable protein is best for mineral absorption and bone density.
Vegetable proteins give rise to the least amount of acid.
Vegetable proteins raise cholesterol less than animal proteins.
Vegetable quality affects length of storage.
Vegetable quantity has to be increased.
Vegetable rennet is used instead.
Vegetable seeds are sown for immediate germination in the season appropriate for the crop.
Vegetable seeds produce food.
Most vegetable seeds germinate in three to six days.
Most vegetable seeds produce food.
Most vegetable seeds remain viable for three to five years when stored properly.
Vegetable sex is sex with vegetables and anal objects, weird objects, vegetables.
Vegetable shortening is halal.
Vegetable shortening performs like lard with less saturated fat.
Vegetable shortenings are a blend of many types of vegetable oils.
Vegetable soup contains broths.
Vegetable soup contains chicken broths.
Vegetable soup is a great way to use leftovers in the refrigerator.
Vegetable soup is an ideal hot treat in winter.
Vegetable soup is served every day, along with a soup of the day.
Vegetable soup is soup
Vegetable soup is very common and there are many different versions.
Most vegetable soup contains broths.
Most vegetable soup contains chicken broths.
Some vegetable soup contains dandelions.
Vegetable squash is liked as much for it's novelty as it is for it's taste.
Vegetable tags have to be one of the most important.
Vegetable tanning prevents the skin from decay and shrinkage.
Vegetable variety is also important for young children.
Vegetable washes are an option to help clean away dirt and chemicals.
Vegetable waste consists of an assortment of brassicas and discarded leaf matter.
Vegetable weevils are more of a problem in the high rainfall areas.
A vegetable is produce
Vegetable contain fat in the form of vegetable oils.
Vegetable isa matter.
Vegetable produce ample.
Vegetable remains are a rarity in Palaeolithic contexts.
Vegetable starts and flowers plus perennial.
Vegetable starts, herbs, annuals, perinnels, shrubs, trees and bulbs.
Vegetables absorb mineral goodness as they grow and animals digest it through their diet.
Vegetables add an extra crunch.
Vegetables add color, nutrient value, texture and visual appeal to our meals.
Vegetables add fiber to the diet and make it easier to digest the matza.
Vegetables add taste, color, texture, and nutritional value to many favorite meals.
Vegetables affect digestion.
Vegetables also contain a wide variety of antioxidants and other disease-fighting compounds.
Vegetables also contain carbohydrates, but in small amounts.
Vegetables also contain most of the hazardous substances found in meat.
Vegetables also contain protein, but in smaller amounts.
Vegetables also contain some carbs, but foods in the meat and fat groups contain very little carb.
Vegetables also have fiber, which helps regulate children's bowel habits.
Vegetables also provide fiber to aid in elimination of body wastes.
Vegetables also provide protein, vitamins, minerals, essential fatty acids, fiber, etc.
Vegetables also provide the body with energy-producing carbohydrates, as well as fiber.
Vegetables also take time and effort to prepare.
Vegetables also work well in parchment, alone or combined with proteins.
Vegetables are a dream when cooked in the microwave.
Vegetables are a fantastic source of vitamins and fiber.
Vegetables are a good choice and are a good source of nutrients and fiber.
Vegetables are a good choice for young children.
Vegetables are a good source of key nutrients such as vitamin A, vitamin C and fiber.
Vegetables are a good source of total dietary fiber and rich in soluble fiber .
Vegetables are a good source of vitamins and minerals.
Vegetables are a healthful snack.
Vegetables are a healthy snack food instead of high fat or high calorie foods.
Vegetables are a highlight, but the mashed potatoes fall a little short.
Vegetables are a major source of nutrition.
Vegetables are a minor part of the diet.
Vegetables are a nutritious addition to any diet.
Vegetables are a source of incomplete protein.
Vegetables are a very important part of our diet.
Vegetables are a wonderful snack.
Vegetables are a wonderful source of vitamins, calcium and iron.
Vegetables are abundant in familiar and unknown varieties.
Vegetables are acceptable in limited quantities.
Vegetables are actually a better source of iron than meat.
Vegetables are added to make a stew and the flavors are left to blend for several hours.
Vegetables are also a good source of fiber which aids in digestion.
Vegetables are also a good source of protein.
Vegetables are also a main staple of the diet.
Vegetables are also brighter and retain more vitamins than with other cooking methods.
Vegetables are also naturally high in fiber.
Vegetables are always crisp and never overcooked.
Vegetables are always fresh and never cooked plain.
Vegetables are always fresh and served at their perfect peak.
Vegetables are an essential component of a healthful human diet.
Vegetables are an essential part of guinea pigs' diet.
Vegetables are an excellent, low-calorie source of vitamins, minerals, and fiber.
Vegetables are an important part in increasing the eye appeal along with the taste.
Vegetables are an important part of everyones diet.
Vegetables are another good choice.
Vegetables are another problem.
Vegetables are another story.
Vegetables are available fresh, in cans, frozen, or as ingredients in soup.
Vegetables are basic to Chinese cooking and are found in some form in most dishes.
Vegetables are best fed raw.
Vegetables are best lightly cooked or even eaten raw.
Vegetables are bulky.
Vegetables are crisp and fresh.
Vegetables are easy to do in the smoker.
Vegetables are easy to grow from seed, with the exception of tomatoes and peppers.
Vegetables are edibles.
Vegetables are especially good for older turtles.
Vegetables are especially nutrient dense.
Vegetables are exorbitant in price.
Vegetables are extremely protective against cancers.
Vegetables are food.
Vegetables are from the local gardens, and herbs and spices are both exotic and local.
Vegetables are from their own organic garden.
Vegetables are generally low in calories and help diabetics lose weight.
Vegetables are genrally a good source of calcium, and green beans, in particular are a good source.
Vegetables are good, fresh or frozen, and served with a sauce or just butter and salt and papper.
Vegetables are great on sandwiches, in soups or as snacks.
Vegetables are green things, rice and coffee beans.
Vegetables are green.
Vegetables are groceries.
Vegetables are healthy for everyone, including people with diabetes.
Vegetables are herbaceous plants that can be eaten whole or in part.
Vegetables are herbs.
Vegetables are high in fiber.
Vegetables are high in vitamins and minerals.
Vegetables are hugely important in Sicily.
Vegetables are important because they provide the body with many vitamins and minerals.
Vegetables are important to get enough vitamins for health.
Vegetables are in most soups.
Vegetables are in short supply, particularly in big cities.
Vegetables are in the next level of the food pyramid.
Vegetables are interesting but lack a sense of purpose when unaccompanied by a good cut of meat.
Vegetables are key.
Vegetables are like a broom, they sweep away the dirt.
Vegetables are limited to cherry tomato, pepper and okra.
Vegetables are local, grown by island farmers.
Vegetables are located in cans.
Vegetables are located in fridges.
Vegetables are located in gardens.
Vegetables are located in markets.
Vegetables are located in refrigerators.
Vegetables are located in supermarkets.
Vegetables are located in vegetable gardens.
Vegetables are low in calories and high in vitamins.
Vegetables are low in calories.
Vegetables are low in fat and calories.
Vegetables are low in fat and have no cholesterol.
Vegetables are low in fat and provide fiber to the diet.
Vegetables are low in protein and the protein they do contain is of less value than animal protein.
Vegetables are low in sodium.
Vegetables are low in sugar and acid, which increases the risks for food spoilage.
Vegetables are low in sugar and acid.
Vegetables are low salt.
Vegetables are most nutritious when eaten raw.
Vegetables Are Murder .
Vegetables are naturally low in fat and sodium, and also provide fiber.
Vegetables are next, following the grains.
Vegetables are often attractive plants.
Vegetables are other plant parts.
Vegetables are our friends, like the nautilus and spandex.
Vegetables are outstanding here.
Vegetables are part of herbs.
Vegetables are particularly rich in vitamins and minerals.
Vegetables are passed in the same fashion.
Vegetables are peaceful living things that do no harm.
Vegetables are picked, rinsed if needed, cooled, then packed into wax boxes.
Vegetables are plant matter.
Vegetables are plants.
Vegetables are plentiful at Belgrade's farmers market.
Vegetables are powerhouses of vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals and fiber.
Vegetables are present in all regions and almost every single country.
Vegetables are probably the hardest yakitori foods to get right, easy to over or undercook.
Vegetables are produce.
Vegetables are quite good when served at room temperature.
Vegetables are ready when potatoes are tender.
Vegetables are rich in certain classes of phytochemicals.
Vegetables are rich in fiber, antioxidants and many nutrients that are important for the human body.
Vegetables are rich in vitamins, minerals, and fiber.
Vegetables are scarce other than turnips and mustard greens, with a few other specialties thrown in.
Vegetables are seemingly neutral when it comes to song writing.
Vegetables are stodgy, and anything fancy is risky.
Vegetables are structures that develop from one of the the three vegetative organs.
Vegetables are susceptible to several foliage, fruit, and root pathogens.
Vegetables are tasty and productive.
Vegetables are tasty.
Vegetables are the edible parts of garden plants.
Vegetables are the first interest for some gardeners and the only one for others.
Vegetables are the foods most likely to be shunned by children.
Vegetables are the main agricultural industry.
Vegetables are the mainstay of a healthy diet.
Vegetables are the major dietary source of beta carotene.
Vegetables are the most abundant sources of folate, particularly green leafy vegetables and beans.
Vegetables are the root, stem or leaf of a plant.
Vegetables are the star focus, however.
Vegetables are the weak link, tending toward overcooked and pasty.
Vegetables are their only food.
Vegetables are then ready to blanch.
Vegetables are to be avoided whenever possible.
Vegetables are tubers.
Vegetables are usually a savory or maincourse food.
Vegetables are usually available at stores fully ripe.
Vegetables are varied and fresh.
Vegetables are versatile, nutritious, colorful and flavorful.
Vegetables are very good.
Vegetables are very important, too, especially leafy green ones.
Vegetables are very important.
Vegetables are vital.
Vegetables are well tolerated, steamed and spicy, with minimal salt.
Vegetables are what food eats.
Vegetables are wonderful when grilled.
Vegetables behave in the same way.
Vegetables belonging to the cabbage family are at the top of the list.
Vegetables can absorb the metals into their root system, contaminating the entire plant.
Vegetables can also be a good source if grown in selenium-rich soils.
Vegetables can also help.
Vegetables can also mingle with flowers in pots on a patio or deck.
Vegetables can also provide almost all the nutrients that a body needs.
Vegetables can be a beautiful, ornate, showy and delicious gardening experience.
Vegetables can be a treat for the eyes, as well as the palate.
Vegetables can be a treat if they are part of a favorite meal.
Vegetables can be as filling as flavorful as any piece of meat, especially when cooked on the grill.
Vegetables can be fresh or frozen, canned low sodium is also acceptable.
Vegetables can be further sub-divided by type, e.g. leafy, legumes, fruit, and root.
Vegetables can be more of a challenge.
Vegetables can be stir-fried in water instead of oil to keep colors bright and flavors fresh.
Vegetables can contain iron.
Vegetables can have beneficial effects.
Vegetables can have effects.
Vegetables can have similar beneficial effects.
Vegetables can have similar effects.
Vegetables can include chopped mushrooms, scallions or grilled vegetables.
Vegetables can include tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers, and onions.
Vegetables combine well with animal protein.
Vegetables combine well with legumes and beans.
Vegetables combine well with non-gluten grains.
Vegetables combine well with nuts and seeds.
Vegetables come alive with a squeeze of lemon instead of salt.
Vegetables contain active enzymes.
Vegetables contain amounts.
Vegetables contain calcium also.
Vegetables contain compounds.
Vegetables contain enzymes.
Vegetables contain essential minerals.
Vegetables contain many biologically active components.
Vegetables contain many other phytochemicals that are known to prevent heart attacks and cancers.
Vegetables contain minerals.
Vegetables contain more nutrients than fruits, and less sugar.
Vegetables contain much water and woody fiber.
Vegetables contain no cholesterol.
Vegetables contain nutrient compounds.
Vegetables contain nutrients.
Vegetables contain phytochemicals that appear protective against colorectal cancer.
Vegetables contain so many substances that nobody knows for sure which ones truly prevent disease.
Vegetables contain starches.
Vegetables contain sulfur compounds.
Vegetables contain very little fats and skunks are mainly vegetarians.
Vegetables contain vitamins, minerals, and other nutrients that include anti-cancer substances.
Vegetables contain vitamins.
Vegetables continue to carry on life processes even after picking.
Vegetables continue to cook a short time after being microwaved.
Vegetables continue to grow.
Vegetables cook very quickly in the pressure cooker.
Vegetables demand a well prepared soft in full sun.
Vegetables demand good drainage.
Vegetables differ in their nutrient or fertilizer requirements.
Vegetables do well when planted in early spring to take advantage of mild weather.
Vegetables dread with no punishment yet complain chain links.
Vegetables Eat four servings a day of crunchy greens, carrots, tomatoes, and other veggies.
Vegetables freeze best when they are blanched, dipped in boiling water, then quickly cooled.
Vegetables generally contain much less.
Vegetables germinate at different rates.
Vegetables go along a conveyor belt being scanned by cameras.
Vegetables grow along the side of the house.
Vegetables grow best in rich soil in at least six hours of direct sun.
Vegetables grow in countries.
Vegetables grow in fields right off the highway.
Vegetables grow in gardens.
Vegetables grow in gardens.
Vegetables grow in private gardens.
Vegetables growing underground are the depository of countless very small creatures.
Vegetables grown are mainly carrots, beans and brussel sprouts.
Vegetables grown in contaminated soil can absorb chemicals.
Vegetables grown in gardens are unlikely to have significant PCB levels.
Vegetables grown in Tennessee are under the constant threat of disease.
Vegetables grown without the use of pesticides are tastier and healthier.
Vegetables harvested in Tennessee are in the stores one to two days after harvest.
Vegetables have a variety of end uses.
Vegetables have almost no saturated fat and no cholesterol.
Vegetables have as much to offer as fruit.
Vegetables have carbohydrates.
Vegetables have color.
Vegetables have components.
Vegetables have even more.
Vegetables have fields.
Vegetables have flavor.
Vegetables have high values.
Vegetables have more fiber and less of a sugar content, generally.
Vegetables have neither the neutrality nor the texture of raw fish.
Vegetables have no carnitine.
Vegetables have no cholesterol.
Vegetables have no rights.
Vegetables have properties.
Vegetables have rations.
Vegetables have rich color.
Vegetables have several good properties.
Vegetables have their own special flavors.
Vegetables Have three to five servings per day.
Vegetables have to be cleaned, peeled and cut up for serving.
Vegetables have to be washed carefully and meat and chicken thoroughly cooked.
Vegetables have values.
Vegetables help bone health.
Vegetables help health.
Vegetables here are never an afterthought, but rather an integral part of the main courses.
Vegetables hold a significant position in the hierarchy of Jordanian food.
Vegetables improve taste.
Vegetables include broccolis.
Vegetables include cabbages.
Vegetables loose their taste and quality if left too long on the plant.
Vegetables lose some vitamins just by sitting around.
Vegetables lose water because they are alive and respiring.
Vegetables maintain their color and flavor.
Vegetables make nice prints for paper placemats.
Vegetables may have benefits.
Vegetables may have health benefits.
Vegetables may have other benefits.
Vegetables may have other health benefits.
Vegetables mix with vegetables.
Vegetables mount firmly in the teeth of the crank.
Vegetables naturally vary with region and ,season.
Vegetables need nutrients.
Vegetables now exceed coffee as the leading and fastest growing import.
Vegetables oblige up one event unless attract casinos.
Vegetables offer benefits.
Vegetables offer health benefits.
Vegetables offer tangible benefits.
Vegetables offer tangible health benefits.
Vegetables offer vitamins, minerals, and fibre in a variety of flavours and textures.
Vegetables offset costs, feed citizens.
Vegetables peak out of serving bins, looking green and freshly stir-fried.
Vegetables play a very important role in Italian cuisine.
Vegetables play an important role in human nutrition.
Vegetables play an important role in Mexican cuisine.
Vegetables prevent cancer.
Vegetables primarily contain monounsaturated fat and polyunsaturated fat.
Vegetables promise better than average.
Vegetables provide a great source of vitamins and minerals for parakeets.
Vegetables provide a variety of vitamins and minerals essential for health.
Vegetables provide carbohydrates.
Vegetables provide healthy doses of various vitamins, antioxidants and fiber.
Vegetables provide many minerals, vitamins, enzymes and medicinal substances.
Vegetables provide necessary nutrients.
Vegetables provide nourishment.
Vegetables provide nutrients.
Vegetables provide plenty of essential nutrients and fiber and are virtually calorie-free.
Vegetables provide small amounts of protein.
Vegetables provide starch, fiber, protein, vitamins, and minerals.
Vegetables provide use with many vitamins and minerals.
Vegetables provide varying amounts of other vitamins and minerals, too.
Vegetables provide vitamin A, vitamin C, folate, some calcium and some iron, plus potassium.
Vegetables provide vitamins and minerals.
Vegetables Remove any remaining flowers from summer vegetable plants.
Vegetables require a consistent supply of water to perform their best.
Vegetables require a lot more labor and management.
Vegetables require at least six hours of direct sun each day.
Vegetables require at least six hours of direct sunlight each day.
Vegetables require full sun for optimum growth.
Vegetables require good husbandry.
Vegetables require the best of soils and irrigation.
Vegetables result in reductions.
Vegetables retain moisture.
Vegetables sing to lots place that burn kidney dialysis.
Vegetables sing to lots place that burn kidney disease.
Vegetables soak in a barrel of salt water.
Vegetables start losing enzymes from the moment they re picked.
Vegetables stay crunchy and healthful.
Vegetables stimulate the secretive functions of various glands within the body.
Vegetables stir fried in hot classic Indonesian sauce.
Vegetables supply nutrients that are important for growth and development.
Vegetables supply the carbohydrates.
Vegetables take on a supplemental role.
Vegetables take up a lot of space for the number of fruits they provide.
Vegetables Talk about different vegetables.
Vegetables tend to shrink when they get cooked.
Vegetables thrive in full sunlight.
Vegetables Use a mix of vegetables, some for seasoning, and some for bulk.
Vegetables vary according to the different regions and the season.
Vegetables vary in their ability to grow in cool and warm temperatures.
Vegetables usually rattle when they are dry.
Vegetables usually take less than two to three minutes.
All vegetables are eaten with the fork, so also jellies, chutney, etc., served with the meat course.
All vegetables are good for their teeth and vitamin.
All vegetables are potentially acceptable.
All vegetables are sources of fiber.
All vegetables benefit from proper post harvest care.
All vegetables contain protein and too much protein consumption is unhealthy.
All vegetables do well in containers.
All vegetables have plenty of protein.
All vegetables lose some of their nutrient value in any kind of cooking.
All vegetables provide a variety of different nutrients.
Every vegetable has different needs.
Every vegetable is chilled.
Many vegetables actually produce and taste better when grown in the cool days of autumn.
Many vegetables are also high in vitamin C, and can help prevent cancer of the throat and stomach.
Many vegetables are available in canned form, also ravioli and stews.
Many vegetables are closely related and have the same pests.
Many vegetables are good stir fried.
Many vegetables are herbaceous plants.
Many vegetables are most susceptible to aphid damage during the seedling stage.
Many vegetables are naturally delicious, but some get even better when seasoned properly.
Many vegetables are ornamental in appearance.
Many vegetables are rich in fiber, minerals, iron, calcium, and vitamins.
Many vegetables are rich in vitamin C and other antioxidants.
Many vegetables are unique to foreign countries.
Many vegetables are well suited to container growth.
Many vegetables contain all of the protein that the body needs.
Many vegetables contain indigestible carbohydrate, welcomed by the colon flora.
Many vegetables have nematode resistance and are readily available for the home gardener.
Many vegetables have ornamental, as well as food value.
Many vegetables lose their fresh flavor during drying.
Many vegetables provide large quantities of produce within a very narrow window of time.
Many vegetables taste good raw.
Most vegetables affect digestion.
Most vegetables are actually very attractive plants which produce flowers before fruiting.
Most vegetables are annuals.
Most vegetables are best when harvested fresh and used promptly.
Most vegetables are botanical fruits that develop from flowers on the plants.
Most vegetables are day neutral.
Most vegetables are fine for stir frying.
Most vegetables are high in fiber, low in sugar, and almost all are rich in complex carbohydrates.
Most vegetables are low in fat and calories, and they re full of vitamins and fiber.
Most vegetables are low in fat and calories, and they're full of vitamins and fiber.
Most vegetables are low in fat and calories.
Most vegetables are quick-growing crops.
Most vegetables are rather shallow-rooted.
Most vegetables are stems, leaves, or roots.
Most vegetables are yummy raw, chopped small, or grated in salads.
Most vegetables benefit from a light smoke flavor.
Most vegetables benefit from an inch or more water each week, especially when they are fruiting.
Most vegetables can be vacuum-packed, giving a longer shelf life to our products.
Most vegetables can have beneficial effects.
Most vegetables can have effects.
Most vegetables can have similar beneficial effects.
Most vegetables can have similar effects.
Most vegetables contain a small amount of plant lignins.
Most vegetables contain active enzymes.
Most vegetables contain amounts.
Most vegetables contain compounds.
Most vegetables contain enzymes.
Most vegetables contain essential minerals.
Most vegetables contain minerals.
Most vegetables contain nutrient compounds.
Most vegetables contain nutrients.
Most vegetables contain starches.
Most vegetables contain sulfur compounds.
Most vegetables contain vitamins.
Most vegetables enjoy full or at least partial sun.
Most vegetables germinate readily, however.
Most vegetables grow best in slightly acid soil, and vine crops are no exception.
Most vegetables grow best on neutral soil.
Most vegetables grow in countries.
Most vegetables grow in gardens.
Most vegetables grow in private gardens.
Most vegetables have a high fiber content.
Most vegetables have carbohydrates.
Most vegetables have color.
Most vegetables have components.
Most vegetables have few.
Most vegetables have fields.
Most vegetables have flavor.
Most vegetables have high values.
Most vegetables have properties.
Most vegetables have rations.
Most vegetables have rich color.
Most vegetables have several good properties.
Most vegetables have some acid which slows the growth of bacteria.
Most vegetables have values.
Most vegetables have very little carbohydrate.
Most vegetables help bone health.
Most vegetables help health.
Most vegetables improve taste.
Most vegetables lose quality quickly after harvest.
Most vegetables offer benefits.
Most vegetables offer health benefits.
Most vegetables offer tangible benefits.
Most vegetables offer tangible health benefits.
Most vegetables prefer full sun, although leafy greens can be grown with half a day of sun.
Most vegetables prefer several hours of direct sunlight each day.
Most vegetables prefer sunny locations with little or no shade.
Most vegetables prevent cancer.
Most vegetables provide carbohydrates.
Most vegetables provide necessary nutrients.
Most vegetables provide nourishment.
Most vegetables provide nutrients.
Most vegetables require blanching.
Most vegetables require food.
Most vegetables require full sunlight.
Most vegetables require high humidities.
Most vegetables require moisture to a depth of six to eight inches.
Most vegetables require six hours of sunlight per day.
Most vegetables respond to water deficit with reduced yield and quality.
Most vegetables result in reductions.
Most vegetables retain moisture.
Most vegetables show a decrease in yield with increasing salt levels.
Some vegetable are excellent when rehydrated in milk.
Some vegetables add proteins.
Some vegetables also contain fiber.
Some vegetables are dangerous for babies because they have high amounts of nitrates.
Some vegetables are easier to cross then others.
Some vegetables are more highly perishable than others.
Some vegetables are more tolerant of salty areas in the garden.
Some vegetables are o.k., so long as they're floating in a pool of butter.
Some vegetables are of superior quality while others are inferior.
Some vegetables are part of bananas.
Some vegetables are part of basils.
Some vegetables are part of beets.
Some vegetables are part of belladonna.
Some vegetables are part of bloodroots.
Some vegetables are part of bloodworts.
Some vegetables are part of bluebells.
Some vegetables are part of buttercups.
Some vegetables are part of cardamoms.
Some vegetables are part of cereals.
Some vegetables are part of clover.
Some vegetables are part of cordgrasses.
Some vegetables are part of corn.
Some vegetables are part of dandelions.
Some vegetables are part of dill.
Some vegetables are part of fireweeds.
Some vegetables are part of foxgloves.
Some vegetables are part of geraniums.
Some vegetables are part of gingers.
Some vegetables are part of grass.
Some vegetables are part of herbages.
Some vegetables are part of herbs.
Some vegetables are part of legumes.
Some vegetables are part of lettuce.
Some vegetables are part of marjorams.
Some vegetables are part of milkweeds.
Some vegetables are part of milos.
Some vegetables are part of mint.
Some vegetables are part of oats.
Some vegetables are part of pansies.
Some vegetables are part of parsleys.
Some vegetables are part of peanuts.
Some vegetables are part of peppermints.
Some vegetables are part of pineapples.
Some vegetables are part of plantains.
Some vegetables are part of popcorn.
Some vegetables are part of reeds.
Some vegetables are part of rosemaries.
Some vegetables are part of sangs.
Some vegetables are part of saxifrages.
Some vegetables are part of shamrocks.
Some vegetables are part of sundews.
Some vegetables are part of violet.
Some vegetables are part of wheat.
Some vegetables are part of worts.
Some vegetables are so plain.
Some vegetables are spinach , carrots , onions , peppers , and broccoli .
Some vegetables are spinach, carrots, onions, peppers, and broccoli.
Some vegetables are very good sources of the mineral iron.
Some vegetables are very prone to increased levels of UV light.
Some vegetables attract pests.
Some vegetables belong to cabbage families.
Some vegetables belong to families.
Some vegetables belong to lily families.
Some vegetables belong to sunflower families.
Some vegetables benefit from a sidedressing of fertilizer during the growing season.
Some vegetables come from salad.
Some vegetables contain a larger amount of carbohydrate thus increasing calories.
Some vegetables contain a larger amount of carbohydrate.
Some vegetables contain acid.
Some vegetables contain amino acid asparagines.
Some vegetables contain asparagines.
Some vegetables contain calcium.
Some vegetables contain carotenoids.
Some vegetables contain chemicals.
Some vegetables contain irons.
Some vegetables contain polysaccharides.
Some vegetables contain products.
Some vegetables contain proteins.
Some vegetables contain salt.
Some vegetables contain sodium salt.
Some vegetables contain sodium.
Some vegetables contain soy products.
Some vegetables contain sulfur.
Some vegetables contain vitamin E which is also an antioxidant.
Some vegetables have a short harvest season.
Some vegetables have calcium.
Some vegetables have concentration.
Some vegetables have levels.
Some vegetables have places.
Some vegetables have shapes which are suggestive to the imagination.
Some vegetables have shields.
Some vegetables help blood pressure.
Some vegetables help breast cancer.
Some vegetables help cancer.
Some vegetables help growth.
Some vegetables help intestines.
Some vegetables help lower blood pressure.
Some vegetables help lower pressure.
Some vegetables help lung cancer cancer.
Some vegetables help pressure.
Some vegetables help prevent breast cancer.
Some vegetables help prevent cancer.
Some vegetables help toxins.
Some vegetables make up diets.
Some vegetables make up nutritious diets.
Some vegetables mature so rapidly that they take up garden space for only a short time.
Some vegetables produce fluid.
Some vegetables produce seeds in a fleshy fruit, such as watermelon and tomato.
Some vegetables provide calcium.
Some vegetables provide fiber.
Some vegetables require less space than others.
Some vegetables require pressure canning to avoid the threat of botulism.
Some vegetables sell better than others.
Some vegetables serve with meals.
Some vegetables transplant to the field more easily than others.
Some vegetables used are cucumber, black mushroom and bamboo shoots.
Some vegetal elements distract from an otherwise superb bouquet.
Vegetal fibers burn easily to a fine ash.
Vegetal motifs are the primary design on the outer arcade.
Vegetarian alternatives are always available.
Vegetarian alternatives are available at all times.
Vegetarian alternatives are available at each meal.
Vegetarian alternatives are available for students who sign up as a vegetarian on their health form.
Vegetarian alternatives are available for the asking.
Vegetarian alternatives are standard.
Vegetarian animals drink water with the lips, whereas meat-eaters use their tongue.
Vegetarian animals have more plumbing and another stomach called a rumen.
All vegetarian animals have abundant sweat glands.
Vegetarian breakfasts are a speciality.
Vegetarian breakfasts are available on request.
Vegetarian breakfasts are available.
Vegetarian burgers are also available.
Vegetarian cheese is made from rennet using a microbial source.
Vegetarian cheese is made with rennet from a microbial source.
Vegetarian cheese is produced using microbial or fungal enzymes.
Vegetarian cheeses are widely available in supermarkets and health food stores.
Vegetarian children grow more slowly than meat-eaters.
Vegetarian children have diets that are much higher in fiber than non-vegetarian children.
Some vegetarian children eat fruits, vegetables, breads, butter, cheese, and milk.
Vegetarian choices abound.
Vegetarian choices are also available at Halal.
Vegetarian choices are also available.
Vegetarian choices are always available.
Vegetarian choices are available and other diets can be catered for by arrangement.
Vegetarian choices are available.
Vegetarian choices are limited but enticing.
Vegetarian choices are on the menu every day.
Vegetarian choices are widely available.
Many vegetarian cooks suggest replacing the ham or turkey with a meatless substitute.
Vegetarian cookbooks are a great source of inspiration.
Vegetarian cookbooks have great recipes for spreads.
Vegetarian cookbooks have many good recipes for meatless meals, e.g., chili, lasagna.
Most vegetarian cookbooks depend upon milk and yogurt.
Vegetarian cooking can open up a whole new world of tastes for the uninitiated.
Vegetarian cooking is our specialty.
Vegetarian cuisine is a speciality of the house.
Vegetarian cuisine is also available.
Vegetarian cuisine is also very popular and generally offered as an alternative at meals.
Vegetarian curries aplenty provide yet another option.
Vegetarian diet can also respond to arthritis, asthma and many allergies.
Vegetarian diet causes blindness in woman.
Vegetarian diet consists of green plants.
Vegetarian diet eases arthritis .
Vegetarian diet helps to maintain a peaceful state of mind.
Vegetarian diet is also high in fibre, another substance that detoxifies the body.
Vegetarian diet provides the required substances for a healthy life.
Vegetarian diets are also available.
Vegetarian diets are compatible with health for persons of all ages.
Vegetarian diets are generally high in both soluble and insoluble fiber.
Vegetarian diets are generally lower in fat, sodium and cholesterol than the average diet.
Vegetarian diets are great for athletes.
Vegetarian diets are high in fibre and the iron and zinc present is poorly available.
Vegetarian diets are low in fat.
Vegetarian diets are naturally low in fat.
Vegetarian diets are notoriously low in protein.
Vegetarian diets are often protein deficient.
Vegetarian diets are popular.
Vegetarian diets are quite a bit higher in iron than omnivore diets.
Vegetarian diets are typically lower in saturated fat and cholesterol.
Vegetarian diets are usually higher in fiber than non-vegetarian diets.
Vegetarian diets can be healthful and nutritionally adequate when appropriately planned.
Vegetarian diets can be healthful and nutritionally adequate, but it needs to properly planned.
Vegetarian diets can be healthful for people of all ages, including infants and toddlers.
Vegetarian diets can be healthful for people of all ages.
Vegetarian diets can be healthy, but they take planning.
Vegetarian diets can be very healthy and more than adequate in terms of protein.
Vegetarian diets can provide adequate iron if the proper foods are eaten.
Vegetarian diets consist of fresh vegetables.
Vegetarian diets consist of meat.
Vegetarian diets consist of vegetables.
Vegetarian diets contain proteins.
Vegetarian diets differ from one child to another.
Vegetarian diets encompass a wide variety of eating patterns.
Vegetarian diets encourage wiser use of our animal resources.
Vegetarian diets encourage wiser use of our land.
Vegetarian diets have b vitamins.
Vegetarian diets have vitamins.
Vegetarian diets help weight.
Vegetarian diets include dairy products.
Vegetarian diets include food.
Vegetarian diets include fortify food.
Vegetarian diets include fruit.
Vegetarian diets include meat.
Vegetarian diets include milk.
Vegetarian diets include plant food.
Vegetarian diets include products.
Vegetarian diets offer protection against chronic disease in a number of ways.
Vegetarian diets provide intake.
Vegetarian diets put less strain on the environment.
Vegetarian diets reduce cholesterol.
Vegetarian diets support development.
Vegetarian diets tend to be high in bulk and relatively low in calories.
Vegetarian diets tend to be lower in fat than omnivore diets.
Vegetarian diets tend to be lower in total fat.
Vegetarian diets tend to contribute more fiber and less cholesterol than meat based diets.
Vegetarian diets use as little as one quarter the resources required to produce animal food.
Vegetarian diets vary considerably depending on the degree of dietary restrictions.
Every vegetarian diet is included in that group.
Most vegetarian diets are low in or devoid of animal products.
Most vegetarian diets consist of fresh vegetables.
Most vegetarian diets consist of meat.
Most vegetarian diets consist of vegetables.
Most vegetarian diets contain proteins.
Most vegetarian diets have b vitamins.
Most vegetarian diets have vitamins.
Most vegetarian diets help weight.
Most vegetarian diets provide intake.
Most vegetarian diets reduce cholesterol.
Most vegetarian diets support development.
Most vegetarian diets tend to be high in bulk and low in fat.
Some vegetarian diets consist of grain.
Some vegetarian diets consist of strictly raw foods.
Some vegetarian diets consist of whole grain.
Some vegetarian diets have effects.
Some vegetarian diets have health.
Some vegetarian diets provide benefits.
Some vegetarian diets provide health benefits.
Vegetarian dinners are available only with pre-registered entries .
Vegetarian dishes are a speciality.
Vegetarian dishes are a specialty.
Vegetarian dishes are also a specialty, and the produce is locally grown.
Vegetarian dishes are also abundant on the a la carte menu.
Vegetarian dishes are also available at each meal.
Vegetarian dishes are also available in Italian restaurants and other places that serve pasta.
Vegetarian dishes are also available on request.
Vegetarian dishes are also available.
Vegetarian dishes are also popular and can be eaten either with cheese or meat.
Vegetarian dishes are always available and other special dietary requirements can be met on request.
Vegetarian dishes are always available.
Vegetarian dishes are available , too.
Vegetarian dishes are available at each meal, as well.
Vegetarian dishes are available on request.
Vegetarian dishes are available Parties and children are most welcome.
Vegetarian dishes are available.
Vegetarian dishes are common The worst food in Asia is certainly to be found in Mongolia.
Vegetarian dishes are our speciality and any unusual dietary requirements can easily be catered for.
Vegetarian dishes are prepared if requested.
Vegetarian dishes are uniformly excellent here.
Vegetarian dishes are way up.
Vegetarian dishes can be hazardous.
Vegetarian dishes can be lower in fat and higher in fiber.
Vegetarian dishes range from vegetarian burgers to fresh steamed vegetables and casseroles.
Most vegetarian dishes are vegan.
Most vegetarian dishes require less preparation, cooking, and cleaning up than typical meat dishes.
Vegetarian dogs enjoy their food and the health benefits associated with it.
Vegetarian eating can be very healthy.
Vegetarian eating ensures good health fitness and glowing skin.
Vegetarian eating exists for as long as a hundred generations.
Vegetarian entrees are also available.
Vegetarian entrees are always available.
Vegetarian entrees are available at all meals.
Vegetarian entrees are available upon request during luncheon check-in.
Vegetarian entrees are available upon request, and recipes are available for the day's menu.
Vegetarian entrees are available upon request.
Vegetarian entrees are available with all meals.
Vegetarian entrees are available, as well as heart-healthy and special dietary requests.
Vegetarian entrees are available, as well as sack lunches.
Vegetarian entrees are available.
Vegetarian entrees are often healthier.
Vegetarian entrees are the same price as the selected entree.
Vegetarian entrees can often serve as side dishes for the rest of the family.
Vegetarian fare is also available.
Vegetarian fare is available in Bruce Cafeteria.
Vegetarian fare is available upon request.
Vegetarian fare is available.
Some vegetarian fare is also available.
Vegetarian finches eat seeds.
Most vegetarian finches eat seeds.
Vegetarian food abounds in Mexico City.
Vegetarian food can be delicious, easy to prepare and incredibly varied.
Vegetarian food can be very festive.
Vegetarian food can build muscle just as well as meat.
Vegetarian food comes to life with wonderful flavors produced by the Indian spices.
Vegetarian food costs less.
Vegetarian food is a specialty.
Vegetarian food is absolutely delicious and very nutritional.
Vegetarian food is also available.
Vegetarian food is also popular in China.
Vegetarian food is always available and special dietary needs can be catered for if notice is given.
Vegetarian food is artifacts.
Vegetarian food is available along with standard Chinese meals throughout every tour .
Vegetarian food is available on request.
Vegetarian food is available.
Vegetarian food is eaten by participants and white clothes worn during the period of the feast.
Vegetarian food is generally available.
Vegetarian food is in every case cleaner and purer than meat with comparable nutritious value.
Vegetarian food is prepared by very experienced cooks.
Vegetarian food is prepared using separate utensils.
Vegetarian food is provided if requested.
Vegetarian food is so healthy that going veggie can even give nurses a well-earned break.
Vegetarian food is wonderful.
Vegetarian food promotes health, longevity and a strong body.
Vegetarian food tends to cost less than meat-based items.
Vegetarian foods are available in almost every grocery store and most restaurants.
Vegetarian foods are cheaper than non-vegetarian foods.
Vegetarian foods are high in fibre and easy to digest.
Vegetarian foods are low in fat and have absolutely no cholesterol.
Vegetarian foods are typically low in fat and contain no cholesterol.
Vegetarian foods provide plenty of protein.
Vegetarian foods tend to cost less than meat based items.
Vegetarian formula provides essential vitamin and minerals for dogs of all ages.
Vegetarian formulas are also available.
Vegetarian goodies are noteworthy.
Vegetarian index Welcome to Fat-Attack.
Vegetarian items are almost always cheaper than meat.
Vegetarian items are also available.
Vegetarian items are available.
Vegetarian items are, of course, available.
Some vegetarian items are available.
Vegetarian kids are also concerned about hunting, pollution, overpopulation, and fur trapping.
Vegetarian lasagna is available upon request once seated.
Some vegetarian lasagnas have sauces.
Vegetarian lifestyles are just a fad.
Vegetarian lunch is provided after the ceremony.
Vegetarian lunches are available on request.
Vegetarian meal is available upon request at time of reservation.
Vegetarian meals are a specialty.
Vegetarian meals are also available by request.
Vegetarian meals are also available.
Vegetarian meals are also prepared at the request of students.
Vegetarian meals are also prepared on request.
Vegetarian meals are also widely available.
Vegetarian meals are always available.
Vegetarian meals are an option.
Vegetarian meals are available and many restaurants feature fresh seafood.
Vegetarian meals are available at all meals.
Vegetarian meals are available at no extra cost.
Vegetarian meals are available by prior arrangement.
Vegetarian meals are available by request.
Vegetarian meals are available by special arrangement.
Vegetarian meals are available daily and a vegan alternative is also available.
Vegetarian meals are available on request.
Vegetarian meals are available on special request at the time of reservation.
Vegetarian meals are available the white wine risotto is a favorite.
Vegetarian meals are available upon advance request.
Vegetarian meals are available upon prior request.
Vegetarian meals are available upon request at no extra cost.
Vegetarian meals are available upon request by calling the school.
Vegetarian meals are available upon request.
Vegetarian meals are available with advance reservations.
Vegetarian meals are available with no advance notice.
Vegetarian meals are available with prior reservation.
Vegetarian meals are available, and arrangements can be made for special diets.
Vegetarian meals are available, as is a selection of wines by the glass.
Vegetarian meals are available, upon request.
Vegetarian meals are available.
Vegetarian meals are healthy, cost-efficient and easy to prepare.
Vegetarian meals are lovingly prepared.
Vegetarian meals are prepared on request Rates are for single or double occupancy.
Vegetarian meals are prepared on request.
Vegetarian meals are the norm, provided within the lodging package and course fees.
Vegetarian meals are typically low in saturated fat and usually contain little or no cholesterol.
Vegetarian meals can be asked during the meal time, no advance request is needed.
Vegetarian meals can be quick and easy.
Vegetarian meals contain rice.
All vegetarian meals use veggie stock, no fish no chicken no beef.
Most vegetarian meals contain rice.
Some vegetarian meals consist of cereals.
Some vegetarian meals consist of grain cereals.
Some vegetarian meals consist of whole grain cereals.
Vegetarian meat substitutes such as tofu, beans, and rice have essentially no contamination.
Vegetarian menu is available.
Vegetarian menus are a specialty.
Vegetarian menus are also available.
Vegetarian menus are available upon request.
Vegetarian menus are available.
Vegetarian offerings abound.
Vegetarian offerings are limited to pizza and foccacia.
Vegetarian option consists of vegetable burger.
Vegetarian option is available upon request .
Vegetarian option is available.
Vegetarian options are also available daily.
Vegetarian options are also available.
Vegetarian options are always a feature.
Vegetarian options are always available and special diets can be accommodated by prior request.
Vegetarian options are always available.
Vegetarian options are available as well as accommodating special dietary needs with advance notice.
Vegetarian options are available as well.
Vegetarian options are available at all meals with meat.
Vegetarian options are available at all meals, too.
Vegetarian options are available at almost all our counters.
Vegetarian options are available at every meal.
Vegetarian options are available at most locations.
Vegetarian options are available every day.
Vegetarian options are available on request.
Vegetarian options are available with all selections.
Vegetarian options are available.
Vegetarian options are readily available.
Vegetarian options are universal.
Vegetarian options are usually available.
Vegetarian options are usually ovo-lacto, but can be modified to be vegan.
Vegetarian packages are also available.
Vegetarian pizza is so deceiving.
Vegetarian plates are available and special dietary needs can be accommodated with advance notice.
Vegetarian poultry substitutes, like many processed foods, are expensive.
Some vegetarian recipes use beans.
Vegetarian requests welcome.
Vegetarian resource contains lists of famous vegetarians, recipes, and links.
Vegetarian restaurants abound, and many vegetarian options are usually available.
Vegetarian restaurants are still relatively rare , but becoming more popular.
Vegetarian restaurants are virtually non-existent in big cities, let alone the province.
Vegetarian rolls are a perfect stepping stoner into the greater world of the Japanese fave.
Vegetarian sandwiches are also available.
Vegetarian selections are also available.
Vegetarian selections are available at all meals.
Vegetarian selections are available at every meal.
Vegetarian selections are available upon request.
Vegetarian selections are available, including a vegetarian sandwich.
Vegetarian selections are available.
Vegetarian selections are excellent and desserts are superb.
Vegetarian selections are rather limited.
Vegetarian singers prefer protein shakes and energy bars.
Vegetarian soup is also available.
Vegetarian soups are usually the norm, and always one of the options.
Vegetarian sources are legumes such as soybeans, and nuts and seeds.
Vegetarian standards are marinated veggies and black bean hummos with sweet potato flat bread.
Many vegetarian substitutes are relatively expensive.
Vegetarian sushi is a bizarre concept.
Vegetarian versions are often available upon request.
Vegetarian writers write for the press, newspapers, publications.
A vegetarian is a feeder
Vegetarian isa eater.
Vegetarians are animals.
Vegetarians are dumb and slow compared with predators from dinosaurs to birds.
Vegetarians are eaters.
Vegetarians are no more likely to be iron deficient than anyone else.
Vegetarians are people.
Vegetarians are soft-hearted bunny lovers.
Vegetarians are welcome and catered for.
Vegetarians are welcome there too.
Vegetarians are welcome, but please advise in advance.
Vegetarians are welcome.
Vegetarians avoid meat.
Vegetarians avoid products.
Vegetarians best look elsewhere.
Vegetarians close themselves off by refusing to have an open mind and explore dishes with meat.
Vegetarians consume soy.
Vegetarians die of cancer of the colon.
Vegetarians drink milk and eat dairy products.
Vegetarians eat beans.
Vegetarians eat diets.
Vegetarians eat fruit.
Vegetarians eat grain.
Vegetarians eat proper diets.
Vegetarians eat soy beans.
Vegetarians eat vegetables.
Vegetarians find cheese.
Vegetarians find plenty of choices at every meal.
Vegetarians get lots of protein in legumes, grains and the like.
Vegetarians grow food.
Vegetarians have (part) arms.
Vegetarians have (part) body substances.
Vegetarians have (part) cell membranes.
Vegetarians have (part) cells.
Vegetarians have (part) corpi.
Vegetarians have (part) cytoplasm.
Vegetarians have (part) heads.
Vegetarians have (part) human bodies.
Vegetarians have (part) legs.
Vegetarians have (part) material bodies.
Vegetarians have (part) necks.
Vegetarians have (part) nuclei.
Vegetarians have (part) personality.
Vegetarians have (part) plasma membranes.
Vegetarians have (part) sections.
Vegetarians have (part) vacuoles.
Vegetarians have activities.
Vegetarians have excretion.
Vegetarians have fecal weight.
Vegetarians have killer cell activities.
Vegetarians have lower urinary excretion.
Vegetarians have urinary excretion.
Vegetarians have weight.
Vegetarians live longer than other people.
Vegetarians live longer, healthier lives.
Vegetarians maintain diets.
Vegetarians rely on food.
Vegetarians still eat dairy products such as eggs, cheese, milk, yogurt and ice cream.
Vegetarians to drink milk.
Vegetarians to drink skim milk.
Vegetarians use food.
Vegetarians always answer.
Vegetarians always claim the high ground unfairly in terms of health.
Vegetarians always have a pick of two entrees as well as gourmet salads.
Vegetarians often drink more milk and eat more dairy than meat eaters.
Vegetarians often feel sickly.
Vegetarians often feel tired.
Vegetarians often feel weak.
Vegetarians often have low cholesterol.
All vegetarians are animal-rights activists.
All vegetarians rely heavily on whole grains, fruits and vegetables and avoid red meat.
Many vegetarians are ignorant about ways and means of attaining superior nutrition and good health.
Many vegetarians are what they are because of a variety of religeous and ethical beliefs.
Many vegetarians consume soy as a supplement for protein products such as meat, cheese, and eggs.
Many vegetarians find a concerned host frequently asks if they've had enough to eat.
Many vegetarians find it indispensable.
Many vegetarians focus on avoiding meat and rely on mostly bread, bagels, potatoes and pasta.
Many vegetarians ignore the cruelty of the dairy industry.
Many vegetarians let their host or hostess know about their eating habits ahead of time.
Many vegetarians love the fake meats, since the meals resemble comfort foods they once ate.
Many vegetarians suffer from low iron levels and some are deficient in some of the B vitamins.
More vegetarians live in the South of India than in the North, possibly because the North is colder.
Most vegetarians are pacifists or committed to humane causes.
Most vegetarians are so because of ethical reasons.
Most vegetarians avoid it.
Most vegetarians avoid meat.
Most vegetarians avoid products.
Most vegetarians consume soy.
Most vegetarians do, however, fall victim to the occasional cold.
Most vegetarians eat beans.
Most vegetarians eat chicken and fish.
Most vegetarians eat diets.
Most vegetarians eat enough food to meet their energy needs.
Most vegetarians eat fruit.
Most vegetarians eat grain.
Most vegetarians eat proper diets.
Most vegetarians eat soy beans.
Most vegetarians eat vegetables.
Most vegetarians feel cold more readily than flesh-eaters.
Most vegetarians find cheese.
Most vegetarians grow food.
Most vegetarians have activities.
Most vegetarians have excretion.
Most vegetarians have fecal weight.
Most vegetarians have killer cell activities.
Most vegetarians have lower urinary excretion.
Most vegetarians have no difficulty designing an adequate diet.
Most vegetarians have urinary excretion.
Most vegetarians have weight.
Most vegetarians kill plants, as does anyone who weeds their lawn.
Most vegetarians live below the poverty level.
Most vegetarians look so much like the food they eat that they can be classified as cannibals.
Most vegetarians maintain diets.
Most vegetarians rely heavily on whole grains, fruits, and vegetables and avoid red meat.
Most vegetarians rely on food.
Most vegetarians use food.
Some vegetarians accept notions.
Some vegetarians are dangerously low in protein which can threaten health.
Some vegetarians are members of new religious groups with diet-related taboos.
Some vegetarians are remarkably ill-informed about food .
Some vegetarians are vegans.
Some vegetarians claim they are more satisfied after they eat.
Some vegetarians complain about rules.
Some vegetarians do find themselves missing meat.
Some vegetarians drink alcohol.
Some vegetarians eat flowers.
Some vegetarians eat or drink animal products , like milk and eggs .
Some vegetarians eat or drink animal products, like milk and eggs.
Some vegetarians excrete estrogens.
Some vegetarians find that repellent.
Some vegetarians formulate interpretations.
Some vegetarians have levels.
Some vegetarians have lower levels.
Some vegetarians have lower triglyceride.
Some vegetarians have triglyceride.
Some vegetarians meet requirements.
Some vegetarians raise chickens.
Some vegetarians refer to themselves vegetarians and are just avoiding red meats.
Some vegetarians require knowledge.
Some vegetarians suffer from health problems.
Some vegetarians suffer from problems.
Some vegetarians suffer physical problems.
Some vegetarians suffer problems.
Some vegetarians tend to health.
Some vegetarians use milk products and eggs.
Vegetarianism also holds many benefits to a healthier lifestyle.
Vegetarianism attracts people of all ages.
Vegetarianism boosts heart health and cuts our death rate due to heart disease, stroke and cancer.
Vegetarianism brings with it a new relationship to food, plants, and nature.
Vegetarianism can be a very healthy lifestyle choice.
Vegetarianism can be an adequate diet if followed properly with careful planning.
Vegetarianism can be the ideal choice.
Vegetarianism can bring about the right mental attitude for peace.
Vegetarianism can lower rates of obesity, heart disease, hypertension, diabetes and some cancers.
Vegetarianism can reduce the overburdened medical costs of the nation.
Vegetarianism continues to enjoy a steady increase in popularity on our campus.
Vegetarianism does help people.
Vegetarianism ensures health, fitness and glowing skin.
Vegetarianism goes so far and no further.
Vegetarianism goes unmentioned in the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Vegetarianism has a long and revered tradition in Indian culture.
Vegetarianism has firm roots in religion.
Vegetarianism has such a positive image that people want to be called vegetarian.
Vegetarianism is a commendable practice.
Vegetarianism is a diet
Vegetarianism is a form of boycott.
Vegetarianism is a growing movement in many age groups, and adolescents are no exception.
Vegetarianism is a growing trend with today's kids and teens.
Vegetarianism is a healthy choice as long as a wide range of foods is eaten.
Vegetarianism is a lifestyle.
Vegetarianism is a personal choice.
Vegetarianism is a popular choice for many individuals and families.
Vegetarianism is a product of unnatural human conceptualizations.
Vegetarianism is a step in the right direction, but the logic of the vegan ease is absolute.
Vegetarianism is a tried and tested diet - a diet to be trusted.
Vegetarianism is a very healthy, environmentally aware, animal friendly lifestyle.
Vegetarianism is a very important halfway house.
Vegetarianism is a widespread practice.
Vegetarianism is a wonderful way to have a positive impact on other people.
Vegetarianism is about working together.
Vegetarianism is actually revolutionary compared to old traditions and beliefs.
Vegetarianism is addressed and the book does include homemade vegetarian dog food recipes.
Vegetarianism is also a great investment in the kind of world where investments flourish.
Vegetarianism is also environmentally more sound.
Vegetarianism is also one of the precepts of yoga.
Vegetarianism is an automatic cholesterol cutter.
Vegetarianism is an automatic cholesterol-cutter.
Vegetarianism is an integral aspect of it.
Vegetarianism is an umbrella term that covers different styles of eating.
Vegetarianism is an unrequired and unimportant practice.
Vegetarianism is as much a state of mind as it is a diet.
Vegetarianism is common in Bengal, and the next chapter describes a number of vegetarian recipes.
Vegetarianism is considered mandatory for everyone.
Vegetarianism is diets.
Vegetarianism is encouraged, but by no means dogmatically essential.
Vegetarianism is equally popular.
Vegetarianism is Great.
Vegetarianism is healthier, cheaper, simpler and more spiritually grounded.
Vegetarianism is healthy, veganism more so.
Vegetarianism is healthy.
Vegetarianism is just a fad.
Vegetarianism is less stressful on the entire ecosystem.
Vegetarianism is natural, based on a universal truth.
Vegetarianism is no exception to that rule.
Vegetarianism is no longer a radical, unconventional thing to do.
Vegetarianism is now more popular than ever, according to new figures.
Vegetarianism is on the rise.
Vegetarianism is practiced whenever possible.
Vegetarianism is the abstinence from meat, fish, and fowl.
Vegetarianism is the abstinence of meat, fish, and fowl.
Vegetarianism is the diet of many popular celebrities.
Vegetarianism is the future of food.
Vegetarianism is the future of mankind.
Vegetarianism is the norm.
Vegetarianism is the practice of living solely upon vegetables, fruits, grains, and nuts.
Vegetarianism is the strongest in Britain and growing steadily in Germany and Belgium.
Vegetarianism is too complicated.
Vegetarianism is un-American.
Vegetarianism is usually a diet, while veganism is a lifestyle.
Vegetarianism is viewed as an illness or a condition.
Vegetarianism is, however more than a matter of diet.
Vegetarianism makes sense to a lot of people.
Vegetarianism means nutrition without any products from dead animals such as meat, poultry or fish.
Vegetarianism offers the world a future full of hope and promise.
Vegetarianism only excludes meats and fish and still provides for a well-rounded diet.
Vegetarianism reduces methane.
Vegetarianism relates to how people understand the world and their bodies on a fundamental level.
Vegetarianism save environment essay importance of english language in our life essay.
Vegetarianism seems to be a booming trend.
Vegetated areas are shaded green.
Vegetated dunes form ridges parallel to the beach, which are anchored by the vegetation.
Vegetation classification remains an unfinished task.
Vegetation communities are subject to periodic flooding from local rivers.
Vegetation communities are the focus of wetland mitigation projects.
Some vegetation communities consist of big huckleberries.
Some vegetation communities consist of huckleberries.
Vegetation cover can play a major role in regional hydrologic systems.
Vegetation cover helps to stabilize the soil.
Vegetation cover is affected by building facilities for and path damage.
Vegetation cover is fragile and susceptible to rapid degeneration through over-exploitation.
Vegetation cover is sparse, with only short grasses and mosses lying near drainage channels.
Vegetation growth depends on rainfall.
Vegetation index represents the fraction of available light used by plants for photosynthesis.
Vegetation management consists of removing underbrush around one's home.
Vegetation management emphasizes practices favorable to wildlife species such as turkey and bear.
Vegetation management involves complex interactions.
Vegetation management is one factor of many that influences tree vigor.
Vegetation management is the key to keeping vole populations in control.
Vegetation plots continue for third years.
Vegetation plots continue for years.
Vegetation responses alter atmospheric environments.
Vegetation responses alter environments.
Vegetation responses alter local environments.
Vegetation structure influences bird diversity.
Vegetation structure is the best predictor of avian diversity.
Vegetation structure seems more important than a particular species of plant.
Some vegetation structures consist of layers.
Some vegetation structures consist of shrub layers.
Vegetation type is juniper grassland.
Vegetation types affect patterns.
Vegetation types are also comparable.
Vegetation types vary from humid tropical forests in the east to the high, cold deserts in the west.
Many vegetation types undergo rapid change, such as floating vegetation or cleared areas.
Most vegetation types affect patterns.
Some vegetation types are better than oth ers for providing certain benefits.
Some vegetation types require fire.
Vegetation zones reach higher in the northern side than on the south.
Vegetation absorbs light.
Vegetation absorbs visible light but reflects infrared, so it looks red.
Vegetation acts as a filter for sediment and pollution coming in from the near land.
Vegetation affects how a watershed functions.
Vegetation affects range.
Vegetation alone is most successful where the fetch is less than half a mile.
Vegetation also affects infiltration.
Vegetation also attracts insects, which salmon feed on.
Vegetation also changes with the seasons.
Vegetation also changes within and among years.
Vegetation also controls visibility and mobility for animals.
Vegetation also enhances the aesthetic quality of the area by attracting birds and small mammals.
Vegetation also helps in overall reduction of soil erosion.
Vegetation also helps in protecting the eagle from unfavorable conditions.
Vegetation also helps slow water flow and reduce erosion which are vital during times of flooding.
Vegetation also needs to be protected.
Vegetation also plays an important role in affecting soil moisture content.
Vegetation also provides a home for rodents.
Vegetation also provides shade, which keeps the watercool.
Vegetation also provides small fish with places to hide from larger predators.
Vegetation also provides the cover that Mexican wolves generally seek out when establishing dens.
Vegetation also reduces erosion and purifies water.
Vegetation also removes excess water by evaporation and transpiration.
Vegetation also retards water runoff, and thus retards erosion of the soil in the community.
Vegetation also slows the flow of water runoff.
Vegetation also traps sediment and nutrient rich organic matter, enriching floodplain soils.
Vegetation analyses and diet determinations.
Vegetation appears almost white, and skies and clouds are highly contrasted.
Vegetation appears bright to dark green.
Vegetation appears green, bare soil and rock in nearly natural gray, white, brown and magenta.
Vegetation appears green, bare soil and rock shown in nearly natural gray, white, brown.
Vegetation appears in green, non-vegetated surfaces are yellow, and water bodies show in brown.
Vegetation appears in red.
Vegetation appears in the darkest gray tones.
Vegetation appears in various shades of orange and brown.
Vegetation appears red in the false-color photograph.
Vegetation appears red, and urban areas blue-green.
Vegetation appears similar in both views.
Vegetation appears to be growing in areas scraped by the glacier.
Vegetation appears very different at visible and near-infrared wavelengths.
Vegetation attracts deer.
Vegetation attracts grasshoppers.
Vegetation attracts spiders because it serves as an ample hiding spot.
Vegetation becomes extremely dry in Hells Canyon during summer months.
Vegetation breaks the force of the wind and helps to keep the sand from blowing away.
Vegetation broadly follows the climatic zones.
Vegetation can affect the lag time and volume of stream flow.
Vegetation can also reduce the erosional effects of wind by binding soil particles to roots.
Vegetation can alter the landscape.
Vegetation can be a real nuisance.
Vegetation can be a sensitive indicator of change in local or regional environments.
Vegetation can be dehydrate to the point of death when in contact with high levels of salt.
Vegetation can be dense around shoreline areas and coves.
Vegetation can help heal the stream and ripairan area by holding the soil and capturing sediment.
Vegetation can help prevent dune erosion.
Vegetation can help stabilize banks and reduce the amount of sediment that erodes into streams.
Vegetation can provide evidence of past avalanche activity, too.
Vegetation can restrict the movement of dust and pollutants.
Vegetation catches the sand and the roots bind the sand particles together.
Vegetation changes from desert scrub to various pine trees.
Vegetation changes from woodland to thorntree grassland with increasing dryness.
Vegetation changes in Sequoia National Park, California.
Vegetation changes in shallow marsh wetlands under improving moisture regime.
Vegetation changes in shallow marsh wetlands under improving moisture regimes.
Vegetation changes on modified ranges in the Northern Great Plains.
Vegetation changes on western range lands.
Vegetation changes on western rangelands.
Vegetation choking the shorefront is a complex question.
Vegetation climbs to vertiginous heights and gives off an intoxicating odor of orchids and earth.
Vegetation comes back with renewed vigor.
Vegetation competes with seedlings.
Vegetation conceals a door there.
Vegetation consists mainly of emergent species.
Vegetation consists mainly of fourwing saltbush, Indian ricegrass, galleta, graymolly and winterfat.
Vegetation consists mainly of moist tropical forest with extensive grass swamps close to the rivers.
Vegetation consists mainly of scattered dwarf shrubs and clumps of bunchgrass.
Vegetation consists mostly of grass and brush with some timber in the highest elevations.
Vegetation consists mostly of highly drought tolerant shrubs with few succulent cacti.
Vegetation consists of a rich aquatic flora of extensive reedbeds and wet meadows.
Vegetation consists of alpine tundra heath meadows.
Vegetation consists of cholla, saguaro, ocotillo, paloverde and mesquite.
Vegetation consists of cholla, saguaro, ocotillo, paloverde, and mesquite.
Vegetation consists of converted and unconverted wet grassland and the largest peatlands in France.
Vegetation consists of creosote scrub, some annual grasses and wild flowers.
Vegetation consists of emergent and submergent plant communities.
Vegetation consists of grasses and shrubs.
Vegetation consists of grassland, woodland, and three major swamp types.
Vegetation consists of halophytic grasses fringed by extensive areas of steppe.
Vegetation consists of lodgepole pine and associated species as well as mountain hemlock.
Vegetation consists of mangroves and peat bogs.
Vegetation consists of mostly forest and some pasture.
Vegetation consists of native grasses and some scrub pines.
Vegetation consists of sage, chaparral, and oaks.
Vegetation consists of salt meadows and numerous species of aquatic plants.
Vegetation consists of saltmarshes and meadows, swampy areas, reed and rush thickets.
Vegetation consists of scrub and succulent plants.
Vegetation consists of scrub, riparian forest, wet meadows, reedbeds, and halophytic communities.
Vegetation consists of second-growth hardwoods, rhododendren and mosses.
Vegetation consists of second-growth hardwoods, rhododendron and mosses.
Vegetation consists of second-growth spruce and hardwoods, rhododendron, and many mosses.
Vegetation consists of second-growth timber, rhododendron, and a variety of mosses and lichens.
Vegetation consists of shrubs, small evergreen trees, and sclerophyllous species.
Vegetation consists primarily of cacti, juniper, and some sparse grasses.
Vegetation consists primarily of scrub brush, grasses, and open stands of live oak and mesquite.
Vegetation consists primarily of sparse grasses, cacti, and desert shrubs of conifers and oaks.
Vegetation consists primarily of sparse grasses, cacti, creosote bush, and scrub brush.
Vegetation contains carbon that is released as carbon dioxide when the vegetation decays or burns.
Vegetation contains trees.
Vegetation contains water.
Vegetation cover around the water prevents erosion and supplies nutrients for aquatic life.
Vegetation cover prior to European settlement reflects past ecosystem structure and processes.
Vegetation covers bottoms.
Vegetation covers portions of the site.
Vegetation covers the surface to prevent contaminant migration via runoff from contaminated soils.
Vegetation disappears and soil runs down the hills.
Vegetation disappears in central Spain.
Vegetation eaten is often in the form of roots and bulbs.
Vegetation extends well into mid-channel areas and often covers the entire channel width.
Vegetation forges ahead.
Vegetation forms an integral part of the visual quality of landscape designs.
Vegetation forms habitats.
Vegetation generally retards evaporation from the soil.
Vegetation gives shade providing cool waters for fish habitat.
Vegetation grows along swamp drainage ditches.
Vegetation grows in some places, in other the earth is bare.
Vegetation grows in such a way that maze-like pathways to open water are created.
Vegetation grows in the down wind direction.
Vegetation grows up and trees and debris block the flow of water.
Vegetation grows very rapidly.
Vegetation has leaves.
Vegetation has low quality.
Vegetation has quality.
Vegetation has thick leaves.
Vegetation has three important aspects that are subject to change.
Vegetation helps build stream banks and riparian areas.
Vegetation helps hold the mud together and prevents it from washing away.
Vegetation helps keep sediment and contaminants from entering water bodies.
Vegetation helps keep streams flowing during dry periods.
Vegetation helps recycle moisture into the atmosphere.
Vegetation helps soil formation since it entraps flowing sediments.
Vegetation helps to stabilize lake bottoms and aerate the water.
Vegetation here consists largely of savanna grass with scattered clumps of trees and spiny shrubs.
Vegetation here is of scientific and botanical interest.
Vegetation here is sparse and consists mainly of euphorbias and kokerbooms.
Vegetation holds gravel and soil, keeping bars and banks in place.
Vegetation impacts soils in numerous ways.
Vegetation includes a combination of grasses, weeds and small trees.
Vegetation includes abundant cacti, paloverde, and creosote.
Vegetation includes alders, willows, buttonbush, dogwoods, and swamp privet.
Vegetation includes alders, willows, buttonbush, dogwoods, and swamp-privet.
Vegetation includes bamboo forests and afro-alpine shrubs.
Vegetation includes brush, grasses, and mesquite.
Vegetation includes cattails, reeds, bulrushes, spike rushes, and wild rice.
Vegetation includes cattails, reeds, bulrushes, spikerushes, and wild rice.
Vegetation includes cattails.
Vegetation includes chaparral, mountain forest and southern mixed evergreen forest.
Vegetation includes climax, hardwood forest communities.
Vegetation includes creosotebush, whitethorn, tarbush, desert zinnia, bush muhly and black grama.
Vegetation includes deciduous forest, scrub, grassland, and cultivated land.
Vegetation includes dense belts of fringing reeds, submergent and floating vegetation.
Vegetation includes dense mountain brush mixed with sagebrush and grass.
Vegetation includes dune stabilizing species, various orchid species, dry and wet heath.
Vegetation includes dwarf pine shrub, reedbeds and rare or endangered orchid species.
Vegetation includes dwarf pine shrub, reedbeds, and rare or endangered orchid species.
Vegetation includes extensive reedbeds, deciduous woodland, and scrub.
Vegetation includes flooded marshland, seasonally flooded deciduous forests, mud and sandflats.
Vegetation includes grass.
Vegetation includes grasses, sedges, rushes, and various broad-leafed plants.
Vegetation includes hydrophilic communities, reed and sedge marshes, and dune communities.
Vegetation includes large expanses of lawn, native and exotic trees, shrubs, and flowers.
Vegetation includes oak, pinon pine, mesquite, mountain juniper and native brush.
Vegetation includes palmetto, gallberry, wax myrtle, and southern yellow pine.
Vegetation includes panadus, coconuts, tomano trees and frangipanni.
Vegetation includes perennial grass.
Vegetation includes pine trees, hardwood trees, and grassland plants.
Vegetation includes pinion-juniper, ponderosa pine, spruce, fir, and aspen.
Vegetation includes reed islands, rushes and submerged vegetation and a few forested islands.
Vegetation includes reed thickets, shrubs, and floating plant communities.
Vegetation includes reedbeds and wet meadows.
Vegetation includes reedbeds, saline meadows, and marshes.
Vegetation includes rhodendrons and azaleas.
Vegetation includes rhododendrons and azaleas.
Vegetation includes riverine forest and numerous species of aquatic plants.
Vegetation includes rolling savannas, moriche groves, montane forests, and dense river woodlands.
Vegetation includes roses.
Vegetation includes salal, devil's club, fern and maple, hemlock, balsam, fir and alder.
Vegetation includes shrubs and cactus plants.
Vegetation includes shrubs.
Vegetation includes silver maple, box elder, green ash, sycamore, cottonwood, and black willow.
Vegetation includes spruce, fir and aspen meadows.
Vegetation includes tall trees with high leaves and fruit, and a smaller plant which bears nuts.
Vegetation includes tall trees.
Vegetation includes the full spectrum of land management practices and land tenures.
Vegetation includes trees.
Vegetation includes valley oaks, California black walnuts and chapperal flowering ash.
Vegetation includes white cedar, alder, and balsam fir.
Vegetation includes white pine and yellow-poplar and abundant wildflowers.
Vegetation includes woody and herbaceous communities.
Vegetation increases from north to south, but overall it is sparse and scrubby.
Vegetation increases the ability of soils to retain water, preventing floods and erosion.
Vegetation indicates well drained condition with sandy soils.
Vegetation is a collection
Vegetation is a kind of grass that grows in tight, widely spaced clumps.
Vegetation is a major obstacle to manual demining and the use of dogs.
Vegetation is a moderate threat.
Vegetation is a more dependable and useful indicator that a wetland is present.
Vegetation is a sparse cover of grasses and low shrubs as mesquite and tarbush.
Vegetation is a sparse growth of cacti, creosotebush, white bursage, mesquite, and paloverde.
Vegetation is a transition between wet interior forests to the north, and dry forests to the south.
Vegetation is abundant and diverse.
Vegetation is abundant and microclimates have created grassy planes and desert scenery.
Vegetation is abundant in most areas of the system.
Vegetation is affected and humans suffer from respiratory problems and have acute head aches.
Vegetation is all grassland, with only a few bushes and small treelings scattered here and there.
Vegetation is almost non-existent along the southern slopes.
Vegetation is alpine shrub with scattered, windswept lodgepole pine and rock outcropping throughout.
Vegetation is also common.
Vegetation is also scarce.
Vegetation is an important aspect of place, besides being ecologically vital.
Vegetation is an important factor in soil formation .
Vegetation is an incubator for aquatic life and a haven for bass.
Vegetation is annual grasses and forbs and blue oaks.
Vegetation is annual grasses, and forbs.
Vegetation is annual range, fair condition.
Vegetation is another key watershed component.
Vegetation is big galleta, creosotebush, white bursage, ocotillo and cholla.
Vegetation is blackbrush, galleta, creosotebush, snakeweed, and Indian ricegrass.
Vegetation is blue grama, galleta, ring muhly, sand dropseed, cholla, and pinyon-juniper.
Vegetation is blue grama, galleta, sand dropseed, snakeweed, cactus, and some pinyon and juniper.
Vegetation is characterised by eucalypt woodlands with tropical grass understoreys.
Vegetation is collected and stored during the summer for winter use.
Vegetation is collections.
Vegetation is composed of obligate hydrophytes.
Vegetation is comprised of mixed hardwoods with white pine and yellow pine scattered throughout.
Vegetation is confined to a shallow ledge around much of the shore.
Vegetation is considered to be the key to earthwork preservation and interpretation.
Vegetation is controlled and manipulated by burning, discing, farming or mowing.
Vegetation is creosotebush, bursage, cacti, palo verde, and annual weeds and grasses.
Vegetation is creosotebush, desert saltbush, salt cedar, inkweed, and annual weeds and grasses.
Vegetation is critical in stabilizing soil materials.
Vegetation is cut down and then burned.
Vegetation is dense along the trail, so effective waterproof gear is recommended.
Vegetation is dense at lower elevations and along the streamsides.
Vegetation is dense, tall and very green .
Vegetation is dense, tall and very green.
Vegetation is dependent on the length of inundation, as well as the substrate type.
Vegetation is desert saltbush, linear-leaf saltbush, wolfberry and scattered mesquite.
Vegetation is determined primarily by the relief and the water availability.
Vegetation is diverse and endangered plant species are present in the corridor.
Vegetation is divided into five layers.
Vegetation is dominated by an appropriate mix of native or desirable introduced species.
Vegetation is dominated by coconut palms and breadfruit trees.
Vegetation is dominated by grass.
Vegetation is dominated by mosses, lichens, dwarf trees and scattered woody shrubs.
Vegetation is dried out and many brush fires have been reported throughout the region recently.
Vegetation is eaten by rabbits .
Vegetation is essential in their diet.
Vegetation is essential to pull moisture into the ground.
Vegetation is essential to the success of the wetland.
Vegetation is established on the lower face of the embankment.
Vegetation is extensive - so much so that it often shuts out what scenery there is.
Vegetation is folded around and under the body.
Vegetation is frozen to death in the snow.
Vegetation is generally absent from the bottom habitat, except along the stream bank.
Vegetation is generally dark to medium green.
Vegetation is generally northern hardwoods with some spruce-fir at higher elevations.
Vegetation is grasses, sagebrush, and smaller trees including juniper and cedar trees.
Vegetation is green and atmosphere is pleasant.
Vegetation is green, arid or uncultivated land is pink, water bodies are blue or black.
Vegetation is growth.
Vegetation is important to wetland structure and is an important habitat characteristic for fish.
Vegetation is intense.
Vegetation is inventoried at four levels, and large woody debris is assessed.
Vegetation is largely absent due to permanent ice and snow.
Vegetation is largely hardwoods such as oak, hickory, maple, and yellow-poplar.
Vegetation is light, light skys are dark while clouds stay light.
Vegetation is limited to small patches of scrub.
Vegetation is limited, and buildings are spread out.
Vegetation is located in countrysides.
Vegetation is located in parks.
Vegetation is longleaf pine, slash pine, loblolly pine, and bluestem and bermudagrass.
Vegetation is low sagebrush.
Vegetation is low, and sparse to nonexistent.
Vegetation is lush and varied.
Vegetation is lush here and the sound of running water quiets the soul.
Vegetation is lush in the warm months, and beauty abounds in any season.
Vegetation is lush, green and beautiful, but obscures game viewing.
Vegetation is lush.
Vegetation is made up of grasses, sedges and herbs adapted to an annual pattern of flooding.
Vegetation is mainly big sagebrush, desert bitterbrush, Nevada ephedra and desert needlegrass.
Vegetation is mainly bluegrasses, forbs and bush.
Vegetation is mainly bluestems, buffalograss and threeawn grasses and scattered mesquite trees.
Vegetation is mainly bunchgrasses, forbs and shrubs.
Vegetation is mainly mat muhly silver sage brush, bluegrass and bottlebrush squirreltail.
Vegetation is mainly mountain big sagebrush and Idaho fescue.
Vegetation is mainly open wooded grassland and swamps.
Vegetation is mainly three-tip sagebrush and Idaho fescue, mountain big sagebrush and Idaho fescue.
Vegetation is mainly white fir and ponderosa pine with some understory grass and browse species.
Vegetation is mainly willows, sedges, rushes, wet meadow grasses, wiregrass, and clovers.
Vegetation is mesquite, catclaw, and annual grasses and weeds.
Vegetation is mesquite, catclaw, big galleta, creosotebush, arrowweed, saltbush and annuals.
Vegetation is mixed northern hardwood forest dominantly of maples.
Vegetation is mixed tall and mid grasses.
Vegetation is mobs.
Vegetation is moderately rough but roads are flat.
Vegetation is monitored to quantify spatial dominance of main native and non-native plant species.
Vegetation is most luxuriant.
Vegetation is mostly brush and scrubby spruce, with some aspen and birch.
Vegetation is mostly drought deciduous.
Vegetation is mostly lower plant groups such as fungi, mosses, liverworts, and lichens.
Vegetation is mostly mixed conifer and pinyon.
Vegetation is mostly pine trees with grassy meadows interspersed.
Vegetation is mostly pines, sabal palms and palmettoes.
Vegetation is mostly pinyon pine-juniper grasslands.
Vegetation is mountainous tropical rain forest.
Vegetation is multifunctional, self-repairing, inexpensive, and is relatively easy to install.
Vegetation is needed for food production and cover for fish.
Vegetation is needed that can withstand sheet and channalized runoff and high soil metals levels .
Vegetation is of a luxuriant growth.
Vegetation is of mixed pines and oak-hickory hardwood forest.
Vegetation is of the dry deciduous type, with dhok being the most prominent tree.
Vegetation is of the savannah type over most of the plateau.
Vegetation is often dense and the going is hard.
Vegetation is often lush and many hardwoods are in evidence.
Vegetation is often present at varying heights, similar to the rungs of a ladder.
Vegetation is planted between the planks.
Vegetation is planted on top for erosion control.
Vegetation is plentiful, if randomly placed, on the lots.
Vegetation is poor and dominated by a ralo grass.
Vegetation is portrayed in the manner of popular prints of the times.
Vegetation is possibly the easiest and most effective form of control.
Vegetation is predominantly mequite trees.
Vegetation is primarily chaparral.
Vegetation is primarily white spruce with some lodgepole pine.
Vegetation is quite rich and there is a magnificent natural harbor.
Vegetation is rampant, as is vandalism.
Vegetation is rare in the canyon.
Vegetation is really the mitigating factor here.
Vegetation is red and orange.
Vegetation is red, and snow and ice are white and blue.
Vegetation is red, cities are gray, and oceans are blue.
Vegetation is red, non-vegetated areas including mudflats are light, and water is dark.
Vegetation is red.
Vegetation is relatively sparse and characterized mainly by coarse grasses.
Vegetation is removed and larvae are dip-netted from the trap.
Vegetation is represented in green.
Vegetation is required by many animals for warmth and security.
Vegetation is restricted to open fields.
Vegetation is sagebrush-grassland interspersed with juniper and chokeberry draws.
Vegetation is scant, consisting mostly of xerophytic herbs and shrubs.
Vegetation is scarce but there is some diversity.
Vegetation is scattered pinyon-juniper and dense mountain brush.
Vegetation is scattered, with few shrubs, willow clumps and sedges, grasses and mosses.
Vegetation is seasonal, since the area receives less than twelve inches of rain per year.
Vegetation is semiarid steppe.
Vegetation is separated into canopy and noncanopy.
Vegetation is shorter and more open in pasture than in meadow.
Vegetation is shown in a shade of gray.
Vegetation is shown in shades of red and water in shades of blue.
Vegetation is shown quite clearly in the colour IR image.
Vegetation is somewhat sensitive to over browsing and intrusion by man.
Vegetation is sparse and broken by large areas of rock.
Vegetation is sparse and the primitive grandeur of the bare rock is more apparent .
Vegetation is sparse because of the young age of the flows and the lower amount of rainfall.
Vegetation is sparse but the environment here is known to support the ivory-spined agave plant.
Vegetation is sparse but the environment is known to support the ivory-spined agave plant.
Vegetation is sparse but very diverse and hardy.
Vegetation is sparse due too low rainfall.
Vegetation is sparse except for trees in higher elevation.
Vegetation is sparse in most areas, and shade is hard to find.
Vegetation is sparse in most areas, except in riparian zones along streams.
Vegetation is sparse in the canyon, restricted to the banks of the wash and the slopes just above.
Vegetation is sparse on most of the site.
Vegetation is sparse to nonexistent in central desert areas.
Vegetation is sparse, but prairie falcons have been seen hunting over most of the lowland areas.
Vegetation is sparse, dwarfed and starved, particularly in the northern part of the region.
Vegetation is sparse, leaving wide-open spaces for insect catching.
Vegetation is sparse.
Vegetation is still extremely dry.
Vegetation is taller and denser with more trees than in the arid zone.
Vegetation is the basis for animal life.
Vegetation is the best protection because it both absorbs and uses water.
Vegetation is the handle by which wetland types can be most easily recognized.
Vegetation is the sum total of all plants on a landscape.
Vegetation is thick and includes thickets of saw palmetto .
Vegetation is thick with birch and spruce trees.
Vegetation is tough and needs a lot of chewing to break it down into small pieces.
Vegetation is typical mountain grasses, sagebrush with scattered patches of pine and aspen trees.
Vegetation is typical of that found along bluffs of the Mississippi River.
Vegetation is typical of the boreal forest.
Vegetation is used as an indicator of bioclimate, habitat, aesthetics, site productivity, etc.
Vegetation is used at two different levels in the classification.
Vegetation is used to cover the fur-lined nest between feeds.
Vegetation is used to obscure most entrances.
Vegetation is varied and sparse except for heavy riparian growth in the creek bottom.
Vegetation is varied due to cropping and different soil conditions in the area.
Vegetation is very on the surface.
Vegetation is very sparse around the craters.
Vegetation is very sparse, limiting the role of fire.
Vegetation is very sparse.
Vegetation is what makes soil permeable.
Vegetation is woody or herbaceous or both.
Vegetation isa aggregation.
Vegetation isa collection.
Vegetation largely determines the types of animals that can live on a plot of land.
Vegetation lines the banks, painting a surprising green stripe through the desert landscape.
Vegetation living on the soil dies, decomposes, and is mixed with the upper part of the soil.
Vegetation makes it impossible to leave the roadway.
Vegetation means any nonwoody plant.
Vegetation mixes with reddish-looking soil, and there are some cultivated fields.
Vegetation moderates temperatures and increases humidity.
Vegetation needs soil with lots of nutrients.
Vegetation needs to be harvested when conditions permit.
Vegetation never increases slope stability.
Vegetation now grows particularly well over the volcanic rock formed by the dikes.
Vegetation obstructing the vision of vehicular or pedestrian traffic is our first priority.
Vegetation opens up interesting possibilities for the study and management of the plant world.
Vegetation plays a major role in determining the biological composition of the soil.
Vegetation plays a major role in determining the composition of the soil.
Vegetation pokes through the lava.
Vegetation prevents contaminants from entering water bodies, protecting water quality.
Vegetation prevents erosion, provides food and shelter for fish and wildlife.
Vegetation prevents soil from washing into our streams and rivers.
Vegetation produces relatively large quantities of water vapor compared with bare soil.
Vegetation protects soil from wind erosion by reducing the wind speed at the soil surface.
Vegetation protects the soil from raindrop impact.
Vegetation provide food, shelter and nest sites for many animals.
Vegetation provides basic food.
Vegetation provides cover and habitat for small birds and animals.
Vegetation provides cover for small birds and animals.
Vegetation provides environments.
Vegetation provides excellent conditions for both livestock and wildlife.
Vegetation provides excellent food.
Vegetation provides food.
Vegetation provides habitats.
Vegetation provides ideal habitats.
Vegetation provides important resources.
Vegetation provides meals.
Vegetation provides nesting spots for birds and food for insects, waterfowl and aquatic mammals.
Vegetation provides resources.
Vegetation provides sanctuaries.
Vegetation provides shelter.
Vegetation provides sources.
Vegetation ranges from alpine tundra to treeless bogs.
Vegetation ranges from cattail and sedge wetlands to big bluestem uplands.
Vegetation ranges from desert agave, ocotillo and creosote to mountain pinon pine and juniper.
Vegetation ranges from fen and wet prairie to sand prairie.
Vegetation ranges from heavily forested river channels to alpine meadows at higher elevations.
Vegetation ranges from juniper and sagebrush to fir, spruce, pine and western larch.
Vegetation ranges from juniper and sagebrush to fir, spruce, pine, and western larch.
Vegetation ranges from lush forest to dry savanna, sparse deserts and palm tree lined coastal areas.
Vegetation ranges from lush subtropical to prairie.
Vegetation ranges from microscopic algae to giant trees.
Vegetation ranges from rare cacti in the lower elevations to blue spruce in the highest areas.
Vegetation ranges from semi-desert grassland to mixed conifer.
Vegetation ranges from woodland to low woodland, with small areas of open-scrub.
Vegetation really appears to be alive, ambient life and creatures grazing are very convincing.
Vegetation reduces erosion and the quantity of sediment transported to the stream.
Vegetation reduces runoff and protects the cave from siltation and agricultural chemicals.
Vegetation reduces soil erosion and helps make the land productive again.
Vegetation reduces soil erosion and sediment transport to streams and rivers.
Vegetation reduces the runoff volume, and the amount of sediment that goes into our water.
Vegetation reflects light differently than soil or concrete o r rooftops or trees.
Vegetation reflects underlying differences in landform and topography.
Vegetation remains upright and visible throughout the year.
Vegetation resists the flow of water through wetlands.
Vegetation responds to climate change directly and indirectly.
Vegetation responses to grazing management on a foothill sheep range.
Vegetation responses to helicopter and ground based logging in blackwater floodplain forests.
Vegetation responses to local climate changes induced by a water-storage reservoir.
Vegetation responses to local climatic changes induced by a water-storage reservoir.
Vegetation responses to past climatic variation.
Vegetation responses to spring burning in an improved pasture in central Pennsylvania.
Vegetation responses to the managed forest landscape of central and northern Ontario.
Vegetation responses to wildfire in native versus exotic Arizona grassland.
Vegetation responses to wildfire in native vs. exotic Arizona grassland.
Vegetation roughens the surface of the earth, causing air to flow less smoothly.
Vegetation seeks out any source of water.
Vegetation shades the whole way.
Vegetation shows up as bright red.
Vegetation shows up red on here whereas ponds and lakes are dark.
Vegetation slows runoff and allows water to seep into the ground.
Vegetation slows runoff from storms and allows water to percolate into the soil.
Vegetation stabilizes coastal dunes.
Vegetation stabilizes the dunes in two ways.
Vegetation stabilizes the sand and keeps it from blowing around.
Vegetation stabilizes the sand, preventing the wind from forming dunes.
Vegetation stabilizes the soil.
Vegetation stabilizes the stream bank and maintains a high water table.
Vegetation starts a food web.
Vegetation strongly influences regional weather systems, as well as climate.
Vegetation surrounds habitats.
Vegetation surrounds wildlife habitats.
Vegetation tends to attract baitfish, which in turn keeps predators like largemouth close by.
Vegetation tends to grow in clumps or tussocks.
Vegetation there comprises three native tidal marsh grasses.
Vegetation trampling is common to all camps, although it increases with the duration of the camp.
Vegetation traps wind-blown sand and then grows up through the new sand accumulation.
Vegetation typically includes perennial grasses and herbs.
Vegetation typifies the mid-short grass prairie, but scattered stands of ponderosa pine occur.
Vegetation varies according to amount of water available.
Vegetation varies by elevation and exposure.
Vegetation varies from grasslands in lower elevations to mixed conifers in higher elevations.
Vegetation varies from high desert grassland to coniferous forest.
Vegetation varies from humid tropical forest to stunted woodland, savannah and thickets.
Vegetation varies from light to dark depending on species.
Vegetation varies from low elevation chaparral to tall pine and fir forest in the high country.
Vegetation varies from prairie to dense stands of ponderosa pine.
Vegetation varies from sagebrush and annual grasses to mixed coniferous forests.
Vegetation varies from thick evergreen trees to moss and lichens.
Vegetation varies from tropical rain forest to grasslands to barren volcanic areas.
Vegetation varies in different areas or plant communities.
Vegetation varies widely throughout the Basin.
Vegetation varies widely, ranging from giant cypress to pine and various hardwoods.
Vegetation varies with elevation and aspect.
Vegetation varies with the elevation.
Vegetation varies within the area.
Vegetations typically develop along the closing surface of the valve.
Vegetation often is in flower or has pastel shades.
All vegetation gradually disappears as one enters the Sahara region.
All vegetation is cleared by hand during excavation- to avoid disturbing data.
All vegetation is fuel for a wildfire, though some trees and shrubs are more flammable than others.
All vegetation is produced by the sun.
All vegetation is removed over the dump area.
All vegetation requires and transpires massive amounts of water during the growing season.
All vegetation uptakes water and transpires it.
Any vegetation is better than none.
Most vegetation absorbs light.
Most vegetation attracts deer.
Most vegetation attracts grasshoppers.
Most vegetation can recover completely from a limited amount of use.
Most vegetation competes with seedlings.
Most vegetation contains trees.
Most vegetation contains water.
Most vegetation covers bottoms.
Most vegetation has low quality.
Most vegetation has quality.
Most vegetation has thick leaves.
Most vegetation includes cattails.
Most vegetation includes grass and brush.
Most vegetation includes grass.
Most vegetation includes perennial grass.
Most vegetation includes roses.
Most vegetation includes shrubs.
Most vegetation includes tall trees.
Most vegetation includes trees.
Most vegetation is dominated by grass.
Most vegetation is drought or salt tolerant.
Most vegetation provides basic food.
Most vegetation provides environments.
Most vegetation provides excellent food.
Most vegetation provides food.
Most vegetation provides habitats.
Most vegetation provides ideal habitats.
Most vegetation provides important resources.
Most vegetation provides meals.
Most vegetation provides resources.
Most vegetation provides sanctuaries.
Most vegetation provides shelter.
Most vegetation provides sources.
Most vegetation surrounds habitats.
Most vegetation surrounds wildlife habitats.
Much vegetation is endemic, including some types of eucalyptus-forest and forms of kwongan.
Some vegetation absorbs precipitation.
Some vegetation absorbs sound.
Some vegetation attracts birds.
Some vegetation becomes evergreen plants.
Some vegetation becomes plants.
Some vegetation covers paths.
Some vegetation grows on the site along the fence line.
Some vegetation has conifers.
Some vegetation has various conifers.
Some vegetation has well-defined chemical thresholds for damage.
Some vegetation includes acacias.
Some vegetation includes alders.
Some vegetation includes oak.
Some vegetation includes tag alders.
Some vegetation is an indication of particular minerals lying beneath it.
Some vegetation is dominated by trees.
Some vegetation produces isoprene in conjunction with photosynthetic activity.
Some vegetation provides fluid sustenance.
Some vegetation provides places.
Some vegetation provides shades.
Some vegetation provides sites.
Some vegetation provides sustenance.
Some vegetation surrounds homes.
Vegetational cover predicts the sex ratio of hatchling turtles in natural nests.
Vegetational diversity is a hallmark of the Costa Rican landscape.
Vegetational formations heighten the visual effect.
Vegetational motifs are frequent, as is gold embroidery, and the colours are generally bright.
Vegetative areas are essential to filter the water before it enters watersheds.
Vegetative barriers provide excellent treatment of stormwater as it runs off impervious surfaces.
Vegetative barriers reduce erosion from wind by reducing unsheltered distance across fields.
Vegetative borders protect and shade streams.
Vegetative branches grow from lower nodes, typically below the fruiting branches.
Vegetative buds are numerous on the crown and primary and secondary roots.
Vegetative buds grow into plants.
Most vegetative buds grow into plants.
Vegetative canes develop the first year, bear fruit the second year, and die after fruiting.
A vegetative cell is a cell
Vegetative cells are bacteriums.
Vegetative cells are diploid, and gametes are the only haploid stages.
Vegetative cells are the normal, photosynthetic cells formed under favorable growing conditions.
Vegetative cells are the site of photosynthesis and carbon fixation.
Vegetative cells are uninucleate.
Vegetative cells divide by binary fission.
Vegetative cells form spores under adverse conditions as a means of survival.
All vegetative cells contain two sets of chromosomes.
Vegetative cover dominates wet meadows so that there is little or no open water.
Vegetative cover includes fir, aspen, pine, and juniper.
Vegetative cover is interpreted from the photographs prior to commencement of field work.
Vegetative cover is interpreted from the photographs prior to the commencement of field work.
Vegetative cover is relatively inexpensive to achieve and tends to be self-healing.
Vegetative cover is relatively inexpensive to establish on most disturbed sites in North Carolina.
Vegetative cover is sparse and limited to areas where shallow sand or gravel accumulate.
Vegetative cover is the best defense against soil erosion.
Vegetative cover is very low.
Vegetative cover reduces the impacts of rain that can loosen soil particles to cause erosion.
Vegetative cover varies with annual precipitation.
Vegetative form is an obligate intracellular parasite.
Vegetative growth begins in the spring with bud swell.
Vegetative growth can also change the look of the surroundings.
Vegetative growth is associated with younger plants and the production of leaves.
Vegetative growth is by hyphal elongation and carbon catabolism is obligatory aerobic.
Vegetative growth is cyclical with pronounced growth flushes.
Vegetative growth lasts longer with only four plants.
Vegetative growth occurs in springs.
Vegetative growth requires for development.
Vegetative growth requires nitrogen which is absorbed from the soil.
Vegetative growth stops when reproduction begins.
Most vegetative growth occurs in springs.
Most vegetative growth requires for development.
Vegetative material is available for increase.
Vegetative means are necessary to reproduce a variety.
Vegetative methods are strongly preferred unless structural methods are cost-effective.
Some vegetative multiplication takes places.
Vegetative parts are red, especially undersides of leaves and often reddish streaks along stem.
Vegetative plants produce flowers.
Most vegetative plants produce flowers.
Vegetative planting takes more time than planting seed.
Vegetative plantings replace plant life lost through water ponding, erosion and saltwater intrusion.
Vegetative presence is largely a waste of time.
Vegetative propagation allows multiplying cultivars that produce no viable seeds.
Vegetative propagation can be by cuttings, budding or marcotting.
Vegetative propagation can occur naturally or artificially.
Vegetative propagation helps to alter the size of the plant.
Vegetative propagation is a form of asexual plant reproduction.
Vegetative propagation is common in plants like orchids, ornamental plants and grasses.
Vegetative propagation is especially beneficial to the agriculturists and horticulturists.
Vegetative propagation is essential.
Vegetative propagation is necessary to assure a very uniform crop for each variety.
Vegetative propagation is possible but only with some difficulty.
Vegetative propagation is possible, in order to perpetuate a particular cultivar.
Vegetative propagation is possible.
Vegetative propagation is preferred for ensuring a rapid harvest and specific plant clones.
Vegetative propagation is preferred in order to hasten bearing and to reproduce the best selections.
Vegetative propagation is simply the transplanting of large or small pieces of the turfgrass.
Vegetative propagation is the only method of retaining the cultivar form.
Vegetative propagation is through rhizomes.
Vegetative propagation produces new plants without forming flowers and seeds.
Vegetative recruitment is more prevalent for spotted lady's slipper than seedling establishment.
Some vegetative reduction exists to increase reproductive capacity.
Vegetative regeneration is apparently the primary mode of reproduction.
Some vegetative regeneration follows fire.
Vegetative reproduction arises from fission, fragmentation, or by the formation of the hormogonia.
Vegetative reproduction enables a stand of toadflax to spread rapidly.
Vegetative reproduction happens through fragmentation of the filaments.
Vegetative reproduction involves layering.
Vegetative reproduction involves no mixing of genes from two parents.
Vegetative reproduction involves no special reproductive cells.
Vegetative reproduction involves parents.
Vegetative reproduction is an alternative.
Vegetative reproduction is asexual cloning of a plant.
Vegetative reproduction is by cyst formation.
Vegetative reproduction is by rhizomes.
Vegetative reproduction is common in perennial grasses.
Vegetative reproduction is common in the grass family.
Vegetative reproduction is done by an extensive rhizome system.
Vegetative reproduction is faster and give rise to exact copies of selected high quality plant.
Vegetative reproduction is favored in the tropics.
Vegetative reproduction is important because of low seed viability.
Vegetative reproduction is known from bryophytes where sexual reproduction has never been seen.
Vegetative reproduction is the formation of new individuals by mitosis.
Vegetative reproduction is the primary means of postburn regeneration in desert peach.
Vegetative reproduction is the primary mechanism of spread.
Vegetative reproduction is the primary mode of regeneration.
Vegetative reproduction is their primary means of expansion.
Vegetative reproduction is very common, by the production of propagules.
Vegetative reproduction occurs after injury.
Vegetative reproduction occurs by fission or fragmentation or by the formation of hormogonia.
Vegetative reproduction occurs from both crown and root buds.
Vegetative reproduction occurs through rhizomes, tubers, bulbs, or budding roots.
Vegetative reproduction occurs through runners or stolons.
Vegetative reproduction represents the primary mode of postfire regeneration in chokecherry.
Vegetative reproduction uses plants parts such as roots, stems and leaves.
Most vegetative reproduction involves parents.
Some vegetative reproduction occurs naturally, usually via modified vegetative organs.
Vegetative residues reduce raindrop impact and reduce the wind velocity at the soil surface.
Some vegetative responses provide responses.
Vegetative roofs can absorb a portion of the sound that otherwise bounces off hard roofing surfaces.
Vegetative roofs have important acoustical benefits, especially for higher frequency sounds.
Vegetative roofs offer interesting new opportunities for architectural design.
Vegetative shoots are more tolerant than seedlings.
Vegetative shoots arise from adventitious buds located on Canada thistle roots.
Vegetative shoots develop from roots.
Most vegetative shoots develop from roots.
Vegetative species exhibit elaborate defense mechanisms to ward off viral attack.
Vegetative stabilization is preferred over riprap to control shoreline erosion.
Vegetative stems are commonly one foot tall or shorter, but can reach nearly two feet.
Vegetative structure determines where elk can be found throughout the year.
Vegetative structures provide numerous survival and competitive advantages to a creeping perennial.
Vegetative subdivisions are more attractive than stripped lots.
Vegetative suppression is applicable both before weed establishment and after weed control.
Vegetative surfaces remove gaseous pollutants from the air, particularly when they are wet or damp.
Vegetative tillers can produce an infinite number of leaves.
Vegetative uses are an integral part of traditional tribal subsistence activities.
Vegetative vigor is related to maximum root and shoot production.
Vegetative wetland is a natural system with no added chemicals in it.
Vegeterian food is available too.
Vegeterian food is more tasteful.
Veggie burgers are also available, but stick with the beef.
Veggie burgers are also available.
Veggie burgers are also better than regular burgers.
Veggie burgers are available in the freezer section at most grocery stores.
Veggie burgers are available through the Harvest Burgers web page.
Veggie burgers are burgers.
Veggie burgers are probably the next most common.
Many veggie burgers contain cheese.
Many veggie burgers contain no soy and are made from vegetables and grains.
Veggie dishes are available.
Veggie dogs are also lower in calories, fat, and cholesterol than hot dogs.
Veggie dogs are really popular right now.
Veggie dogs are the first choice for the reason stated above.
Veggie dogs are the obvious alternative to the mainstream baseball fare.
Veggie dogs are very popular now and are desirable to a lot of people.
Some veggie dogs have more protein and iron and less sodium than do hot dogs.
Every veggie meal comes with a packet of honey, and a cup of nuts and raisins.
A veggie is produce
Veggie plates A crop of meatless meals worth going out for.
Veggie wraps they've got amazing salmon specials.
Veggies also get a simple, but thoroughbred, treatment.
Veggies are a hit in oils and vinegars.
Veggies are also useful for a lot of other things.
Veggies are fun too.
Veggies are great because they have tons of vitamins and minerals .
Veggies are great because they have tons of vitamins and minerals.
Veggies are no problem in summer.
Veggies are on the march.
Veggies are one of the worst examples.
Veggies are superb off the grill, as is corn and some fruit.
Veggies are tender.
Veggies are usually good quality, with somewhat smaller selection than the States.
Veggies cook very fast in steam and it's easy to end up with mushy, overcooked peas or broccoli.
Veggies is sold in health food, gourmet and specialty stores nationwide.
Veggies sound great.
Veggies Take soil samples for soil test now.
Veggies Unite A tasty treat for vegetarians offer many mouth-watering recipes ideas.
Veggies Unite Online vegetarian resource guide.
All veggies are fresh and uncanned and the meats are lean.
Vegi alternatives are available.
Vegitarian times has a monthly magazine with new vegitarian menus and shopping lists.
More vehement critics call it a national crime.
Vehicle accidents cause the majority of serious injuries in the field and on deployment.
Vehicle accidents is a very big problem around the world.
Vehicle accidents related to drunk driving are still too frequent.
Vehicle accidents remain one of the leading causes of death and injury in Kosovo.
Vehicle accidents remain the leading cause of children's accidental deaths.
Some vehicle accidents result in injuries.
Vehicle batteries produce highly-combustible gases, which, if ignited, can cause explosions.
Vehicle battery is to be disconnected.
All vehicle batteries contain sulfuric acid and produce hydrogen and oxygen gases.
Some vehicle categories have various lower maximum limits enforced by speed limiters .
Vehicle collisions are a major cause of accidents as farmers transport their equipment and grain.
Vehicle conversions hold tremendous potential in terms of both our business and the environment.
Vehicle crashes are a leading cause of death and severe injury across generations in the state.
Vehicle crashes are also the primary cause of on-the job death and injury in the United States.
Vehicle crashes are the leading cause of brain injuries.
Vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death in the workplace.
Vehicle crashes are the leading cause.
Vehicle crashes involve cars.
Vehicle crashes kill more children than any other cause.
Most vehicle crashes involve cars.
Some vehicle crashes occur in fog.
Vehicle design dictates quantity.
Vehicle design is also a system type of design problem and includes significant human factors.
Vehicle design is therefore a crucial factor in achieving good crashworthiness and low aggressivity.
Vehicle designs change each year and so do government regulations.
Some vehicle designs rely on the windshield to deflect the airbag towards the passenger.
Vehicle doors can open unexpectedly, so pass parked vehicles with caution.
Vehicle emissions affect environments.
Vehicle emissions are a major cause of air pollution.
Vehicle emissions are a major contributor to air pollution.
Vehicle emissions are a significant contributor to Pennsylvania's air pollution problems.
Vehicle emissions are an important source of VOCs.
Vehicle emissions are major ingredients of harmful, ground-level ozone.
Vehicle emissions are one of the top reasons.
Vehicle emissions are primary contributors to harmful ozone present in our atmosphere.
Vehicle emissions are the biggest source of smog-forming pollutants.
Vehicle emissions are the major source of benzene released to the environment.
Vehicle emissions are the single biggest contributor to Canada's air pollution problem.
Vehicle emissions can affect the environment in several ways.
Vehicle emissions contribute significantly to ground level ozone production.
Vehicle emissions contribute to air pollution.
Vehicle emissions contribute to pollution.
Vehicle emissions pollute our air and help create ground-level ozone, a major component of smog.
Vehicle emissions vary greatly depending on a number of factors, including engine load.
Most vehicle emissions affect environments.
Most vehicle emissions contribute to air pollution.
Most vehicle emissions contribute to pollution.
Most vehicle emissions occur when an automobile s engine is cold.
Most vehicle emissions occur when an automobile's engine is cold.
Most vehicle emissions occur when the engine and catalytic converter are cold.
Most vehicle emissions occur when the engine is cold.
Some vehicle emissions can cause cancer.
Vehicle exhaust consists of numerous highly toxic small particles and contributes to ozone problems.
Vehicle exhaust contributes significantly to Europe's greenhouse gas emissions.
Vehicle exhaust is the major source of carbon monoxide pollution in the Denver metropolitan area.
Vehicle exhaust is the major source of carbon monoxide pollution in the Denver-metropolitan area.
Vehicle exhausts contains carbon monoxide and small traces of volatile organic compounds.
Vehicle fires can be very dangerous.
Most vehicle fires originate within the engine compartment.
Vehicle hire can be from one day to serveral months if required.
Vehicle hire is expensive in Uganda.
Vehicle inspection is designed to help reduce smog and carbon monoxide levels.
Vehicle inspection is required immediately after registration.
Vehicle inspection is the most effective program to reduce air pollution from vehicles.
Vehicle inspections are performed at our facility.
Vehicle inspections involve exposure to varying weather conditions and fumes.
Vehicle instrument are used to show things about a car.
Vehicle insurance is a specialized coverage prescribed by statute.
Vehicle insurance is included in the price, subject to damage excess.
Vehicle insurance is mandatory.
Vehicle manufacturers are aware of the rollover problem.
Vehicle manufacturers are liable for damage their products do to people.
Vehicle manufacturers have different requirements for starting the clock.
Vehicle manufacturers have to comply with federal regulations in the construction of their products.
Vehicle manufacturers use rubber because it works very well as a noise and vibration isolator.
Most vehicle manufacturers nominate a torsion wrench setting for bearing assemblies.
Most vehicle manufacturers recommend regular brake fluid changes on a time basis, eg.
Some vehicle manufacturers offer vehicles equipped with side airbags.
Some vehicle manufacturers use engines.
Vehicle noise is a combination of the noises produced by the engine, exhaust, and tires.
Vehicle registration applies for ultralight vehicles and exempt vehicles used for training purposes.
Vehicle registration is a requirement for either permit.
Vehicle registration is helpful.
Vehicle registration is processed during each semester through the academic departments.
Vehicle registration is required of all students, faculty, and staff.
Vehicle registration is required on Fort Bragg.
Vehicle registration is required.
Vehicle registration is solely for taxation purposes to pay for public roads.
Vehicle registration occurs during the registration process.
Vehicle registration relates specifically to The Highway Traffic Act .
Vehicle registration requires title or proof of ownership and proof of insurance.
Vehicle registrations expire on the expiration date indicated on decal or permit.
Vehicle regulations apply throughout the year.
All vehicle regulations apply to motorcycles, motor bikes and motor scooters.
Vehicle safety depends on how a tire runs, especially at high speeds.
Vehicle safety remains a key concern in a vehicle purchase decision.
Vehicle simulators are nothing new.
Vehicle theft can happen anyplace and at anytime.
Vehicle theft costs Illinois residents almost a day.
Vehicle theft is rife, with many cars being taken into Zambia.
Vehicle theft is very prevalent here.
Any vehicle type can win, from small vans and mini-pickups to turnpike triples.
A vehicle is transport
Vehicle admits can only be authorized by the owner of the vehicle in question.
Vehicle augments the penetration of the steroid.
Vehicle can ride above the beam, hang from the beam or run astride the beam.
Vehicle catches fire, driver flees the scene.
Vehicle charging is a complimentary service to hotel guests and visitors.
Vehicle continues to accelerate into a clear blue sky.
Vehicle continues to bounce after passing over bumps.
Vehicle creates no mental picture in the reader's mind, while forklift does.
Vehicle defect offences - Comprises construction and use and lighting offences.
Vehicle displays gold pin striping, burgundy vinyl upholstery, curved shafts, very elegant.
Vehicle driven by the claimant is an older model with minimal coverage.
Vehicle entering stop intersection.
Vehicle goes very straight on any track, even Bakersfield.
Vehicle includes tall soft top with frame as well as removable windshield wiper assembly.
Vehicle is abandoned on campus.
Vehicle is all steel, no fiberglass.
Vehicle is always under factory warranty.
Vehicle is available for purchase or exchange.
Vehicle is equipped to operate legally in any state.
Vehicle is equipped with onboard foam.
Vehicle is hard to start after cold soak at high altitudes and low ambient temperatures.
Vehicle is in central Iowa.
Vehicle is in excellent shape.
Vehicle is in great shape.
Vehicle is in Ogden.
Vehicle is linked to service invoices.
Vehicle is linked to work order.
Vehicle is located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Vehicle is manufactured from plates, so simply our aim is to test a plate near to an explosion.
Vehicle is noncommercial.
Vehicle is now on fire.
Vehicle is parked in violation of a posted sign.
Vehicle is parked overnight.
Vehicle is positively buoyant.
Vehicle is race ready.
Vehicle is repaired before the loss is reported.
Vehicle is required.
Vehicle is shown as an asset on the balance sheet.
Vehicle is still under manufacturer's warranty.
Vehicle is to be fully serviced and ready for immediate use.
Vehicle is to be of the current year at the time of delivery.
Vehicle is to have a locking gas cap.
Vehicle is to have no more than tank of gas in it.
Vehicle is used for commuting.
Vehicle is well balanced and is made of ash wood to keep weight down.
Vehicle is white in color with lots of rust spots.
Vehicle isa transport.
Vehicle kills per sortie are far less than the theoretical maximum for each type of aircraft.
Vehicle make and model year.
Vehicle make, model, year, or value has absolutely nothing to do with acceptance.
Vehicle makes and models are subject to change without notice.
Vehicle making a turn at an intersection strikes a pedestrian.
Vehicle means cars, vans, trucks, and buses.
Vehicle mount portable printers are also available.
Vehicle mount without arm socket.
Vehicle moves to one side when braking.
Vehicle needs nothing, runs and looks like brand new.
Vehicle only runs for a short time.
Vehicle passes for two vehicles included in rental.
Vehicle passes valid for vehicle only.
Vehicle passes-for the above.
Vehicle permits for parking are one source of revenue.
Vehicle provides additional armor, but it is vulnerable to heavy weapons.
Vehicle remains aerodynamic while on highway.
Vehicle runs and can be driven.
Vehicle runs sluggishly.
Vehicle speeds up and slows down with no acceleration or braking by driver.
Vehicle supported trips are popular.
Vehicle trajectories with and without priority have no large variation.
Vehicle travel off forest roads.
Vehicle Wash For spot free rinses.
Vehicles abound in the story.
Vehicles account for almost one-third of all smog causing pollution.
Vehicles account for more than half.
Vehicles account for the bulk of equipment leased in Brazil.
Vehicles actually outnumber licensed drivers.
Vehicles add a lot to the game.
Vehicles also can monitor and diagnose themselves.
Vehicles also contribute to the formation of ground-level ozone, or smog.
Vehicles also emit nitrogen oxides and hydrocarbons which contribute to acid rain and smog.
Vehicles also kill many rabbits.
Vehicles also produce greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming.
Vehicles also require bilingual egress window instruction labels.
Vehicles are a great way to introduce concepts.
Vehicles are a major contributor to ground-level ozone pollution in the Houston area.
Vehicles are a part of development.
Vehicles are air conditioned and wheelchair accessible.
Vehicles are air conditioned, have plenty of luggage space and wheelchair access is available.
Vehicles are almost completely unimpeded in their ability to maneuver within the traffic stream.
Vehicles are also a major cause of smog, so less driving means cleaner air.
Vehicles are also available for hourly or day charter.
Vehicles are also available to provide transportation for the disabled.
Vehicles are also limited to the load rating marked on the tires by the tire manufacturer.
Vehicles are also subject to towing at the owner's expense.
Vehicles are also the leading source of hydrocarbons in urban runoff.
Vehicles are an asset to the work.
Vehicles are another dangerous place to be in a tornado.
Vehicles are as definitely liquids as pigments are solids.
Vehicles are available at each group home and within the supported living programs.
Vehicles are available for daily rental or monthly leases.
Vehicles are available for inspection upon request.
Vehicles are available for pick up in cities throughout the world.
Vehicles are available for service and social action group use.
Vehicles are available from any of our depots located in Brisbane, Cairns and Sydney.
Vehicles are available on demand, instead of running on fixed schedules.
Vehicles are bizarre for a racing game with options to race a train, an alien craft and a motorbike.
Vehicles are British.
Vehicles are capable of carry.
Vehicles are capable of travel.
Vehicles are classified by weight, type, and effect on routes.
Vehicles are cleaned before entering the exclusion zone.
Vehicles are currently in service in Saudi Arabia, Australia, the U.S. and Canada.
Vehicles are durable and can be taken outside for diorama use.
Vehicles are easier to find than people.
Vehicles are easy prey for the reapers.
Vehicles are easy targets and often contain property attractive to thieves.
Vehicles are eligible for the concessions only for a period of one year.
Vehicles are for official business only and are to be used by authorized faculty and staff.
Vehicles are group based on their performance potential and market segments.
Vehicles are in good position.
Vehicles are in very bad shape.
Vehicles are issued on a first come, first serve basis.
Vehicles are least safe parked at the curb, more safe in the driveway and most safe in the garage.
Vehicles are limited to certain parking areas within each village, just ask.
Vehicles are limited to designated roads.
Vehicles are located in freeways.
Vehicles are located in streets.
Vehicles are long and short on different attributes depending on their intended purpose of use.
Vehicles are luxury sedans in superb condition.
Vehicles are machines.
Vehicles are major contributors to ground-level ozone pollution in the Houston area.
Vehicles are major sources of urban air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions.
Vehicles are Meant to provide a family approximately two years of service.
Vehicles are mechanical, and problems do arise.
Vehicles are mechanisms.
Vehicles are mediums.
Vehicles are mobile.
Vehicles are modern and clean.
Vehicles are modern, fully enclosed and maintained in a spotless condition.
Vehicles are new, immaculately clean, fully licensed and insured.
Vehicles are no longer able to fire at enemies which are out of range.
Vehicles are notorious as death traps in tornadoes, because they are easily tossed and destroyed .
Vehicles are now computerized machines.
Vehicles are on a first come first sever basis.
Vehicles are on balance sheet.
Vehicles are on of the larger consumer purchases made each year.
Vehicles are on some sections as well.
Vehicles are one base, vehicle units are three bases.
Vehicles are one of the dominant sources of urban air pollution in South Asia.
Vehicles are only a polite intrusion as they travel to hidden spaces.
Vehicles are our largest local source of smog-causing pollutants.
Vehicles are pervasive.
Vehicles are physical objects.
Vehicles are plentiful.
Vehicles are probably the single worst offenders.
Vehicles are ready to be dispatched at a moment's notice.
Vehicles are rider-controlled.
Vehicles are right-hand drive.
Vehicles are roomy, attractive, and well maintained.
Vehicles are safer now, with air bags and seat belt compliance.
Vehicles are scarce.
Vehicles are several models and colors of autos and trucks, as well as motorcycles.
Vehicles are sometimes present but people are rare.
Vehicles are still a problem, especially the replacement of older ones.
Vehicles are subject to all registration requirements.
Vehicles are subject to annual charges as set forth in budgetary instructions.
Vehicles are subject to availability and reservation confirmation.
Vehicles are subject to availability at time of rental.
Vehicles are subject to availability at time of reservation.
Vehicles are subject to availability.
Vehicles are subject to availabilty.
Vehicles are subject to being ticketed if parked in a no parking area.
Vehicles are subject to inspection every six months.
Vehicles are subject to police inspection.
Vehicles are subject to prior sale.
Vehicles are subject to search for cause upon request.
Vehicles are subject to search on state property.
Vehicles are subject to ticketing if spaces are used inappropriately.
Vehicles are subject to towing.
Vehicles are subject to wear as they age.
Vehicles are substances.
Vehicles are suspiciously hard to pilot with precision.
Vehicles are the fastest growing source of emissions.
Vehicles are the greatest danger a worker encounters in a work zone.
Vehicles are the largest source of NOx.
Vehicles are the major source of hydrocarbons at urban locations.
Vehicles are the number one source of air pollution in Oregon.
Vehicles are the primary source of such emissions.
Vehicles are the single greatest source of pollutants in Northern Virginia.
Vehicles are the top source of hazardous air pollution in Washington.
Vehicles are there to complement the air aspect.
Vehicles are to be guided around freeway ring to avoid traffic jam and to get off at a proper ramp.
Vehicles are to be kept off fields except for maintenance purposes.
Vehicles are to be locked when left unoccupied.
Vehicles are to be parked in marked bays.
Vehicles are to be parked in the assigned campsite only.
Vehicles are to be parked in the parking lot only.
Vehicles are to be parked in their assigned camp site only.
Vehicles are to be parked only in areas designated by signs as parking areas.
Vehicles are to be parked only in driveways and parking areas on the property being visited.
Vehicles are to be registered no later than the end of the first week of the semester.
Vehicles are to be returned clean.
Vehicles are to be returned to the motor pool upon completion of travel.
Vehicles are to be returned with at least three quarters of a tank of gas.
Vehicles are to be returned with no less than three-fourths fuel level.
Vehicles are to be stopped for pedestrians at marked crosswalks.
Vehicles are to remain on formed roads.
Vehicles are top quality and the drivers are professional.
Vehicles are twice as efficient.
Vehicles are twice as likely to be involved in severe frontal crashes than in severe side crashes.
Vehicles are used for mobility.
Vehicles are used for travel.
Vehicles are wheelchair accessible.
Vehicles are white vans with red and blue lettering .
Vehicles are, after all, a major purchase, second only to buying a home.
Vehicles arrive and depart in large numbers at class changes.
Vehicles automatically become a part of the estate when the deceased is the sole owner.
Vehicles based in Perry County include an intermediate and basic backup ambulance.
Vehicles bearing expired permits are subject to enforcement action.
Vehicles block crosswalks at stoplights, forcing pedestrians through a maze of vehicles.
Vehicles built in one nation are likely to be used in many others.
Vehicles Built to Order Can Take Up to A Year to be Completed.
Vehicles can accommodate wheelchairs and scooters.
Vehicles can also carry the virus.
Vehicles can also survive a lot more abuse than their real counterparts.
Vehicles can alter skin absorption.
Vehicles can be extremely crowded.
Vehicles can be subject to vandalism, particularly since parking lots are somewhat isolated.
Vehicles can become immobilized driving through heavy forest or rubble.
Vehicles can bring the disease from farm to farm.
Vehicles can do damage.
Vehicles can drive directly into the cargo hold via an hydraulic ramp.
Vehicles can drive on our beach.
Vehicles can drive on the beach at other marked locations during daylight hours.
Vehicles can enter and leave the stack at only one end.
Vehicles can enter the site from the north or from the east.
Vehicles can feature opening doors, headlights and accessory plastic components for realism.
Vehicles can go right upto the spot.
Vehicles can hydroplane there pretty quick in a pond like that.
Vehicles can negotiate sharp curves in order to go over city streets.
Vehicles can pass through in any direction without stopping.
Vehicles can permanently damage the surface.
Vehicles can sell up to four times their original value in other countries.
Vehicles can sink as in quicksand.
Vehicles can take serious damage, losing body panels and spare tires along the mission.
Vehicles carry gasoline.
Vehicles carry people.
Vehicles carry permanent magnets.
Vehicles cause cracks in the seal then push water underneath, leading to holes.
Vehicles Click on a link to browse the ads in that section.
Vehicles Click on any of the photos below to view a full size picture.
Vehicles Click on the pictures to download the models.
Vehicles come from around the northwest for all to enjoy.
Vehicles come in all shapes and sizes, just like people.
Vehicles come off the green and apex the corner at pretty high speeds.
Vehicles compact snow and the surface can be very slippery.
Vehicles continue to increase in size, power, and fuel consumption.
Vehicles continuously pour out over a distant railroad crossing at the base of a hill.
Vehicles covered under the law are any self propelled vehicle designed to travel public highways.
Vehicles deposit corrosive de-icing salts used on roadways onto the parking deck surfaces.
Vehicles die instantly.
Vehicles displaying their permits improperly are subject to enforcement action.
Vehicles doing so are subject to towing and ticketing.
Vehicles drive on the deck.
Vehicles drive on the left side of the road as they do in England, Australia and Japan.
Vehicles drive on the left side of the road, and the steering wheel is on the right side of the car.
Vehicles drive on the left, when walking along the road, walk facing traffic.
Vehicles drive on the left.
Vehicles drive on the left-hand side of the road as they do in Britain, Australia, and Japan.
Vehicles drive on the right, roads are generally good.
Vehicles emit carbon monoxide, a pollutant that robs the body of oxygen, which is hard on the heart.
Vehicles encumber as they facilitate.
Vehicles entering a roundabout have right of way.
Vehicles entering stop crosswalk.
Vehicles entering the site are the sole responsibility of the owner.
Vehicles feature opening doors and trunk.
Vehicles find it easy to get bogged down in the treacherous swamp.
Vehicles formerly owned by leasing companies are often late model vehicles with high mileage.
Vehicles get stuck and break down.
Vehicles going both directions have to share a single lane road.
Vehicles grind to a halt.
Vehicles handle a lot differently on dirt roads.
Vehicles have (part) sections.
Vehicles have a hitch weight limit and a tow limit.
Vehicles have a separate numbering system.
Vehicles have a single point of articulation between two bodies mounted on three bogeys.
Vehicles have advantage.
Vehicles have an access to the place too.
Vehicles have and are going to have an increasing number of sensors.
Vehicles have batteries.
Vehicles have consumption.
Vehicles have dead batteries.
Vehicles have defective or insufficient brakes, parking brake or parking gear.
Vehicles have engines.
Vehicles have fronts.
Vehicles have gasoline.
Vehicles have less emissions than they used to.
Vehicles have limits.
Vehicles have many advantage.
Vehicles have many more advantage.
Vehicles have momentum.
Vehicles have no human operators on board.
Vehicles have no prior knowledge of the layout of the course.
Vehicles have pneumatic tires.
Vehicles have radios.
Vehicles have right of way at road crossings.
Vehicles have significant advantage.
Vehicles have size limits.
Vehicles have smell.
Vehicles have so many moving parts - all of which can break down, wear out, go bad and stop working.
Vehicles have so many moving parts - all of which can break down, wear out, or just stop working.
Vehicles have the capability of shooting torpedoes.
Vehicles have to be rented.
Vehicles have to be returned in the same conditions and with the same equipment.
Vehicles have to slow down dramatically when they re turning around the loop ramps.
Vehicles have two-way voice communications with interior video recordings.
Vehicles have wheels.
Vehicles heading to points north or south go through the town.
Vehicles Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Vehicles here are right hand drive and travel on the left of the road.
Vehicles hired are to remain within the boundaries of South Africa.
Vehicles hit and kill many gopher tortoise.
Vehicles imported from non-EU countries face additional customs duties.
Vehicles includes aircraft, cars, boats, trains, copters, and more.
Vehicles kill hundreds of deer each year in Washington.
Vehicles leave on the half-hour, otherwise as above.
Vehicles leave the inner campus by the shortest route.
Vehicles Line up in column in preparation for movement to the initial staging area.
Vehicles loaded within manufacturer recommendations remain level.
Vehicles lose their rhythm.
Vehicles make the best blinds for wildlife viewing from roads.
Vehicles making turns are particularly dangerous.
Vehicles move down the track because of gravity.
Vehicles move people.
Vehicles Move up three times faster than a man on foot.
Vehicles normally depreciate very quickly the first few years.
Vehicles normally wait at city terminals to obtain a full load, but there are frequent departures.
Vehicles now cost many thousands of dollars and medical costs have soared recently.
Vehicles now take the place of yaks on the high flat plateau.
Vehicles obstructing snow removal are subject to towing.
Vehicles occupying more than one space are subject to parking citation.
Vehicles operated in maximum service exclude atypical days or one-time special events.
Vehicles owned by military personnel are subject to tax at their home of record.
Vehicles park in an assortment of directions on and off the curbs.
Vehicles parked illegally are subject to citation or towing.
Vehicles parked illegally are subject to ticketing and towing.
Vehicles parked illegally are subject to tow-away at the owner's expense.
Vehicles parked illegally are subject to wheel-clamping or towing.
Vehicles parked in dormitory roadways are in violation of parking rules and regulations.
Vehicles parked in fire lanes are subject to immediate tow.
Vehicles parked in fire lanes, service drives, on sidewalks, paths or grass are subject to tow.
Vehicles parked in front of any campus building are subject to towing.
Vehicles parked in other areas are subject to ticketing and towing.
Vehicles parked in private parking lots next door are subject to towing.
Vehicles parked in spaces assigned to other units are subject to being towed.
Vehicles parked in turnouts can be landmarks for access trails.
Vehicles parked inappropriately are subject to being towed.
Vehicles parked on school property are subject to search by authorized personnel.
Vehicles parked on school property are subject to search.
Vehicles parked on school property are under the jurisdiction of the school.
Vehicles parked on streets become obstructions to snowplowing.
Vehicles parked without permits are subject to citation.
Vehicles pick up passengers at their home or other locations as requested.
Vehicles play more of an important role due to map size.
Vehicles pollute from the tailpipe, under the hood and from the gas tank.
Vehicles pose a serious threat for burrowing owls roosting along roads.
Vehicles powered by fuel cells offer important advantages over conventionally powered vehicles.
Vehicles produce a large percentage of air pollution.
Vehicles produce a large share of our greenhouse gas emissions.
Vehicles produce their own types of signature as do helicopters.
Vehicles provide energy.
Vehicles provide motive power.
Vehicles provide power.
Vehicles purchased by offical diplomats are tax exempt.
Vehicles range from tanks to buggies to jetpacks to even hover boards and ambulances.
Vehicles range from VERY early to modern.
Vehicles range in size, shape and type of fuel used.
Vehicles react faster and with much more precision, regardless of shape or size.
Vehicles receive scheduled periodic maintenance based on mileage or time.
Vehicles reduce speed at road bends.
Vehicles remaining are subject to towing at owners expense.
Vehicles remaining are subject to towing at owners' expense.
Vehicles remaining over two hours are subject to ticketing or towing at the violator's expense.
Vehicles rented are subject to our standard rental agreement.
Vehicles require much less maintenance than they once did.
Vehicles require reservations.
Vehicles roll on rubber wheels before levitation is achieved.
Vehicles select their targets based on a random draw from the list of acquired enemy vehicles.
Vehicles sell immediately after the real es tate.
Vehicles show amazing amount of detail when they get struck.
Vehicles shown are examples only.
Vehicles shown here are available for personal viewing in our Calgary showroom.
Vehicles shown or mentioned are subject to prior sale.
Vehicles simply drive onto the rail cars.
Vehicles simply leave when they are full.
Vehicles sound like they're flatulent.
Vehicles spread out when going fast and pack together when moving slowly.
Vehicles starting and stopping at intersections can create a more slippery pavement.
Vehicles still account for two-thirds of our air pollution.
Vehicles still contribute too much to our air pollution and global warming problems.
Vehicles stop at designated shuttle stops only.
Vehicles swerve unexpectedly to avoid potholes.
Vehicles take workers on a sometimes bumpy one-mile drive to the current mining area.
Vehicles then appear bright green on a black background and are much easier to spot.
Vehicles then drive over the surface and the pavement collapses, causing the pothole.
Vehicles towing trailers are treated as a single vehicle and are subject to the same limitations.
Vehicles travel at high speeds here and encounter difficult left-hand turns.
Vehicles travel dirt roads only in armed convoys.
Vehicles travel on the left, and traffic approaches from the right.
Vehicles travel on the left, traffic approaches from the right.
Vehicles travel on the upper deck and trains on the lower deck.
Vehicles typically require the overall thrust to change direction over the length of the burn.
Vehicles undergoing change of ownership are ineligible.
Vehicles use brakes.
Vehicles use components.
Vehicles use gasoline.
Vehicles used are reasonable but comfort can be limited by the group size.
Vehicles used are the choice of shuttle service.
Vehicles used for ground transportation vary greatly.
Vehicles used here include email, telephones, salespeople, interactive web pages.
Vehicles used in a combat zone require more than minimum maintenance.
Vehicles used in competition or off road are exempt from any and all warranties.
Vehicles using alternative fuels save money on fuel and maintenance costs.
Vehicles using road fuel gases emit significantly fewer pollutants than petrol and diesel vehicles.
Vehicles vary enormously in their responses to emergency input.
Vehicles violating the snow removal ordinance are subject to ticketing and towing.
Vehicles weigh out prior to leaving the site.
Vehicles often fill up at central or outer terminal points and then run non-stop.
Vehicles often leave stains behind where they've leaked oil.
Vehicles often lose the most value during the first couple of years.
Vehicles often stop in middle of road without lights.
Vehicles often stop in the middle of the road without lights.
Vehicles usually arrive without temporary tags.
Vehicles usually have a raised roof for additional headroom.
All vehicle show to help find a cure for prostate cancer.
All vehicles apply.
All vehicles are accessible.
All vehicles are air-conditioned and competitively priced.
All vehicles are air-conditioned and the rates reasonable.
All vehicles are air-conditioned.
All vehicles are American designs except where noted.
All vehicles are at risk for theft.
All vehicles are automatic, air-conditioned with radio cassette.
ALL vehicles are available for inspection prior to purchase, however at the customers expense.
All vehicles are black except for the reserve's vehicles.
All vehicles are capable of handling medical calls and fighting fires.
All vehicles are clean and well maintained.
All vehicles are complete unless noted.
All vehicles are current models, designed for New Zealand conditions.
All vehicles are custom creations and built when ordered.
All vehicles are dual controlled and air-conditioned.
All vehicles are eligible for our full range of financing and leasing products.
All vehicles are fact.
All vehicles are for sale by their owners.
All vehicles are front-row ready to sell.
All vehicles are gasoline-powered unless otherwise noted.
All vehicles are good targets for the opportunist and professional thieves.
All vehicles are in best shape and well maintened.
All vehicles are in excellent condition.
All vehicles are in good condition and insured.
All vehicles are in mint and immaculate condition.
All vehicles are in perfect conditions.
All vehicles are in running condition with current emission certification unless otherwise noted.
All vehicles are in top condition for the satisfaction of the overseas buyer.
All vehicles are in working order.
All vehicles are latest with air conditioning and equipped with mobile phones.
All vehicles are lift-equipped to accommodate persons with mobility aids.
All vehicles are lift-equipped.
All vehicles are limited to parking in designated lots.
All vehicles are limited to parking in designated spots.
All vehicles are non-smoking.
All vehicles are on public display.
All vehicles are professionally fleet maintained with regularly scheduled maintenance programs.
All vehicles are programmable.
All vehicles are radio equipped and are complete fire fighting units irrespective of size.
All vehicles are real vehicles.
All vehicles are recent models and well maintained for a smooth and luxurious ride.
All vehicles are right hand drive and are ready to drive on UK roads.
All vehicles are select-call units.
All vehicles are subject to an annual safety inspection.
All vehicles are subject to availability at time of booking .
All vehicles are subject to availability.
All vehicles are subject to be searched.
All vehicles are subject to being weighed at any time at the request of the officials.
All vehicles are subject to inspection by tech inspector only, at any time.
All vehicles are subject to manufacturer's discretion.
All vehicles are subject to prior sale or withdrawal.
All vehicles are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal.
All vehicles are subject to prior sale.
All vehicles are subject to prior sales.
All vehicles are subject to search.
All Vehicles are suitable for inside, as well as outside use.
All vehicles are suitable for inside, as well as outside.
All vehicles are the owner's responsibility.
All vehicles are to be approved by park manager.
All vehicles are to be banned from South African beaches.
All vehicles are to be banned from South Africa's beaches.
All vehicles are to be driven into parking spaces front-end first.
All vehicles are to be parked in designated parking areas only.
All vehicles are to be parked in lots behind the Lodge after gear is unloaded at sites.
All vehicles are to be registered with-in the first two weeks of a semester.
All vehicles are video taped entering the district, providing a criminal activity deterrent.
All vehicles are welcome.
All vehicles are wheelchair accessible and package delivery is available.
All vehicles are wheelchair accessible.
All Vehicles are wheelchair-accessible.
All vehicles are white with a blue reflective stripe running full length front to back.
All vehicles are without warranty unless otherwise stated, or written on the automobile.
All vehicles being registered in Texas for the first time are subject to safety inspection.
All vehicles carrying hazmats, but specific requirements can vary by state.
All vehicles chauffeur driven, Saloon cars private hire.
All vehicles circulate around a central island.
All vehicles circulate around the central island.
All vehicles come with a nationwide certified warranty.
All vehicles come with complimentary mini-bar and tuxedo clad chauffeurs.
All vehicles come with driver and unlimited miles.
All vehicles come with metallic paint.
All vehicles come with warranties.
All vehicles contribute some emissions, whether through their use, manufacture or disposal.
All vehicles count towards frequency rate.
All vehicles depreciate in value.
All vehicles depreciate, or lose value, fastest during the first three years.
All vehicles differ between cities.
All vehicles do.
All vehicles drive on the left hand side of the road ie.
All vehicles end up at the same body shop for repair.
All vehicles entering ADC property are subject to search at any time.
All vehicles entering the Savannah River Site are subject to search.
All vehicles experience significant wear when started dry.
All vehicles feature smart livery and uniformed drivers.
All vehicles feature two-point safety belts as a minimum.
All vehicles feature wheelchair lifts.
All vehicles get arctic rated lubes as well as battery, oil, and glycol heaters.
All vehicles have a common month of expiration, which is mutually agreed upon.
All vehicles have a seat belt for everybody.
All vehicles have a separate electrical ignition switch.
All vehicles have a stereo and driver's and passenger's side air bags.
All vehicles have access for wheelchairs.
All vehicles have air conditioning and free unlimited miles.
All vehicles have air conditioning, cruise control, power locks and fabric upholstery.
All vehicles have air conditioning, tape decks, and equipment racks.
All vehicles have air-conditioning, satellite navigation and the use of a telephone.
All vehicles have cellular phones.
All vehicles have different handling characteristics.
All vehicles have fully functional doors, hatches, wheels and other accessories.
All vehicles have large outside decks for more unrestricted observation.
All vehicles have manual transmission.
All vehicles have phones.
All vehicles have radios to allow communication at any time.
All vehicles have spare tires because tires can lose air.
All vehicles have to stop when a school bus stops.
All vehicles have what is known as a jacking point.
All vehicles including motorcycles, mopeds and motor scooters require permits.
All vehicles listed are subject to prior sale, offers subject to end without notice.
All vehicles listed here are subject to prior sale.
All vehicles meet or exceed federal emission mandates.
All vehicles parked on campus without valid permits displayed are subject to being ticketed.
All vehicles remain closed and locked after dark.
All vehicles require a credit card deposit upon retrieval.
All vehicles require a hitch to pull a trailer.
All vehicles require day-use permits while in state park permit area.
All vehicles require functioning headlights and taillights.
All vehicles require prepayment or are automatically canceled.
All vehicles required by federal standards to have seat belts.
All vehicles return to designated parking areas.
All vehicles send to North Africa arrived there painted in their original dark grey.
All vehicles sold are lien free.
All vehicles sold as is.
All vehicles still require correctly adjusted static timing.
All vehicles stored at the compound are there as a result of a criminal investigation.
All vehicles subject to inspection prior to entry to facility.
All vehicles transporting waste material are to be covered to prevent littering.
All vehicles welcome.
Any vehicle assigned is placed in the safe-keeping of the assigned officer during private use.
Any vehicle being driven after the permit has expired is by law, an abandoned vehicle.
Any vehicle being driven after the permit has expired is considered an abandoned vehicle.
Any vehicle can access the resort, which is located at the end of a paved road.
Any vehicle can easily make it to the trailhead.
Any vehicle can pretty much run around the board as the player sees fit.
Any vehicle entering the campus is subject to current traffic and parking regulations.
Any vehicle expenses, stationary, computer expenses, subscriptions, professional dues, etc.
Any vehicle is at risk when crossing a bridge that has been weakened by overweight trucks.
Any vehicle is hybrid when it combines two or more sources of power .
Any vehicle is parked in a designated carpool space without displaying an approved carpool permit.
Any vehicle parked in a fire zone is subject to towing without warning.
Any vehicle parked in a red zone is subject to citation and immediate impound.
Any vehicle parked on a sidewalk is subject to removal.
Any vehicle parked on a snow emergency street is subject to ticketing and towing.
Any vehicle parked on campus requires a current NMSU permit, unless parked in the free lots.
Any vehicle parked on campus without a valid form of parking authorization is subject to citation.
Any vehicle presenting a hazard by obstructing a fire lane or a fire hydrant is towed immediately.
Any vehicle requiring motor vehicle registration is subject to all regulations.
Any vehicle used to transport a contaminated individual is to be considered contaminated.
Any vehicle wanting to be at the finish line needs to be there before the walk starts.
Every vehicle goes through a servicing schedule including mechanical, paint panel and trim.
Every vehicle going into or out of Chechnya on that road is inspected.
Every vehicle has a different speed to it.
Every vehicle has a front roll center and rear roll center.
Every vehicle has a yellow tag in the window, with the price clearly written for everyone to see.
Every vehicle has blind spots and in general the larger the vehicle, the larger the blind spot.
Every vehicle has lights on the dash.
Every vehicle is a critical care unit on wheels.
Every vehicle is assembled in a single location.
Every vehicle is disassembled and all parts are added to our computerized inventory.
Every vehicle is guaranteed.
Every vehicle is kept pristine inside and out.
Every vehicle is placed thru a stringent multi point inspection.
Every vehicle is priced to sell and is a great deal.
Every vehicle is registered with a number, so no one can jump the queue.
Every vehicle is required to have some type of insurance on it.
Every vehicle is restored to factory specifications.
Every vehicle is reviewed and rated in every category ranging from price to handling to options.
Every vehicle is tested for acceptable acoustic signature levels prior to delivery.
Every vehicle sold here qualifies for at least a one-year warranty.
Many vehicles already have a large number of electronic control systems.
Many vehicles are accessible.
Many vehicles are available with limited slip differentials as a factory option.
Many vehicles are deceptive with regard to length or size.
Many vehicles are dependent on repulsorlifts for terrestrial operation.
Many vehicles are in poor condition, travel very slowly and are likely to break down at any time.
Many vehicles are old and lack standard front or rear lights.
Many vehicles are without barriers making it difficult for women to travel safely.
Many vehicles can accommodate more than one group size.
Many vehicles carry their own smoke grenade systems.
Many vehicles have an adjustable seat belt mount for driver and front passenger.
Many vehicles have automatic front wheel limiting valves.
Many vehicles have holes drilled behind the rear seat to hold a tether anchor.
Many vehicles have saffron curtains.
Many vehicles have such antennas, particularly in rural Louisiana parishes.
Many vehicles lack certain options that detract from the value.
Many vehicles operate with threadbare tires and blowouts are common.
Many vehicles operate with threadbare tires, and blowouts are common.
Many vehicles pass through our hands each month.
Many vehicles perform as if their engines are sipping air through a tiny straw.
Many vehicles sell sight unseen before they even arrive on our driveway.
Many vehicles slow down, some precipitously, as they climb the various grades.
Many vehicles still have a few critical lubrication fittings.
More vehicles are able to move through intersections during peak travel periods.
More vehicles are on the road, but they have better engines that require fewer oil changes.
More vehicles are on the road.
More vehicles means more fuel is needed, and more emissions are produced.
Most vehicles also have a sticker with information on correct tire pressure.
Most vehicles are accessible.
Most vehicles are filthy and run-down.
Most vehicles are like small power-plants on wheels, using gasoline as their source of fuel.
Most vehicles are strictly non-smoking.
Most vehicles are subject to availability, season and to minimum days.
Most vehicles are taken because the owners are careless or much too trusting.
Most vehicles are wheelchair accessible.
Most vehicles arrive by sea , via cargo ships.
Most vehicles arrive by sea, by way of a shipping vessel.
Most vehicles built in the past decade have attachment points for tether hardware.
Most vehicles built in the past ten years have tether anchor points built in.
Most vehicles can use chains on the rear if there is about an inch of clearance all around the tire.
Most vehicles carry gasoline.
Most vehicles carry people.
Most vehicles come equipped with snow tires.
Most vehicles depreciate as they get older.
Most vehicles equipped with side curtain airbags also include side torso airbags.
Most vehicles have a potentially fatal flaw.
Most vehicles have advantage.
Most vehicles have batteries.
Most vehicles have 'blind spots'.
Most vehicles have consumption.
Most vehicles have dead batteries.
Most vehicles have engines.
Most vehicles have excellent paint and no weather related damage.
Most vehicles have front anti-roll bars.
Most vehicles have fronts.
Most vehicles have gasoline.
Most vehicles have limits.
Most vehicles have many advantage.
Most vehicles have many more advantage.
Most vehicles have many wires already passing through the firewall.
Most vehicles have momentum.
Most vehicles have placards to indicate vehicle manufactures recommended air pressures.
Most vehicles have radios.
Most vehicles have significant advantage.
Most vehicles have size limits.
Most vehicles have such a mechanism as standard.
Most vehicles have tether anchor kits available.
Most vehicles have tiny or nonexistent windows.
Most vehicles manufactured in the last decade have at least one microprocessor under the hood.
Most vehicles peter out sooner.
Most vehicles provide energy.
Most vehicles provide motive power.
Most vehicles provide power.
Most vehicles receive an emissions control component inspection.
Most vehicles require a smog inspection at the time of transfer.
Most vehicles seem to hover slightly above the ground that they move over.
Most vehicles tend to drive in the center of the road unless another vehicle is present.
Most vehicles transport only one person.
Most vehicles use brakes.
Most vehicles use components.
Most vehicles use disc brakes on the front wheels.
Most vehicles use gasoline.
Some vehicle makes and models are stolen more frequently than others, thus they cost more to insure.
Some vehicles also carry water to douse wildfires and equipment to burn out.
Some vehicles also contain, or can be used as, weapons to mow down monsters.
Some vehicles also have side airbags available.
Some vehicles also qualify as exemptions.
Some vehicles also require multiple people to operate.
Some vehicles are accessible.
Some vehicles are also available from stock.
Some vehicles are category busters, defying easy classification.
Some vehicles are checked with the transmission in park, others require it to be in neutral.
Some vehicles are cigar-shaped, but the more common type is shaped like two inverted saucers.
Some vehicles are clearly more popular than others.
Some vehicles are crazy over speed, but they have less grip.
Some vehicles are electric, some are solar-powered, some are single passenger micro vehicles.
Some vehicles are futuristic, such as the moon rover, and some are blasts from the past.
Some vehicles are limited production vehicles, as well as some colors.
Some vehicles are more costly to repair or replace, or damage more easily.
Some vehicles are more fuel efficient than others, even within the same category.
Some vehicles are more likely than others to be involved in an injury-causing accident.
Some vehicles are more likely to be carrying drugs than others.
Some vehicles are more prone to vapor lock than others.
Some vehicles are more suited to particular modifications than others.
Some vehicles are more vulnerable to off-road rocker panel damage than others.
Some vehicles are noisier than others.
Some vehicles are old and lack standard front or rear lights.
Some vehicles are outstanding and glowing reviews almost write themselves.
Some vehicles are powered by natural gas as well.
Some vehicles are worth more than NADA trade in value, and some are worth less.
Some vehicles call for both front and rear alignment to be checked.
Some vehicles can be both.
Some vehicles can change dramatically from test to test.
Some vehicles carry goods.
Some vehicles carry soccer teams.
Some vehicles carry teams.
Some vehicles carry women.
Some vehicles cause damage.
Some vehicles come with only one type of transmission.
Some vehicles continue to carry passengers with only a temporary approval.
Some vehicles continue year to year with few changes.
Some vehicles cost more to insure and maintain than others.
Some vehicles do a rolling burn out and others do a standing burn out to heat the tires.
Some vehicles do show up, but invariably are too full to take on new passengers.
Some vehicles do, too.
Some vehicles even have four wheel anti-lock brakes.
Some vehicles experience hard start at high altitudes and cold conditions.
Some vehicles flash the warning lights during startup.
Some vehicles get power from animals.
Some vehicles get power from engines.
Some vehicles get power from human muscles.
Some vehicles get power from wind.
Some vehicles go through brakes faster than others.
Some vehicles have a deluxe bonnet with a rounded leading edge.
Some vehicles have a drain plug for the rear axle.
Some vehicles have a rear engine with the tank in the forward compartment.
Some vehicles have a single slideout and others have as many as three.
Some vehicles have adjusting screws, which allow the light to be aimed.
Some vehicles have air conditioning.
Some vehicles have air resistance.
Some vehicles have automatic shoulder belts with lap belts that are fastened manually.
Some vehicles have automatic transmissions.
Some vehicles have diagonal-split systems, linking the front left brake to the right rear brake.
Some vehicles have history reports.
Some vehicles have no power.
Some vehicles have rear seat head restraints which function in the same way.
Some vehicles have resistance.
Some vehicles have struts instead of shocks.
Some vehicles have tendencies.
Some vehicles have the traction light on when the system is active during low traction driving.
Some vehicles have up to nine airbag components.
Some vehicles hit deer.
Some vehicles hover over water, while some submerge partially, and others sink completely.
Some vehicles kill deer.
Some vehicles kill elk.
Some vehicles leave roads.
Some vehicles lose energy.
Some vehicles move on land.
Some vehicles move on or in the water.
Some vehicles require no kit.
Some vehicles require supplemental attachment hardware to ensure proper fit of child safety seats.
Some vehicles still have that space ship look, with a solar sail or an odd aerodynamic shape.
Some vehicles use a pre-converter as well, to perform a similar function.
Some vehicles use banks of supercapacitors for storing energy instead of batteries.
Some vehicles use natural gas.
Some vehicles use packs.
Some vehicles utilize multiple devices or systems to create one system for the vehicle.
Vehicles fires are so dangerous that firefighters wear full protective fire themselves safe.
Vehicular access is good, but no pedestrian access is available.
Vehicular access is restricted to authorized traffic.
Vehicular accidents are accidents.
Vehicular accidents are now one of the leading causes of death in Brunei.
Vehicular accidents are the number one cause of coma.
Vehicular accidents cause the most danger to travelers.
Vehicular assault is a Class D felony.
Vehicular assault is identified as a Class E felony under New York State law.
Vehicular crossings require courage but are perfectly safe.
Vehicular deaths kill innocent victims and cause millions upon millions of dollars in damages.
Vehicular emissions are a significant problem in all major cities.
Vehicular exhaust is a major source of carbon monoxide.
Vehicular feticide is divided into two degrees.
Vehicular gridlock is commonplace.
Vehicular homicide is a first-degree misdemeanor.
Vehicular homicide is a misdemeanor that carries a maximum possible jail sentence of six months.
Vehicular implementation pushes the limits of the existing mobile systems infrastructure.
Vehicular manslaughter carries a heavier penalty than reckless driving.
Vehicular mode is virtually exhaust free, carries graviton gun in robot mode.
Vehicular mode is weighted, almost impossible to overturn.
Vehicular movement is how gypsy moth came to Michigan.
Vehicular parking is in a nearby underground parking garage.
Vehicular signs use reflective vinyl to enhance nighttime readability.
Vehicular tires constitute the most important single item in terms of volume.
Vehicular traffic causes additional compaction that results in turf loss and tree and shrub decline.
Vehicular traffic is a nightmare.
Vehicular traffic is by far their largest source.
Vehicular traffic is confined to perimeter roadways wherever possible.
Vehicular traffic is heavier, restaurants more crowded, cocktail parties on the increase.
Vehicular traffic is heavy throughout the day.
Vehicular traffic is inspected at the checkpoint by officers manning positions at the freeway.
Vehicular traffic is limited to local access to sites along the street segment.
Vehicular traffic is limited to the boat launch area.
Vehicular traffic is monitored through gates and guardhouses.
Vehicular traffic is more likely near the trailhead and less likely farther out.
Vehicular traffic is permitted only on entry and exit roadways.
Vehicular traffic is traffic
Vehicular traffic is traffic.
All vehicular traffic is restricted in Mexico City in order to reduce air pollution.
Vehicular travel is enhanced with the street map functions and driving directions.
Vehicular travel is limited to established roads now located on leased property.
Vehicular turf provides valuable alternative uses, present and future.
Vehicular use is limited to designated roads.
Vehicular wreckage is everywhere and people are dashing about in a panic.
A veil is a garment
Veils add a resin-rich surface to pultruded parts, and can also reduce wear on pultrusion machinery.
Veils are a beautiful, sensuous and mystical way to exercise and express oneself.
Veils are a kind of non-verbal communication .
Veils are a kind of non-verbal communication.
Veils are accessories.
Veils are fingertip length and often trimmed in satin and given a sparkly sheen.
Veils are located in weddings.
Veils are ordered separately from headpieces, please see our veiling page for specific information.
Veils are traditionally two layers, though some brides get three.
Veils can be plain or embroidered.
Veils come in different styles and lengths.
Veils constitute the principal part of most head-dresses.
Veils dance in the light of full-spectrum rainbows.
Veils draw like private blinds.
Veils sparkle within.
All veils are fully returnable, less and shipping and handling charges if paid.
Some veils are four feet long.
Veiled chameleons are chameleons.
Veiled chameleons are native to deserts of Yemen and southern Saudi Arabia.
Veiled chameleons are omnivores, eating insects, leaves, and flowers.
Veiled chameleons are one of the largest chameleons available in the pet trade.
Veiled chameleons are shy in nature.
Veiled chameleons are the easiest and make the best pets for beginners.
Veiled chameleons are typically hardy chameleons.
Veiled chameleons are very hardy chameleons that can withstand a large range of temperatures.
Veiled chameleons do best in screen-sided enclosures because of the increased airflow.
Veiled light is an expression of our lack of development.
Veiled threats are subtle.
Veiled women are apt to be driving taxis, working in stores and in libraries.
A vein is a blood vessel
Vein branching angles are also diverse across species.
Vein isa body part.
Veins accompany the arteries listed above.
Veins affect hearts.
Veins also have valves to prevent the backflow of blood.
Veins also help to support the leaf.
Veins appear blue because light penetrating the skin, is absorbed and reflected back to the eye.
Veins appear blue because light, penetrating the skin, is absorbed and reflected back to the eye.
Veins are a very low-pressure, low stress conduit.
Veins are blood vessels that carry blood to the heart.
Veins are blood vessels that return blood from the body to the heart and lungs to get more oxygen.
Veins are blood vessels through which blood travels from all parts of the body back to the heart.
Veins are blood vessels which carry blood back to the heart.
Veins are blood vessels which carry blood to the heart from various parts of the body.
Veins are blood vessels.
Veins are clearly visible.
Veins are composed of xylem and phloem.
Veins are darker and slightly wider than corresponding arteries.
Veins are darker green.
Veins are depsoits of foreign material within a rock fracture.
Veins are elastic vessels that transport blood to the heart.
Veins are especially sensitive to pressure.
Veins are flat and have thinner walls than arteries.
Veins are frequently multiple and variations are common.
Veins are horizontal and lateral and run toward the left atrium below the hilum.
Veins are inset on the upper sides of the leaves, and raised on the undersides.
Veins are larger than arterioles and are darker in color.
Veins are much thinner than arteries and under much lower blood pressure.
Veins are part of circulatory systems.
Veins are randomly oriented and are filled with calcite and Fe-oxyhydroxides.
Veins are ribs.
Veins are small and fragile.
Veins are smaller.
Veins are the blood vessels responsible for returning deoxygenated blood to the heart.
Veins are the only blood vessels that have valves.
Veins are the structural support for the photosynthetic tissue of the leaf.
Veins are the tubes in our bodies that carry blood throughout the body.
Veins are the vessels that carry blood from various parts of the body back to the heart.
Veins are the vessels that take fluid out of the legs and back up to the heart.
Veins are thin-walled and can expand more than arteries.
Veins are thin-walled and soft.
Veins are usually larger in diameter and thinner-walled than arteries.
Veins are very prominent on the leaves.
Veins are vessels that bring blood to the heart.
Veins are visible.
Veins are white and prominent.
Veins are yellow or possibly somewhat pink.
Veins become bright red.
Veins become extremely prominent and pronounced in appearance.
Veins become larger and larger as they get closer to the heart.
Veins become more prominent on the surface of the breast.
Veins become more prominent on the surface of the breasts.
Veins bring blood tethe heart.
Veins bring blood to the left and right atria.
Veins bring blood.
Veins bring strength of every part.
Veins bring xylem and phloem into close contact with photosynthetic tissue.
Veins bulge and feel heavy.
Veins can be prominent in pregnant and fair-skinned women.
Veins carry blood back to the heart as well as carry waste away from cells.
Veins carry blood back to the heart once the oxygen and food have been used by the body's cells.
Veins carry blood back to the heart.
Veins carry blood from capillaries to the heart.
Veins carry blood from organs to atria of heart.
Veins carry blood low in oxygen from various parts of the body back to the heart.
Veins carry blood that has circulated from the body back to the heart.
Veins carry blood that is higher in waste products and carbon dioxide back to the heart and lungs.
Veins carry blood to our heart.
Veins carry blood to the heart and enter the heart through the vena cava .
Veins carry blood to the heart and enter the heart through the vena cava.
Veins carry blood toward heart, from tissues.
Veins carry blood with waste products away from the udder.
Veins carry blood without oxygen to the heart from the muscles.
Veins carry blood.
Veins carry deoxygenated blood back to the lungs.
Veins carry deoxygenated blood from parts of the body to the heart.
Veins carry food and water in a leaf.
Veins carry the blood from the legs back to the heart.
Veins carry the blood through the body and back to the heart.
Veins carry the oxygen poor blood back to the heart.
Veins carry warm blood.
Veins carry waste products for removal .
Veins carry water and nutrients within the leaf.
Veins collect blood.
Veins collect the deoxygenated blood and carry it back to the heart.
Veins come close, textures too.
Veins commonly host the economic minerals.
Veins constitute the vascular tissue with the xylem on top and phloem below.
Veins contain blood.
Veins contain dark red blood.
Veins contain mesophyll.
Veins contain red blood.
Veins contain valves to assist blood flow.
Veins converge to form a venous circle before leaving the mammary gland.
Veins deal with blood that is being returned to the heart.
Veins deliver blood.
Veins drain to the thymic vein .
Veins draining the lower part of the body lead to the inferior vena cava .
Veins draining the upper portion of the body lead to the superior vena cava .
Veins draw rust.
Veins end in sharp pointed teeth.
Veins essentially form when extension in a rock produces a crack.
Veins fill with blood.
Veins follow leaf edges.
Veins freely anastamose.
Veins generally arise from capillary beds at the tail ends of arteries.
Veins get bigger as they go toward the heart .
Veins get bigger as they go toward the heart.
Veins give the wings structure, strength and support.
Veins go lighter in color.
Veins harden internally from repeated use.
Veins have (part) corpi.
Veins have a thinner muscle layer and less elastic tissue than arteries.
Veins have arrangements.
Veins have dense, straight hairs.
Veins have less smooth muscle, but it is also of great importance.
Veins have one-way valves to keep gravity from pulling the blood downward.
Veins have one-way valves to prevent backflow of blood.
Veins have particular arrangements.
Veins have small valves that allow blood to flow only one way, back up to the heart.
Veins have thinner walls and tend to have wider lumens.
Veins have thinner walls than arteries .
Veins have valves that allow blood to flow only towards the heart.
Veins have valves that are designed to prevent blood from flowing backwards due to gravity.
Veins have valves that stop blood from moving backward.
Veins have valves.
Veins help to get blood to the body parts.
Veins help to regulate the amount of blood flow.
Veins lead back to the heart, where blood gets pumped to the lungs.
Veins leave the thymus along with the efferent lymphatics via the septa.
Veins lie in loose superficial connective tissue.
Veins move blood.
Veins narrow the pipe and speed up the flow back to the heart.
Veins normally allow blood to go in one direction by having valves in the system.
Veins normally extend beyond end of flap.
Veins present large, robust, stable, and repeatable patterns.
Veins push blood toward the heart.
Veins rely on internal valves to keep blood flowing upward, against gravity.
Veins remain a bright green to contrast with the yellow open leaf areas.
Veins remain green at first but later lose color.
Veins remain green longer than the intervenal areas.
Veins remain green, and the yellow color develops between veins.
Veins remain green.
Veins require the muscles in our feet and legs to return the blood, against gravity, to the heart.
Veins return blood from the tissues to the heart, merge to become larger as they approach heart.
Veins run parallel for the length of the leaf, from the base to the apex.
Veins run parallel to the outside line, criss-crossing backward.
Veins serve both mechanical and conducting functions in the leaf, as in the stem.
Veins serve two purposes.
Veins stand out on temples, sweat glistens on foreheads.
Veins stand out on the parental neck.
Veins support the leaf, and carry water to the leaf and food back out into the rest of the tree.
Veins take blood back to the heart .
Veins take blood back to the heart.
Veins take blood to the heart.
Veins taking blood away from the penis get smaller , so less blood is taken through .
Veins taking blood away from the penis get smaller, so less blood is taken through.
Veins then carry the oxygen-depleted blood back to the heart for another ride.
Veins then deliver the oxygen-depleted blood back to the right half of the heart.
Veins turn black or brown.
Veins use the muscles in our feet and legs to return the blood, against gravity, to the heart.
Veins always carry blood to the heart.
Veins always carry deoxygenated blood in the adult animal.
Veins often varicose.
Veins sometimes extend beyond the edges of the leaves.
Veins usually occur on the underside of leaves.
Veins usually remain green.
All veins carry blood away from the heart.
All veins carry blood to the heart .
All veins carry blood to the heart.
All veins carry deoxygenated blood.
All veins wear out after many uses.
Every vein is collapsed.
Many veins follow the branching and distribution pattern of the artery of the same name.
Many veins have valves that allow blood flow in one direction only.
Most veins affect hearts.
Most veins bring blood.
Most veins carry blood that is low in oxygen back to the heart.
Most veins carry blood.
Most veins carry warm blood.
Most veins collect blood.
Most veins contain blood.
Most veins contain dark red blood.
Most veins contain red blood.
Most veins deliver blood.
Most veins fill with blood.
Most veins have arrangements.
Most veins have one-way valves called venous valves to prevent backflow caused by gravity.
Most veins have one-way valves that keep blood from going backwards .
Most veins have one-way valves that keep blood from going backwards.
Most veins have particular arrangements.
Most veins have valves.
Some veins carry carbon dioxide.
Some veins carry dioxide.
Some veins carry nutrients.
Some veins carry testosterone.
Some veins contain urea.
Some veins drain erectile tissue.
Some veins have veins.
Some veins leave ventricles.
Some veins show textural evidence for having remained open for to years.
Veinal chlorosis can be clearly seen on the bean seedling, there is also some marginal necrosis.
Veinal necrosis is often present.
A velar is a consonant
Velar stops become more front as the following vowel in the same syllable becomes more front.
Velco straps provide perfect fit and prevents splipping and sliding.
Velcro tape attached to the thin aluminum cover is recommended for fastening to the fuselage.
Velcro tape is a good way to keep everything together and yet flexible.
Velcro tape is included for the activation pad.
Velcro allows for a quick fit, can be worn under or over clothing.
Velcro balls Extra balls for the above game.
Velcro Bring it.
Velcro can make putting on the shoes much easier and faster.
Velcro closes the open side.
Velcro closes the shirt in back.
Velcro closes the yoke in back.
Velcro connects the boxes to each other and secures any loose wires.
Velcro does eventually wear out, but only after a great deal of use.
Velcro fastens the boot to the foot.
Velcro fly fastening at front as well.
Velcro fly with a lace-up overlay.
Velcro folds back for washing.
Velcro helps provide a secure footing on the dashboard.
Velcro holds poster material well.
Velcro holds the folds over any terrain.
Velcro holds things together without fasteners, buttons or zippers.
Velcro holds unit together as one piece.
Velcro is apparantly the one with 'character'.
Velcro is better.
Velcro is companies.
Velcro is connectors.
Velcro is especially ideal if carpet is to be set up on daily basis.
Velcro is extremely sensitive to heat.
Velcro is fasteners.
Velcro is in the class of materials called polymers .
Velcro is linty.
Velcro is located on the shoulder strap for securing a speaker.
Velcro is patented.
Velcro is reuseable, which fits in with the new mood of protecting yon environment.
Velcro is textiles.
Velcro is truly a great invention.
Velcro is usually the best defense here.
Velcro is wonderful.
Velcro keeps purse closed.
Velcro makes it easy to change pieces.
Velcro makes on and offs fast.
Velcro prevents pouch slippage, suspenders allow easy strap adjustment.
Velcro provides quick adjustment.
Velcro retaining strap secures magazine but provides easy access.
Velcro runs the entire length of the outside of each leg to fasten the front and back together.
Velcro s to slip strap.
Velcro secures the mitten to the back of the glove, keeping it out of the way.
Velcro still shows.
Velcro tends to wear out after a few months.
Velcro works best on laminated folders and pictures.
Velcro wraps around dense foam inserts.
Velcro wrists to snug up cuffs.
Velic closure prevents airflow into the nasal cavity.
A vellum is paper
Vellum enhances creativity by removing all impediments from the drawing process.
Vellum has associative dimensioning, HUGE time saver.
Vellum is compatible with many laser printers.
Vellum is embossed in red and brown detail on front, back and spine.
Vellum is extremely durable.
Vellum is lambskin, often used as a writing surface.
Vellum is manufactured for the final drawing.
Vellum is smooth too but feels velvety.
Vellum is strong, semi-transparent paper.
Vellum is translucent paper that can be printed on most laser and inkjet printers.
Vellum requires a floating point unit to run.
Vellum's a wild thing, the hide of a calf or a lamb.
Vellums are parchments.
A velocipede is a container
A velocipede is a vehicle
Velocipede is a shareware program.
A velociraptor is a dinosaur
Velociraptor means swift plunderer.
Velociraptor plays a major role in the film.
Velociraptors are highly intelligent pack hunters.
Velociraptors stalk the group to get their eggs back.
Velocity acceleration is caused by forces.
Some velocity curves reflect events.
Some velocity curves reflect physiological events.
Velocity field give a clear indication of the future transport of the scalar.
Velocity gradients make peaks appear in different locations in .
Velocity head is negligible and elevation change within a single pore is negligible.
Velocity of sound is largest in hydrogen among gasses.
Velocity pressure is considered only with dynamic compressors.
Velocity vectors show the interaction of airflow with equipment and personnel in a cleanroom.
A velocity is a rate
Velocities add .
Velocities add, etc.
Velocities are apparent velocities, computed along a straight array.
Velocities are heliocentric.
Velocities are in kilometers per second.
Velocities are much weaker than near the estuary mouth.
Velocities are necessary to compute the correct radial velocities maps.
Velocities are relative but acceleration is treated as absolute.
Velocities are relative to stable North America.
Velocities are relative to the Pacific plate.
Velocities are very similar in saturated, unconsolidated sediments.
Velocities can vary laterally along a given layer, and layers can pinch out.
Velocities correlate generally well with lithology and with velocity estimates published by others.
Velocities increase slowly downhole with very slight variation.
Velocities increase with average crustal age along ray paths.
Velocities Note velocities are as much an important part of feel as timing.
Velocities show lower crust convection.
Velocities shown are averages derived from the downhole sonic tool within each major logging unit.
Velocities shown are averages derived from the sonic velocity tool within each logging unit.
Velocity affects the amount of economic activity generated by a given money supply.
Velocity allows data and voice integration.
Velocity allows web page designers to embed simple yet powerful script elements in their web pages.
Velocity also has a full testing suite in order to perform regression testing.
Velocity also increases with increasing salinity and temperature.
Velocity becomes a potential provider of services.
Velocity can be inconsistent.
Velocity depends on compressibility, shear strength and density of material.
Velocity depends on direction.
Velocity depends primarily on temperature, less on pressure, and very little on salinity.
Velocity describes both the speed and direction of an object.
Velocity determines intensity.
Velocity differs from speed in that it has both a magnitude and a direction.
Velocity do a better job of cross selling.
Velocity equals mass times acceleration.
Velocity exerts an overriding influence on the behavior pattern of the protective film.
Velocity exists only in computers and in the mind of mankind.
Velocity gives distance, time, and the direction of travel.
Velocity has the dimensions of length divided by time.
Velocity has the same magnitude as speed, but is associated with a direction.
Velocity includes speed and direction of motion.
Velocity increases with an increase in porosity.
Velocity indicates the speed of an object in a direction of motion.
Velocity is a combination of energy and drive, combining physical and mental.
Velocity is a combination of energy and drive, combining the physical and the mental.
Velocity is a defining aspect of the timespace octave matrix.
Velocity is a force.
Velocity is a measure of distance per unit time.
Velocity is a measure of the rate of change of position of an object.
Velocity is a measurement including both the speed of and the change in direction of an object.
Velocity is a measurement of speed using distance and time as the variables.
Velocity is a powerful, cost-effective system that is already nearly saturated with users.
Velocity is a quantity that designates how fast and in what direction a point is moving.
Velocity is a speed with an associated direction .
Velocity is a vector and is distinguished from speed in that it has a direction associated with it.
Velocity is a vector measurement because it has an amount and a direction.
Velocity is a vector quantity and has both magnitude and direction.
Velocity is a vector quantity that indicates distance per time and direction.
Velocity is a vector quantity, which consists of both a direction and a magnitude.
Velocity is a vector quantity.
Velocity is a vector which tells the system how fast and in what direction the particle is moving.
Velocity is a vector, because it is a speed in a certain direction.
Velocity is a vector, which means it has both a magnitude and direction.
Velocity is a vector.
Velocity is a very small company that is growing by the month.
Velocity is actually a vector with both direction and magnitude.
Velocity is actually speed with direction.
Velocity is adjusted through the hammer.
Velocity is also a part of momentum.
Velocity is also a vector quantity.
Velocity is also very interactive with the position of the mod wheel.
Velocity is at equilibrium with channel width and depth.
Velocity is calculated from the frequency shift measured in each interval.
Velocity is calculated here as an average from one digitized frame to the next.
Velocity is constant.
Velocity is controlled via an integrated regulator.
Velocity is defined as displacement over time, where displacement is interchageable with distance.
Velocity is defined as the distance an object travels divided by time.
Velocity is defined as the distance an objecttravels divided by time.
Velocity is defined as the rate of change of displacement of an object, with respect to time.
Velocity is defined as the rate of change of location.
Velocity is defined as the rate of change of position.
Velocity is defined as the slope of a position-time graph.
Velocity is dependent on the electrical conductivity and dielectric constant.
Velocity is derived from simple calculus.
Velocity is distance divided with time.
Velocity is empirically determined.
Velocity is equal to the distance travelled divided by the time take to travel it.
Velocity is expressed as horizontal and vertical elements.
Velocity is found using two points known to have the same jitter error.
Velocity is fully programmable.
Velocity is higher.
Velocity is highest in the zone overlying the deepest part of the stream.
Velocity is how fast something is moving in a given direction.
Velocity is important for getting the spray to the top of the trees or across a field.
Velocity is in meters per second.
Velocity is in speed per unit.
Velocity is known as a vector quantity because it has both speed and direction .
Velocity is linear because it is increasing at the same amount each time interval, acceleration.
Velocity is lower because elderly people take shorter steps.
Velocity is measured at each of the test locations.
Velocity is measured by geophones generating the error signals that control the activators.
Velocity is measured by using a current meter.
Velocity is measured with measuring sticks and stop-watches.
Velocity is more meaningful than speed.
Velocity is motion, divided by the number of ticks on a clock that it takes for the motion to occur.
Velocity is perfect right out of the box.
Velocity is perpendicular to the line of motion, etc.
Velocity is plotted blue.
Velocity is positive if the displacement is in the positive direction.
Velocity is recommended as the most consistent index of the probability of damage.
Velocity is similar to speed but it has direction.
Velocity is slower than in straight streams.
Velocity is sort of the slope of the rotated coordinates.
Velocity is speed and direction.
Velocity is speed in a certain direction.
Velocity is speed in a given direction.
Velocity is speed in a specific direction.
Velocity is speed with a direction and is important in understanding bumper car collisions.
Velocity is speed.
Velocity is such a quantity as is acceleration and force.
Velocity is taken now.
Velocity is the antiderivative of acceleration, which is a calculus determination.
Velocity is the change in distance divided by the change in time.
Velocity is the change in position.
Velocity is the change of distance over change in time.
Velocity is the direction and rate of change in position.
Velocity is the first derivative of position.
Velocity is the first time derivative of position so the derivation becomes a second integration.
Velocity is the key.
Velocity is the measurement of the rate and direction of change in the position of an object.
Velocity is the measurement of the speed of the ground motion.
Velocity is the primary factor affecting the ability of a stream to erode.
Velocity is the rate at which the position changes.
Velocity is the rate of change of position, and acceleration is the rate of change of velocity.
Velocity is the rate of change of position.
Velocity is the rate of motion in a specific direction.
Velocity is the rate of position change.
Velocity is the ratio of distance traveled to time.
Velocity is the recessional velocity of a particular galaxy away from the observer.
Velocity is the speed of an object in a certain direction.
Velocity is the speed of an object in one direction.
Velocity is the time it takes a floating object to travel a given distance.
Velocity is the time-derivative of displacement.
Velocity is therefore also a vector quantity.
Velocity is time to profit and time to cash.
Velocity is to acceleration as appetite is to hunger.
Velocity is usually equal to zero.
Velocity is usually uniform throughout.
Velocity is v or u.
Velocity is very good, making it a nice mid-range rifle.
Velocity is zero at the two highest points.
Velocity isa rate.
Velocity means excitement, speed and safety to the offshore powerboat racing community.
Velocity means key pressure .
Velocity means nothing without control.
Velocity occurs as a reaction.
Velocity offers high-speed Internet access and other computer services to tenants.
Velocity provides software and hardware development expertise on a project by project basis.
Velocity reguires a direction vector included, though most people use the terms interchangeably.
Velocity regulates the distance between each drip.
Velocity resumes when pavement reappears at the bottom, but soon another side road beckons.
Velocity shows stronger rotation, and it is now tighter.
Velocity specifies a direction to go along with that magnitude.
Velocity still rules the evaluation.
Velocity tells more information than speed does.
Velocity tends to breed panic.
Velocity tends to decrease as stream width increases.
Velocity varies in a tube, being low near the wall and high near the center-line.
Velocity varies with location and time in a river.
Velocity varies within the same cross section.
Velocity always equals frequency times wavelength.
All velocities are heliocentric.
A velodrome is a track
Velodromes are tracks built for bicycles so that they can go very fast on a very flat surface.
More velogenic strains can cause caseated abscessation of the oropharynx.
Velopharyngeal problems are low incidence.
A velour is cloth
Velour is a less expensive form of velvet.
Velour is in the back room, pacing.
Velour is off to Miami for the Winter Music Conference.
Velour is the most commonly used fabric for main draperies.
Velour takes a bow and is escorted off the floor.
Velours are fabric.
A velvet ant is a wasp
Velvet ants are active throughout the warm periods of the year.
Velvet ants are extremely aggressive.
Velvet ants are parasitic wasps.
Velvet ants are really wasps, and have just about the most painful sting around.
Velvet ants are solitary creatures unlike their cousins the bees.
Velvet ants are sometimes confused with the large ants but the females are wingless asps.
Velvet ants are wasps.
Velvet ants get their name from the appearance of the females, which look like densely hairy ants.
Velvet ants look like large ants , but are wingless female wasps .
Velvet ants look like large ants, but are wingless female wasps.
Velvet ants look like miniature walking cotton balls.
Velvet ants seen walking on sand are all females.
Velvet ants seen walking on the sand are all females.
Most velvet ants are black and red.
Most velvet ants prey on the larvae of other insects.
Velvet antler helps the body to maintain homeostasis against heat, cold and electric shock.
Velvet antler is a great supplement .
Velvet antler is also a renewable resource, since elk grow and shed a new set of antlers every year.
Velvet antler is also widely known as an aphrodisiac.
Velvet antler is an extremely rich, fast growing tissue that contains many growth factors.
Velvet antler is high in calcium and phosphates which aid in the healing of bones.
Velvet antler works on pets in same way it works on humans.
Velvet antlers are hot to the touch, with brushy hair and a waxy-feeling coating.
A velvet bean is a mucuna
Velvet bean is a source of dopa, which the brain converts into the neurotransmitter dopamine.
Velvet mesquite is found only in Arizona and Sonora.
Velvet ropes coil about the arms of the hardhats, the gum-pocked chairs brought out for auctioning.
A velvet worm is an arthropod
Velvet worms burrow into the rotting logs and hunt for insects.
Velvet worms do have a pair of simple eyes, one on each side of the head.
Velvet worms have characteristics of both arthropods and annelids and live in tropical rain forests.
Every velvet worm has an amazing means of de- fense.
Velvet bow at the back.
Velvet bows at front and jacket closure.
Velvet brings high prices in the Orient when it is sold as an aphrodisiac.
Velvet builds endurance, it seems, on every level.
Velvet carpets with nap can force the wheelchair in the wrong direction.
Velvet continues to be widely used in Korea and other countries in the east.
Velvet conveys an air of luxury, and that never goes out of style.
Velvet feel outer and solid sole .
Velvet has (part) hems.
Velvet has (part) sections.
Velvet has light in it.
Velvet is back home and doing great.
Velvet is characterized by a short, soft.
Velvet is cloth
Velvet is cloth.
Velvet is fabric.
Velvet is fine in cold weather and certainly acceptable to wear after the holidays.
Velvet is harvested every year in the spring in a very humane manner.
Velvet is located in clothing.
Velvet is located in coffins.
Velvet is located in jewelry stores.
Velvet is located in voices.
Velvet is luxurious and graceful, in addition, very warm.
Velvet is made, ideally, from silk.
Velvet is much higher than two years ago, and there are many poor makes on the market.
Velvet is out.
Velvet is removed using a local anaesthetic so the deer feels no pain.
Velvet is the same way.
Velvet is usually available in black, burgundy, forest green, and royal blue.
Velvet isa cloth.
Velvet isa fabric.
Velvet refers to a stage of antler development of the antler.
Velvet slips when folded.
Velvet threads caress the wind, With teasing hints and lovers words.
Velvet turns to burlap.
Velvet wears better with the nap running up, from hem to collar.
Velvets are a very versatile, semi-translucent underglaze which offers two finish possibilities.
Velvets are an odorless alternative to other dog chews.
Velvets are durable, lasting, velvety-textured chews that resist cracking or splintering.
Velvets tolerate a wide firing range, and can be used on most temperatures and clay bodies.
Some velvet covers antlers.
Some velvet protects antlers.
Some velvet provides alternative transportation.
Some velvet provides transportation.
Some velvet surrounds antlers.
Velvetbean caterpillar is an annual pest on Georgia soybeans.
Velvetbean caterpillars cause damage by consuming foliage.
A velveteen is cloth
Velveteen contains a nap.
Velveteen is available in solid colors and printed with plaid, floral or paisley designs.
Velveteens are also for small boys' suits, men's smoking jackets and a light weight for millinery.
Velveteens are fabric.
A velvetleaf is a bush
Velvetleaf germinates throughout the summer.
Velvety growth ridges.
Vena isa body part.
Venas have (part) corpi.
Venable lawyers share a wealth of experience in a variety of practice areas.
Venal jailers stroke their fancy mustaches.
Venal quarks require the recipient organization to become like the capital source.
A venality is corruption
Venality is widespread.
A venation is an arrangement
Venation is a UK-based intelligent network infrastructure company.
Venation is craspedodromous with secondary veins produced alternately from the midvein.
Venation is palmate.
Venation is parallel.
Venation is pinnate.
Venation is that solution.
Venations are arrangements.
Venations are part of circulatory systems.
Venations are part of leafs.
Venations are systems.
A vender is a merchant
Venders are completely mechanical and user friendly.
Venders are line up and are ready to submit bids.
Venders are seasonal.
Venders charge top dollar for information that is readily available on the Internet.
Venders come from as far as Florida and New York.
Venders enthusiastically hawk their wares.
Venders sing their songs of produce, While dirty children play at night.
Many venders also ship books at no cost.
Most venders have the ancient in a scarf and tie.
Some venders now request the art work to be submitted on a disk instead of paper.
A vendor is a merchant
Vendor provides a center section.
Vendors abound displaying their wares.
Vendors accept that responsibility as part of the deal.
Vendors acknowledge the importance of industry savvy.
Vendors act as servers and customers as clients.
Vendors acting collectively to deal with a financially struggling dot-com have little success.
Vendors add extensions, and some of the extensions are standardized in the next version.
Vendors add value to CSUs by adding performance monitoring and management.
Vendors address newly discovered vulnerabilities by continuously issuing patches.
Vendors address small businesses with new products and services.
Vendors adorn the streets, and there are quite a few plazas to choose from.
Vendors advertise the available products over the Internet on their respective home pages.
Vendors affected by the glitch say they've taken steps to remedy the situation.
Vendors agree on base protocol sets on a per-device basis.
Vendors agree to have their space staffed at all times.
Vendors agree to pay all repair fees and attorney fees regarding incidents named herein.
Vendors agree to provide truthful information with no intent to mislead buyers.
Vendors agree, judging by the mad scramble to carve out a share of the potential market.
Vendors aim to meet the needs of users prepared to pay money.
Vendors allow their customers to access select parts of their system.
Vendors already send bills to users', use the current system to the best advantage.
Vendors also benefit from the new service.
Vendors also can post their own purchasing needs online.
Vendors also can use the suite to test their products.
Vendors also carry other networking equipment such as fiber, wireless, routers, hubs, etc.
Vendors also display their latest products and services in the exhibit area.
Vendors also donate goods.
Vendors also have the opportunity to demonstrate products that, many times, people never get to see.
Vendors also offer additional discounts for multiple copy orders.
Vendors also offer bridges that connect LANs separated by fiber or phone links.
Vendors also pay for placement, shelling out amounts that vary depending on what they have to offer.
Vendors also peddle meat, fruit, vegetables, cheese and nuts.
Vendors also play an important role in the directory service realm, just as in other areas.
Vendors also recieve payment sooner.
Vendors also save on printing and postage costs.
Vendors also seek out the participation of the distributors.
Vendors also understand that the update process can be tedious and are working to make it simpler.
Vendors apply a label to each box just prior to shipment.
Vendors apply now.
Vendors are a good way to raise income, and require little effort from the club.
Vendors are able to add to it for their own use, as many have already begun to do.
Vendors are also at work on cross-platform solutions.
Vendors are also available for pools, construction sites, and other temporary locations.
Vendors are also in attendance.
Vendors are also indirect customers of the process.
Vendors are also network-enabling buffer boxes.
Vendors are also on hand to demonstrate diverse services and equipment for the legal community.
Vendors are also optimistic.
Vendors are also to give a discount off list pricing for supplies.
Vendors are also welcome to join, if it pertains to the self-publishing of cookbooks.
Vendors are always ready to bash their competitors.
Vendors are always welcome.
Vendors are an extremely important part of any successful conference.
Vendors are at a loss.
Vendors are certainly welcome to respond.
Vendors are commercial organizations.
Vendors are companies or individuals selling a product.
Vendors are complimentary.
Vendors are co-workers.
Vendors are diligent about warning of coming virus attacks and worms, too.
Vendors are distinguishable and can get annoying, but they add a unique flavor to the game.
Vendors are fond of painting their customers into an IT corner.
Vendors are free to add Help buttons or menus, according to their in-house policies.
Vendors are free to implement additional proprietary restraints at the source or at the switch.
Vendors are free to sell directly to customers they have found on our site.
Vendors are free to use any scaling factor that they want.
Vendors are friendly and many speak English.
Vendors are fully aware of the situation and often have few qualms about exploiting it.
Vendors are generally opposed to that plan.
Vendors are given detailed information packets in the fair.
Vendors are given detailed information packets when accepted in the fair.
Vendors are good prospects for much the same reason as customers.
Vendors are here because their products work.
Vendors are in the local geographical area.
Vendors are in the process of developing products.
Vendors are intent on translating their successes in the long-distance market to the local market.
Vendors are interested in contributing.
Vendors are juried to insure true craftsmanship.
Vendors are key to the supply chain.
Vendors are less likely to negotiate on contract terms that are already part of the law.
Vendors are located in bookstores.
Vendors are located in conferences.
Vendors are located in fairgrounds.
Vendors are located in markets.
Vendors are machines, partners are people.
Vendors are more eager to negotiate.
Vendors are more likely to give breaks to technology leaders.
Vendors are more than welcome.
Vendors are most welcome to register and attend our conference.
Vendors are now able to bid only on the components needed by the customer.
Vendors are often excellent training resources.
Vendors are often on hand giving demonstrations and workshops.
Vendors are on all of the fields offering a variety of items.
Vendors are our trading partners.
Vendors are part of the team.
Vendors are present to purchase lunch.
Vendors are present with excellent prices on supplies and equipment.
Vendors are prone to spin a yarn ortwo between sales.
Vendors are responsible for all other booth furnishings.
Vendors are responsible for all parking tickets.
Vendors are responsible for all pricing listed for their products.
Vendors are responsible for all sales tax - Both collection and payment.
Vendors are responsible for all state and city sales tax.
Vendors are responsible for all their own sales.
Vendors are responsible for any damages caused to other vendors or to the event.
Vendors are responsible for assessing and reporting all taxes as appropriate.
Vendors are responsible for bringing and setting up their own tables and chairs.
Vendors are responsible for bringing their own table, etc.
Vendors are responsible for calling to verify reservation of space approval prior to arrival.
Vendors are responsible for collection of local and state sales taxes.
Vendors are responsible for gray water disposal as well as trash disposal.
Vendors are responsible for having their scales certified for compliance.
Vendors are responsible for immediate acquisition of a placard to drive on the mall.
Vendors are responsible for keeping their lots clean.
Vendors are responsible for pick up and delivery of any items they want returned.
Vendors are responsible for providing their own extension cords.
Vendors are responsible for providing their respective product data.
Vendors are responsible for representatives acting on their behalf.
Vendors are responsible for securing their own property at night.
Vendors are responsible for shipment of their displays.
Vendors are responsible for supplying their own canopy, tables, chairs, etc.
Vendors are responsible for the content, products, services and information in their pages.
Vendors are responsible for the security of their property.
Vendors are responsible for their own accommodations and transportation.
Vendors are responsible for their own booth set up and clean up.
Vendors are responsible for their own insurance.
Vendors are responsible for their own security.
Vendors are responsible for their own set up and take down.
Vendors are responsible for updating registration information.
Vendors are responsible to monitor their booths at all times.
Vendors are solely responsible for the safety and loss of their own booths and contents.
Vendors are still under negotiation.
Vendors are the final tool in the chest.
Vendors are to notify Procurement and Supply of any changes in information previously submitted.
Vendors are to send invoices directly to the ordering department.
Vendors are to submit only one bid for each of the two following configurations.
Vendors are under investigation, contracts are out there so a lot of info is confidential.
Vendors are usually quite specific about what constitutes fair use.
Vendors are vendors.
Vendors are very good sources.
Vendors are vitally important partners and often a key source of support for chapter meetings.
Vendors are welcome by reservation or as walk-ins.
Vendors are welcome on the list for normal discussion purposes.
Vendors are welcome to attend.
Vendors are welcome to display and sell our products.
Vendors are welcome to donate products, expertise or money.
Vendors are welcome to join a group.
Vendors are welcome to list their software here.
Vendors are welcome to post unusually good deals here also.
Vendors are welcome to review the results during office hours.
Vendors are welcome to subscribe as well.
Vendors are welcome, please call for appointment.
Vendors are welcome.
Vendors are willing to deal.
Vendors arrive almost at dawn to erect their tables and tents, and depart shortly after lunch.
Vendors ask the customer for an email address during an online purchase.
Vendors assume all risk for their property.
Vendors assume the risk of the methods of dispatch chosen.
Vendors attend all monthly events at no cost.
Vendors become unhappy and often refuse to provide further products or services.
Vendors begins work once approval is secured.
Vendors believe CPAs are a gateway to decision-makers at small businesses.
Vendors Below is the list of vendors.
Vendors benefit by developing applications and processes that can be shared by different customers.
Vendors benefit from reduced customer acquisition costs.
Vendors bring candy and trinkets to give away at their booths.
Vendors bring their food stalls to the river bank where they conduct a brisk trade at weekends.
Vendors build tight security for Internet mail, other apps.
Vendors buy so many copies of the paper for about the same amount.
Vendors call or or use the form below for wholesale price lists and distributorship information.
Vendors call out the prices.
Vendors Call to reserve table.
Vendors can add features as long as they adhere to the format.
Vendors can add their information to the database.
Vendors can add their URL to the link page for free.
Vendors can afford to set up foreign offices, which can produce great savings on the labor side.
Vendors can also be customers at the same time.
Vendors can also cause security problems for their customers.
Vendors can also differ in terms of their service levels.
Vendors can also enter new technologies to the database through the web.
Vendors can also generate a list of related products.
Vendors can also help, particularly where there is market or regulatory pressure.
Vendors can also improve customer service without increasing inventory risk.
Vendors can also pay for the display of a logo, slogan, or other branding information.
Vendors can also provide additional product information.
Vendors can also provide notes on obsolete parts and special pricing offers.
Vendors can also reduce the number of checks cashed to as few as one per month.
Vendors can also require surrender charges for an individual participant transfer or termination.
Vendors can also review their monthly billing statement online.
Vendors can also send offers and promotions to the device that users can accept or decline.
Vendors can apply for more than one site.
Vendors can ask contract questions, submit invoices or download delivery documents.
Vendors can ask for serial numbers to verify real products.
Vendors can assist in the process of determining pesticide volumes required for a treatment.
Vendors can be helpful though likely optimistic.
Vendors can be very persistent and persuasive, which can become wearing.
Vendors can bid on a subset of the equipment.
Vendors can bid online rather than the old sealed-envelope way.
Vendors can bring crafts, collectibles, produce and rummage.
Vendors can build their own commercial implementations if they so choose.
Vendors can call the numbers below or write to request an application.
Vendors can camp free in booths with permission.
Vendors can contact any business for area to set up.
Vendors can continue to help election officials run elections.
Vendors can define proprietary scripting languages where appropriate.
Vendors can display and sell their work at their table.
Vendors can display banners from the balconies at no additional cost.
Vendors can display free of charge.
Vendors can display new products and useful technologies.
Vendors can do only so much and can often be costly.
Vendors can download the Vendor Registration Form from Procurement Management .
Vendors can easily ascertain and certify that the products come from managed forests.
Vendors can essentially self-certify by publishing a Conformance Statement.
Vendors can exaggerate the capacity of their products in many ways.
Vendors can exaggerate the switching capacity of their products in many ways.
Vendors can follow bid opportunities, and citizens can watch their county in action.
Vendors can gain insight by looking at the standards from the consumer perspective.
Vendors can go and sell the magazine and then use the money to pay for a hostel for the night.
Vendors can handle large volume and high throughput.
Vendors can have Many Pilots and Many Aircraft.
Vendors can help by being more realistic about how they portray their products and their benefits.
Vendors can help schools by listening to the needs of the schools and being sincere.
Vendors can implement any of three classes of authentication types.
Vendors can improve performance through specific optimizations related to how metadata is used.
Vendors can instrument some method-level load balancing and failover schemes directly in the stub.
Vendors can monitor when vending machines run low.
Vendors can now complete their media plan knowing they've explored every possible media option.
Vendors can now enter their entire company catalog quickly and automatically.
Vendors can now request changes to their account information via the web site.
Vendors can now sell products on the Internet without the restrictions imposed by credit card use.
Vendors can obtain declaration forms from most livestock selling agents .
Vendors can obtain the declaration forms from most livestock selling agents.
Vendors can offer weekly product sessions where end users get real time support for their questions.
Vendors can only access their own payment data.
Vendors can only sell commodities or services that are specifically awarded in their contracts.
Vendors can participate through sponsorship opportunities .
Vendors can participate through sponsorship opportunities.
Vendors can post questions for the client to answer on the project page.
Vendors can print out the registration form listed below.
Vendors can provide information as to specific items on contract.
Vendors can provide monetary rewards to consumers for sharing demographic and personal data.
Vendors can provide upgrades and patches.
Vendors can recover from applicants.
Vendors can register to receive automatic email notification of business opportunities.
Vendors can request to be listed on the vendor pool data base.
Vendors can respond to RFQs right on the website any time of the day or night.
Vendors can search the posted RFPs and respond though electronic Internet media.
Vendors can sell any items legal on campus.
Vendors can sell at show.
Vendors can separately identify shipping and handling charges, and apply different tax ratings.
Vendors can set a reserve price and can compare quality and price.
Vendors can set up in the paved parking lot or under the building overhang in front of the store.
Vendors can set up outside in the parking lot.
Vendors can sign up here.
Vendors can specify multiple variations for each product.
Vendors can terminate participation at their discretion if the changes are unacceptable.
Vendors can then implement the details according to their software.
Vendors can track certificate use, but only to detect fraud.
Vendors can train staff on the operation of software, as well.
Vendors can troubleshoot the consumer unit directly without a site visit.
Vendors can unilaterally extend the base set as needed.
Vendors can update the site themselves with their own login and password.
Vendors can use metadata to enhance image reproduction.
Vendors can, and do, optimize configurations to minimize cost.
Vendors caution VARs to choose book-sized computers wisely.
Vendors change their price lists every year or so, mostly in response to competition.
Vendors cite numerous incentives.
Vendors cite similar reasons for integrating the two technologies.
Vendors claim profiling is necessary to deliver a truly customized experience to the consumer.
Vendors claim to be resistant to certain toolsets for certain amounts of time.
Vendors come and set up booths to sell toys, souvenirs, food and drinks.
Vendors come around with whiskey and beer, and a lot more selections are inside.
Vendors come back again year after year.
Vendors come from all over the country.
Vendors come from all over the United States to display the latest in safety products.
Vendors come from five states.
Vendors come to the phone company with a proposal and they can charge virtually any price.
Vendors come, lunch.
Vendors commonly use the terms interchangeably.
Vendors compete by differentiating their products.
Vendors compete fiercely to establish market share and industry standards.
Vendors compete for the loudest sound system and most lively presentation.
Vendors competing with each other to make the maximum noise.
Vendors completely undermine that.
Vendors conduct e-mail dialog via listserv for two months.
Vendors consider ACES risky for many reasons.
Vendors consider their software to be proprietary.
Vendors constantly promise faster and better, but deliver bigger, slower, and worse.
Vendors continue to announce standards and plans for alternative storage network technologies.
Vendors continue to increase port capacity, improve security and beef-up fault tolerance.
Vendors continue to open small businesses in Chicago neighborhoods.
Vendors continue to provide support and plan to deliver additional optimized titles.
Vendors continue to sell in both places.
Vendors continue to upgrade software.
Vendors continue to work on interoperability issues.
Vendors continuously upgrade, revamp and introduce totally new software applications.
Vendors copy, restore, retouch, airbrush, and provide digital and computer imaging.
Vendors crank out character education programs to hawk at character education conferences.
Vendors create the ASNs using a low cost Palm terminal to scan the shipment's barcodes.
Vendors create the direct mail offer.
Vendors crowd the perimeters, and everyone seems in a holiday mood.
Vendors cry out the imagined merits of sun-weary empanadas and warm, watery drinks.
Vendors database including videographers, invitations, caterers, florists, and bands.
Vendors deliver the best results and value to clients, within a profitable business model.
Vendors demonstrate practical applications for QoS technology.
Vendors depend on the reputation of their products to ensure future sales.
Vendors describe an automatic renewal as a customer convenience.
Vendors describe performance with charts and written specifications.
Vendors deserve fair treatment in the bidding process and timely payment of bills.
Vendors direct their customer systems and catalog engines to that network.
Vendors disagree on whether it is necessary.
Vendors display a full array of hand-crafted items, country kitchen, bake sale and more.
Vendors display a variety of Celtic crafts and wares.
Vendors display and sell birds, from finches to macaws.
Vendors display everything from gourmet ravioli to watercolors to Polish pottery.
Vendors display the latest farming and home equipment.
Vendors display their wares in stalls near the parking lot.
Vendors do brisk business at meetings.
Vendors do care about benchmarking results of their boxes.
Vendors do have a tendency to reward loyalty.
Vendors do offer products to make upsizing easier for users.
Vendors do provide query optimisers.
Vendors employ a number of techniques to ease network congestion.
Vendors enter product information into set form fields.
Vendors eventually stop supporting software developed for older operating systems.
Vendors everywhere hesitate when it comes to making a clear statement concerning readiness.
Vendors exist when they can sell a service, talk to their market, and maintain a saleable product.
Vendors expect it.
Vendors expect something for their efforts.
Vendors expect the market to explode in the next two years.
Vendors explore on-line services.
Vendors face the challenge of demonstrating their strength and credibility to potential buyers.
Vendors feel they can be treated badly by the grassroots.
Vendors fight for market share by aggressively slashing prices and adding copycat capabilities.
Vendors find a POC market that remains stubbornly fragmented and unnecessarily slow growing.
Vendors focus is to teach and support their products.
Vendors generally provide information for specific models.
Vendors generally respond if enough customers request that standards be included.
Vendors generate lots of hype trying to sell powerful machines.
Vendors get special discount and downstairs rooms.
Vendors get the cost benefits that accrue from greater economies of scale.
Vendors get the source for the programs and compile it themselves before running the benchmarks.
Vendors get two admissions with each purchased space.
Vendors give different confidences on different alerts.
Vendors go out of business or terminate product lines.
Vendors handle shipment, returns, customer service, and technical support.
Vendors hate talking about the price.
Vendors have a choice of being inside air-conditioned buildings or outside in the Florida sunshine.
Vendors have a couple of ways to participate.
Vendors have a free opportunity to exhibit their wares and explain their services.
Vendors have a glint in their eyes and a smile on their faces.
Vendors have a harder time imposing high prices and expensive upgrade cycles on their customers.
Vendors have belts,blankets,jewlery.
Vendors have current membership lists.
Vendors have different image quality specifications.
Vendors have greater expertise, leverage, and sophistication in the area.
Vendors have incentives to market proprietary products.
Vendors have little incentive to change and few tools measure usage accurately.
Vendors have low transaction costs, but they pay for the transactions between redemption periods.
Vendors have much more space to describe their products and to inform potential customers.
Vendors have much to gain from libraries success.
Vendors have no questions.
Vendors have option for discounts and set the amount for discount.
Vendors have reasons for configuring their systems the way they do.
Vendors have standard proposals that they can customize.
Vendors have the opportunity to capture both bridal buying seasons with exhibits in both shows.
Vendors have the real challenge of moving products through the channel.
Vendors have the right to accept or reject potential sales to other jurisdictions.
Vendors have their own internal proprietary spec.
Vendors have to be continually reminded of their follies.
Vendors have to be more mature about approaching security.
Vendors have to do more than comp watered-down drinks to attract channel partners.
Vendors have to have the merchandise in stock, and be able to deliver.
Vendors have to offer upgrades to current versions of applications.
Vendors have two options.
Vendors hawk all sorts of items next to improvised fast-food stands.
Vendors hawk dynamite ganga.
Vendors hawk hot dogs and veggie dogs.
Vendors hawk their wares ranging from bunches of parsley to full wardrobes.
Vendors hawked hemp bracelets and CDs and tapes of the artists on stage.
Vendors Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Vendors hold bakeoffs in a heady atmosphere of noise, confusion and time constraints.
Vendors holler for our attention and begging children follow our every step.
Vendors hope to market it as a relatively healthy alternative to soft drinks or coffee.
Vendors Identify potential vendors.
Vendors implement it differently.
Vendors implement the standards on their own, as part of the software shipped with their devices.
Vendors inadvertently underbid on projects.
Vendors inquiring about the status of an invoice now receive vastly improved service.
Vendors insist that their programs are proprietary and state certification boards appear to agree.
Vendors introduce improvements and changes every three to six months.
Vendors is also welcome.
Vendors is an alphabetical listing of hardware and software vendors with links to their web sites.
Vendors know that consultants are savvy and see through hype.
Vendors know that high-performance peripherals can hide a multitude of bad designs.
Vendors lack experience with cultural institution needs.
Vendors lead the consumer protection crusade.
Vendors line the busy streets, selling everything from underwear and shoes to cassettes and fruit.
Vendors line the streets selling local food and potent rum drinks.
Vendors line the two-block downtown to sell barbecue and hot dogs.
Vendors line the walkways and student clubs and organizations set up booths with games and prizes.
Vendors list their products for sale in one central location.
Vendors Lists the vendors whose products are potentially affected by the vunerability report.
Vendors live to varying extents by proprietary capabilities.
Vendors look at business in lots of different ways and have a lot of leeway with their pricing.
Vendors look for the cheapest solution and have no incentive to improve service.
Vendors love betas because the beta-addicted help find bugs.
Vendors love to get customers into a data lock, because it's very hard to switch away.
Vendors love to know who is buying their product.
Vendors maintain adequate levels of professional liability insurance.
Vendors maintain and troubleshoot problems with pre-configured default accounts.
Vendors make shipments to and invoice direct with purchasers.
Vendors make special offers for meeting attendees because they want a big audience.
Vendors meet monthly to participate in a democratic process to administer the program.
Vendors nationwide compete for the sale, bidding their prices down to win.
Vendors negotiate their own contracts with banks to process credit card transactions.
Vendors normally give a variety of workshops.
Vendors now face expensive airfares, and time constraints.
Vendors now ply their trade, kings still rule and spirits live on.
Vendors offer a coupon highlighting whatever item they choose.
Vendors offer a variety of databases for a fee.
Vendors offer a variety of fine art and craft wares for sale.
Vendors offer a variety of investments, including fixed and variable annuities and mutual funds.
Vendors offer African clothing, arts, crafts, foods and other items.
Vendors offer Caribbean food and arts and crafts.
Vendors offer clothing, trinkets, books, posters and music.
Vendors offer colorful batiks, jewelry, leather, pottery, and sundry handcrafted items.
Vendors offer different pricing structures.
Vendors offer fresh bread, pastries and handcrafted gifts from cards to wrought iron.
Vendors offer geometrically patterned wool sweaters.
Vendors offer handmade crafts and a variety of foods, including roasted chestnuts.
Vendors offer hand-made crafts as well as a variety of foods.
Vendors offer hearty helpings of various eats.
Vendors offer home-grown produce, plants and flowers, preserves, baked goods and more.
Vendors offer myriad choice-looking fruits and vegetables, at relatively reasonable prices.
Vendors offer products for both groups.
Vendors offer seasonal fresh produce, cut flowers, seafood, bakery goods, and gourmet items.
Vendors offer several options of payment from credit cards to checks and more.
Vendors offer two ways to manage firewalls remotely.
Vendors offer utilities and energy service providers the wares to do just that.
Vendors offer various antiques, crafts and collectibles for sale.
Vendors offer wildlife and hunting related items.
Vendors offering magazine access routinely add a new year while dropping an earlier one.
Vendors only have to sell content to get paid.
Vendors orchestrate thousands of PCs to tackle truly tough problems.
Vendors pack the aisles offering their wares.
Vendors participate in Elizabethan period dress.
Vendors pay a fee for their booth space, but browsers are admitted free.
Vendors pay a modest fee to respond with a proposal and when a sale is made.
Vendors pay a small subscription fee for use of the site.
Vendors pay a space fee and market support fee, which is used, for advertising and promotion.
Vendors pay an annual fee to submit transactions for certification.
Vendors pay for table space to display their wares.
Vendors pay for the paper, and buy thousands a day.
Vendors pay nothing to register and post their products and company profile information online.
Vendors perform the actual filming and developing of the microfilm reels.
Vendors pick up and deliver.
Vendors plan to introduce USB versions within the next year.
Vendors plan to provide their services for a monthly licensing fee.
Vendors ply their food wares at stops as well as cold drinks.
Vendors post product catalogs on the Internet for network shopping.
Vendors post results of their work online via CloseYourDeal.
Vendors present their goods and services for sale, and are looking for consumers of what they sell.
Vendors promise more to come before the day is done.
Vendors promote such an image to sell security products.
Vendors propose new Internet push protocol for differential updates.
Vendors provide a written estimate of cost and time required for any repair work.
Vendors provide daily inventory information, thus providing real-time stock availability.
Vendors provide food and drink to accompany the music.
Vendors provide insect-related wares.
Vendors provide opportunities for participants to learn about new techniques and tools.
Vendors provide souvenirs, food and beverages in the park.
Vendors provides products, stuff they manufacture for resale.
Vendors push for new personalization and security standard for the Web.
Vendors range from regional distributors trying to clear out inventory to individual entrepreneurs.
Vendors rather rely on additional caches and other tricks to hide the lack of bandwidth.
Vendors realize there is opportunity in listening to what their customers want.
Vendors receive free listings.
Vendors receive payment in approximately three days.
Vendors receive purchase orders electronically.
Vendors receive quick payment for their sales.
Vendors receive the claim quickly and can electronically forward it to publishers.
Vendors receive their commissions through their respective companies.
Vendors receive their orders and schedule their work.
Vendors recommend that the copy be used for installation.
Vendors register as individuals.
Vendors register by commodity code for goods and services offered by the vendor.
Vendors register, sending the data in once and changing their registration data later.
Vendors regularly release new, free, versions of drivers.
Vendors release patches for reasons other than making our lives miserable.
Vendors repair wheelchairs on site.
Vendors replace worn parts and refinish surfaces to remove damage.
Vendors represent a unique area.
Vendors require two weeks notice prior to the show date for an order to be placed.
Vendors reserve the right to confirm membership.
Vendors reserve the right to withdraw or change their offers without notice.
Vendors routinely use the e-business system to track purchase orders from inception to payment.
Vendors salivate at the thought of the opportunity to schmooze and increase their sales.
Vendors save time and money in obtaining bid documents.
Vendors say fishing tackle is next.
Vendors say it's a cultural phenomenon - one that's likely to drive business for some time to come.
Vendors say low-cost clusters are the answer.
Vendors say some retailers are beginning to look at store coverage as a profit center.
Vendors say steady improvements have turned recognition technology into a beneficial tool.
Vendors say that linguistic software finds accurate lists of relevant documents faster.
Vendors say that's why they are hoping for a big turnout for the show.
Vendors say the students make the job worthwhile.
Vendors say they are gearing up to deliver modems by early next year.
Vendors say they feel equally inspired in just being part of the market.
Vendors say they've been making money.
Vendors say yes, as long as they are properly configured.
Vendors scramble to offer new tools for increasingly complex Web app development.
Vendors scroll down or click here for application.
Vendors scroll down or click here.
Vendors see a vast potential for the overall market and are pushing hard for integration standards.
Vendors see an opportunity and are moving in.
Vendors see virtual classrooms as real-time business.
Vendors See what other products and components are on the market.
Vendors See who's participating, presenting and offering product tutorials at Symposium.
Vendors seem to be working with board reps as well.
Vendors sell cigarettes on the streets but be warned.
Vendors sell crafts in the market, crafts that are duplicated in every other stall.
Vendors sell cups of birdseed in the square, which kids seem to find entertaining.
Vendors sell everything from beadwork to drums at powwows.
Vendors sell everything from clothing to handicrafts, bananas to betel nuts.
Vendors sell everything from Native American jewelry to Amish fudge and cheese.
Vendors sell expensive individual kits as well, with much of the value in the packaging.
Vendors sell features with single-phase electronic meters to sweeten the deal.
Vendors sell fish food for visitors to feed the fish.
Vendors sell fruits and vegetables from the back of old pickup trucks.
Vendors sell fry bread, pottery and jewelry on the mesa top.
Vendors sell just about everything and there always is a pregame concert.
Vendors sell local foods, herbs, religious paraphernalia and much more.
Vendors sell locally grown seasonal fruits and vegetables.
Vendors sell manufactured things.
Vendors sell papers on street corners or at newsstands.
Vendors sell peanuts in bags made from scraps of newspaper.
Vendors sell Polish sausage and other ethnic foods.
Vendors sell print engines, which are complete assemblies.
Vendors sell round breads on nearly every street corner, and they make a great snack.
Vendors sell shrimp at a fish and seafood market at night.
Vendors sell snip snaps and there is usually a guy selling tacos on the road.
Vendors sell the paper.
Vendors sell the products they recommend.
Vendors sell their produce directly to consumers at lower prices.
Vendors sell their services either annually or per semester.
Vendors sell their wares in unauthorised places.
Vendors selling every imaginable bird suppy fill the halls, and bargains abound.
Vendors selling everything from artistic prints to bottled water are everywhere.
Vendors selling food, earrings, and trinkets arrive in force.
Vendors send charge slips to originating bank daily.
Vendors serve up cooked rattlesnake.
Vendors setup inside and out.
Vendors ship the goods but send no invoice.
Vendors show and sell jewelry, wood carvings, clothing, paintings, and food.
Vendors show everything from jewelry and pottery to photography and blown glass.
Vendors show strong interest in a timely specification to be included in product releases.
Vendors Specifically sell home health telemedicine equipment.
Vendors spend less time searching for new business and more time working with clients.
Vendors spend the big bucks to try and outdo their competitor s displays, to attract the crowds.
Vendors sponsor the free sites.
Vendors stay competitive.
Vendors still control product presentation, retailer access and pricing.
Vendors still publish default passwords, but now on the Internet.
Vendors stroll the beach selling clothes, swimsuits, coffee, doughnuts, ice cream, sandwiches.
Vendors stroll the beaches with coral bracelets and necklaces.
Vendors submit proposals against RFPs.
Vendors submit their bids as offers to contract with the city.
Vendors supply color sell sheets and or samples and an order form is attached.
Vendors supply their own table cloths, curtains, etc.
Vendors take on a lot of responsibility when claiming to support business rules.
Vendors talk about open systems, but they're far from that.
Vendors tend to be biased towards their own brands, and accounting firms are usually very expensive.
Vendors tend to be blind to the realities of human networks.
Vendors tend to overstate their roles in technology projects.
Vendors then have to incorporate the specifications into their products.
Vendors then specify the parameters to invoke self-repair actions.
Vendors there display plenty of fish and piles of chilled lobster, abalone and shrimp.
Vendors think they're addressing usability issues.
Vendors think they're regular attendees.
Vendors tinker with file and library names, and producers add and delete resources.
Vendors tout clustering as a way to boost scalability, performance and availability.
Vendors tout high payback from implementing their products.
Vendors trot in with the latest, greatest, most amazing titles yet.
Vendors try every schtick in the book to get some attention.
Vendors try to bend the process to their own advantage.
Vendors try to hide the delay by dividing fast DRAMs into multiple banks.
Vendors typically acquire innovation, like a technology farm system.
Vendors typically earn substantially greater margins in some areas than in others.
Vendors typically minimize such concerns.
Vendors typically pay a set fee to display their goods and keep all profits.
Vendors typically provide client software for free.
Vendors typically specify the direction of data flow as unidirectional or bidirectional.
Vendors update their email addresses as necessary.
Vendors use built-in accounts for customer support.
Vendors use everything they can think of, free stuff, gorgeous models, celebrities.
Vendors use it as a demo site and judges and groups are always asking for tours.
Vendors use the CC to define their products and show how they meet the consumers' requirements.
Vendors use the event to showcase their latest offerings in fire apparatus and equipment.
Vendors use the information in announcements to determine their bid prices.
Vendors vary from week to week.
Vendors vary in their ability to keep up with the capabilities of an individual library s system.
Vendors vary in their ability to make delivery on items in a timely manner.
Vendors vary somewhat in how they take advantage of available bandwidth and deal with interference.
Vendors View a list of participating members.
Vendors view training and certification as key elements in the overall strategy to build businesses.
Vendors vouch that it's quite in demand with collegians.
Vendors walk the beach peddling everything from wood carvings to blankets.
Vendors welcome at no charge.
Vendors welcome, free to public.
Vendors welcome, see contact info below for specifics.
Vendors win a Crossroads A-List Award based on references from early adopters.
Vendors work with districts to place orders and see that equipment is delivered.
Vendors frequently charge penalties for items that are returned because of errors in ordering.
Vendors frequently offer beneficial value-added services, as well.
Vendors frequently provide links to full text articles from their indexes.
Vendors often add extensions, that developers then use in their code.
Vendors often are local firms that have parent companies.
Vendors often clean carpets and upholstery also.
Vendors often depend upon sale proceeds for concurrent purchases.
Vendors often exaggerate product reliability and ignore customer complaints.
Vendors often give free estimates.
Vendors often have proprietary stylesheet formats as well.
Vendors often permit at least a thirty day preview before purchase.
Vendors often pour on the hype when it comes to upgrades.
Vendors often provide firewall features with routers.
Vendors often sell hand made Native American jewelry, art, music and crafts at the powwows.
Vendors often ship operating system updates later found to have introduced new security holes.
Vendors often tailor their kernels for each application.
Vendors often use the lowest step for products that children can touch.
Vendors often walk the beaches, selling sarongs, hats, sunglasses, sunscreen, and snacks.
Vendors sometimes label their cards with the node address.
Vendors usually attend and dinner is provided.
Vendors usually charge a percentage of the unit cost for each extra piece delivered.
Vendors usually distribute different connections statistically.
Vendors usually have a configuration book containing the memory increments and options.
Vendors usually have a test program using dummy data.
Vendors usually inform the library of intent to substitute materials.
Vendors usually offer only telephone support and policies vary widely.
Vendors usually place the purchase order mailed by the library in each book.
All vendor visits to departments and academic units are by appointment only .
All vendors accept cash and checks, some accept credit cards.
All vendors add shipping and handling.
All vendors agree to comply with the rules set forth or implemented on event day.
All vendors also have at least some reporting capabilities.
All vendors are different, so try to use the same vendor for the column and the guard.
All vendors are from Berlin Heights or work at the school.
All vendors are indoors.
All vendors are large business.
All vendors are welcome to attend.
All vendors are welcome.
All vendors assure their products to be of highest quality.
All vendors benefit tremendously from asset-based pricing.
All vendors deliver all commands.
All vendors exaggerate, and a few tell deliberate lies.
All vendors guarantee customer satisfaction.
All vendors have general liability insurance and worker's compensation insurance.
All vendors have their own return policies.
All vendors offer remote management of multiple gateways from a central location.
All vendors offer tools as part of their database package or in conjunction with a third party.
All vendors provide their own tables.
All vendors regularly release new, and free, versions of their drivers.
Any vendor can waltz in the door and promise a magic solution to all the enterprise's problems.
Every vendor claims or prepares to announce some form of virtualization.
Every vendor claims to have the answer.
Every vendor has interfaces for setting up LSPs.
Every vendor is committed to it.
Every vendor is given equal opportunity to participate in bidding procedures.
Every vendor is in a position where customer satisfaction is a major priority.
Every vendor is responsible for taping down their own cords.
Every vendor pays rent.
Every vendor seems to have a different method for targeting users.
Every vendor uses their own benchmarks, their own performance metrics, and their own terminology.
Many vendors allow users to download the latest antivirus data files from their Web sites.
Many vendors already offer enhanced proprietary security features.
Many vendors already provide interoperable equipment.
Many vendors also have mailing lists where alerts are issued.
Many vendors also have on-site service available during the warranty period.
Many vendors also offer catering services.
Many vendors also provide business plan support for potential VARs.
Many vendors appear to be as new to Linux as their customer base is.
Many vendors are also prepared to perform custom conjugations.
Many vendors are available for the purchase of stamps, covers, supplies, etc.
Many vendors are concerned and are taking steps to preserve reseller profits.
Many vendors are excited to print on fabrics with permanent results.
Many vendors are illiterate.
Many vendors are likely to have Web sites that contain the necessary information.
Many vendors are on hand to demonstrate their products and services.
Many vendors are openly hostile to Linux.
Many vendors are resistant to, or confused by, current processes.
Many vendors are sloppy about providing accelerators.
Many vendors are small-time operators with no exchange policy.
Many vendors bring huge inventories that they've been preparing all winter.
Many vendors bring their goods to the village on bicycle.
Many vendors can prove that their software solution works.
Many vendors claim to have a portal offering, but the deliverables vary greatly.
Many vendors claim to have tools.
Many vendors claim to update their data once or twice a year.
Many vendors combine environmental-test capabilities with other functions.
Many vendors come to sell delicious and fresh food.
Many vendors concentrate on manufacturing, communications, and computer networks applications.
Many vendors display a variety of goods.
Many vendors do handle sensitive information properly.
Many vendors downplay the importance of data processing.
Many vendors establish programs to support developers building products for their platform.
Many vendors even have products within their own product line that are incompatible.
Many vendors exist for U.S. patents.
Many vendors expose their products to the sun while sealed in the bags.
Many vendors give a product and are gone.
Many vendors have a statement of compliance on their web sites.
Many vendors have designs specifically for polyester-type polymers.
Many vendors have downloadable demo software available.
Many vendors have e-mail lists for their customers or post information on their web sites.
Many vendors have helpful application notes.
Many vendors have proprietary strategies for flow collection and analysis.
Many vendors have some variant of peek and poke functions.
Many vendors have success stories of others who used the same device.
Many vendors have their own calculators.
Many vendors know one way to solve IT problems.
Many Vendors know where the problems are and can help.
Many vendors lose business due to pirated software.
Many vendors make available information in electronic form.
Many vendors make that claim.
Many vendors now focus only on gross sales.
Many vendors now offer cloud-based products, typically through a monthly subscription plan.
Many vendors offer annual maintenance contracts for support and upgrades.
Many vendors offer assorted drinks and food.
Many vendors offer certification programs based on in-depth training on their specific products.
Many vendors offer cooling packages with heatsinks and one, two or even three fans.
Many vendors offer discounts to academics and church musicians.
Many vendors offer filtering and monitoring software designed for school use.
Many vendors offer general commissioned sales programs open to anyone.
Many vendors offer global access to all their support upgrades for one yearly fee.
Many vendors offer help for their customers.
Many vendors offer payment plans and discounts to cancer patients.
Many vendors offer services to design and manufacture any type of protection device.
Many vendors offer solutions that work on multiple platforms.
Many vendors offer tools to fix date-field problems.
Many vendors offer tools to make development of new software easier and more productive.
Many vendors participate.
Many vendors place their pages in numerical order.
Many vendors present both standard and custom classes.
Many vendors provide anti-virus software for a fee or for free.
Many vendors provide many kinds of equipments.
Many vendors provide mobile service and free estimates.
Many vendors provide online support from their website.
Many vendors publish information about their product's compliance on the web.
Many vendors purchase new products at below wholesale prices, and make huge profits.
Many vendors see it as a simple matter of educating their consumers.
Many vendors sell email addresses to others proliferating spam.
Many vendors sell email lists, targeting a variety of audiences.
Many vendors sell equipment that uses the lower bandwidth, according to industry observers.
Many vendors sell lip smacking eats and drinks to satisfy the epicureans.
Many vendors sell our products .
Many vendors sell software written by, or acquired from others.
Many vendors sell the color specified by the buyer.
Many vendors sell tourist related T-shirts at huge markups.
Many vendors show their wares at vertically oriented venues only.
Many vendors soup up their hardware and software to increase scanner resolution.
Many vendors specify a typical propagation delay, with or without assumed loading.
Many vendors still allow concurrent licensing of their product.
Many vendors still talk about voice and data separately in their sales pitches.
Many vendors supply lighting equipment specifically designed for machine-vision applications.
Many vendors try to require customers to make remaining payments when they want out of deals early.
Many vendors use long coil lengths, which make magnet to magnet variations more important.
Many vendors use similar components but under different part and serial numbers.
Many vendors view scalability as the option for a company to scale out and scale up.
Many vendors work from inside their home and many others work in a business type setting.
More vendors coming soon, please check back regularly.
More vendors get a chance to make profits.
More vendors give customers more selection within each of our categories, and more categories.
More vendors here seem to be trying to appeal to yuppies - selling food that's ready to eat.
More vendors keep entering the marketplace.
More vendors mean more choices which means competition to provide the best service possible.
More vendors means more items.
More vendors plan to offer products.
Most vendors address only the first step in that cycle.
Most vendors agree that security needs to become more of a priority for customers.
Most vendors agree.
Most vendors allow for backing out their patches.
Most vendors allow retrieval of patches over the web.
Most vendors also provide extensive product data and links to their websites and email addresses.
Most vendors are aware of our discount levels.
Most vendors are bonded, licensed, and insured.
Most vendors are excellent salesmen.
Most vendors are from the Louisville and Southern Indiana areas.
Most vendors are growers and producers.
Most vendors are happy to invite loyal customers to their soirees.
Most vendors are happy to stock requested items.
Most vendors are in e-business, a concept that no longer differentiates.
Most vendors are present.
Most vendors are proud to announce security fixes less than two weeks after the bug became known.
Most vendors are senior citizens.
Most vendors are very open to negotiation when the subject of fees come up.
Most vendors are willing to make reasonable changes to an order without penalty to the purchaser.
Most vendors boost rates for quick turn-around projects.
Most vendors budget their fees for PR on an annualized basis.
Most vendors can provide compression between their own devices.
Most vendors charge more if hazardous liquids contain chlorinated solvents.
Most vendors claim to integrate their systems with others that reside in the communications center.
Most vendors do a really good job of responding to the informal dispute process.
Most vendors do some sort of product certification before shipping their product.
Most vendors encourage users to use Web-based tech support first.
Most vendors expect to generate new business from locals and visiting seniors.
Most vendors flatly deny such practices.
Most vendors give away reliable answers for free.
Most vendors have a few people they work with who are familiar with their product.
Most vendors have a long list of dissatisfied accounts.
Most vendors have a statement on their website.
Most vendors have a very narrow perspective of the market, trends, and issues.
Most vendors have experience handling disaster situations and can offer additional support.
Most vendors have FAQs regarding specific products.
Most vendors have mailing lists which send out email when something needs to be upgraded.
Most vendors have self-running demos.
Most vendors have some family connection to a tribe.
Most vendors have various pricing options available.
Most vendors have web sites to inform their users of compliance.
Most vendors issue security-related patches on a regular basis.
Most vendors keep a list of all of their updated drivers on their home page.
Most vendors load a large list of the library's titles as a pro forma or dummy invoice.
Most vendors never upgrade or enhance their software between major releases.
Most vendors now offer email subscription lists or monthly newsletters.
Most vendors now provide multiple copies of their invoice.
Most vendors nowadays give away basic software with a purchase.
Most vendors obviously desire great compensation to make guarantees.
Most vendors offer a base protocol suite with optional groups of additional protocols.
Most vendors offer a free trial of their products.
Most vendors offer a wide range of metal finishes and fabric colors for chairs.
Most vendors offer both lease and purchase options.
Most vendors offer demo versions.
Most vendors offer either good strategy or good technical capabilities.
Most vendors offer faster, but more expensive options.
Most vendors offer free downloadable month-long trials of their software.
Most vendors offer lower hourly prices for heavy users.
Most vendors offer methodologies designed to speed and simplify implementations.
Most vendors offer print materials, and about half also offer information on the Web.
Most vendors offer products at a discount.
Most vendors offer three main choices.
Most vendors offer three years warranty as standard with the first year as on-site warranty.
Most vendors prefer a particular type of firewall solution.
Most vendors provide a limited warranty on their product.
Most vendors provide free updates to their products.
Most vendors provide online technical support.
Most vendors rent by the month and are open seven days a week.
Most vendors report that a few racks of headend equipment are all that's required.
Most vendors require prior approval of all returned merchandise.
Most vendors restrict the usage to the campus or to enrolled students.
Most vendors seem hard pressed to name customers actually doing something real with the technology.
Most vendors sell about five dishes and receiver sets a week.
Most vendors stake out narrow slices of the market pie and offer partial solutions for users.
Most vendors support one or two.
Most vendors tend to work in a particular geographic region.
Most vendors use Western style saddles.
Most vendors willingly comply.
Some vendor are now able to supply pre-rusted pipe.
Some vendors accept electronic book orders, and are very quick to send out the books.
Some vendors accept their own packaging with free postage.
Some vendors agree, at least with respect to souped-up legacy systems.
Some vendors allow and even encourage facilities to use their products on a consignment basis.
Some vendors allow companies to integrate education packages into company intranets.
Some vendors allow copies to be made and sold to customers.
Some vendors allow sale to students only.
Some vendors already bundle limited search capabilities in with their database products.
Some vendors also accept payment by check, deposit account or invoicing.
Some vendors also ask for a percentage of revenue increases resulting from the dynamic pricing.
Some vendors also extend special pricing to individual faculty and staff for personal use.
Some vendors also have clearinghouse capabilities.
Some vendors also offer special educational discounts.
Some vendors also offer support through their network of resellers.
Some vendors also provide detachable port replicators with additional ports.
Some vendors also provide drop-off service.
Some vendors also provide some level of installation support with their products.
Some vendors also require a certain amount in purchases.
Some vendors also use the terms to refer to privately deployed networks.
Some vendors are better at providing timely fixes than others.
Some vendors are crooked .Some are pretty.
Some vendors are more important than others.
Some vendors are now able to supply pre-rusted pipe.
Some vendors are now able to supply pre-rusted pipes.
Some vendors are prepared to offer consultancy services themselves.
Some vendors are reluctant to allow further charges.
Some vendors are to be avoided entirely.
Some vendors are willing to undercut competitors on price.
Some vendors attempt to lock in their users by authorizing access to specific sites only.
Some vendors can deliver the data on diskette for further analysis.
Some vendors charge a processing fee for each batch processed.
Some vendors charge by the hour, some by the project, and some by the page.
Some vendors charge by workstation, others by number of enrollees.
Some vendors charge for water kits or water substitutes as well.
Some vendors choose to prepackage their load balancing products in dedicated hardware devices.
Some vendors claim that reliability and restoration problems are already solved.
Some vendors claim the industry has already started to build Web services.
Some vendors claim their products can automatically make changes.
Some vendors claim their products can support both analysis and ordinary use.
Some vendors clean their lists more frequently.
Some vendors collect part of their data, particularly if they work only a few states.
Some vendors come closer than others.
Some vendors come every week, while others only come when they have a product to sell.
Some vendors concentrate on one type of produce, such as potatoes or mushrooms.
Some vendors consistently miss their shipping deadlines.
Some vendors continually send e-mail publishing their specials for individuals and user groups.
Some vendors continue to follow a retail model rather than a partnering one.
Some vendors contribute above and beyond a booth purchase.
Some vendors currently have patches available while others are in the process.
Some vendors disagree.
Some vendors do a great job of text recognition but have poor search capability.
Some vendors do sell the optional kits to convert from one format to the other.
Some vendors do transfers and conversions.
Some vendors do, precisely so prospective customers can take a site for a spin before buying.
Some vendors don t want operators to wait that long.
Some vendors downplay bandwidth concerns.
Some vendors enter an item into auction with a minimum price tag, known as the reserve.
Some vendors establish a connection to a regional monitoring system to keep tabs on performance.
Some vendors even have proprietary memory chips.
Some vendors even keep alive the individual tunnels between the downed server and the remote user.
Some vendors even keep the individual tunnels between the downed server and the remote user alive.
Some vendors even market their devices specifically as intranet Web servers.
Some vendors even offer a demo version of their product.
Some vendors even ship it standard.
Some vendors even throw in an expensive office suite.
Some vendors even use different keys for different flight sims.
Some vendors feel the problem is isolated to insolvent dot- coms.
Some vendors function as schools themselves.
Some vendors generate their own device drivers, others manage the array through a terminal line.
Some vendors get the same business over and over.
Some vendors give the purchaser the invoice if the purchase is picked up.
Some vendors gladly accept American money.
Some vendors hava a special deal.
Some vendors have a club card that they stamp for each visit.
Some vendors have an extra charge for delivery.
Some vendors have detailed statistics by title.
Some vendors have refrigeration units that can be placed at the site.
Some vendors have special configurations which are available to student at discounted prices.
Some vendors have the computer calculate the service charge and a target margin is maintained.
Some vendors have the modern.
Some vendors have their kiosks outside.
Some vendors have vertical industry applications.
Some vendors have yet to release compliant versions.
Some vendors implement physical partitions, where resources are divided along hardware boundaries.
Some vendors impose further restrictions on purchases.
Some vendors Just Dont Get It.
Some vendors lend hardware for data entry.
Some vendors make their calls as the boats are coming into port.
Some vendors make up for low component prices with extremely high shipping costs.
Some vendors make what they sell.
Some vendors market their products to associations and MLSs, while some go directly to brokers.
Some vendors match their competitor's prices.
Some vendors mentor the entire class via discussion boards only.
Some vendors never leave kernel mode to do their processing.
Some vendors now offer electronic product catalog on CD-ROM or even on the internet.
Some vendors offer a free gift with an order.
Some vendors offer a solution in the form of establishing dedicated lines for their services.
Some vendors offer automated email notifications of new security issues.
Some vendors offer computer output to microfilm or CD, as well as paper to microfilm.
Some vendors offer courses in multiple languages.
Some vendors offer discounts for government institutions and their employees.
Some vendors offer early sign-up discounts and compete aggressively on price.
Some vendors offer enhanced network performance for their cards.
Some vendors offer extensive software packages for nursing care documentation.
Some vendors offer extremely short turnaround times once a program has been established.
Some vendors offer fee-based computerized jury verdicts search services.
Some vendors offer free downloads or products that can be purchased directly on-line.
Some vendors offer free updates for a year or so after purchase.
Some vendors offer hardware and software support.
Some vendors offer limited versions of current applications that are compatible with old models.
Some vendors offer loan provisions.
Some vendors offer low quality products at low prices.
Some vendors offer managed implementations of their software-based monitoring tools.
Some vendors offer mast-mounted RF units that largely eliminate cable loss.
Some vendors offer multiple command line scanners.
Some vendors offer other gimmicks, such as a calculator or light-sensitive inputs.
Some vendors offer products that log security events to a telnet console.
Some vendors offer products with limited functionality at low prices.
Some vendors offer several different kinds of one essential oil.
Some vendors offer special educational pricing.
Some vendors offer special licensing arrangements.
Some vendors offer special rates for nonprofits.
Some vendors offer systems to create such a retail sales database.
Some vendors offer the option of backup reference service for a fee.
Some vendors offer the small-device edition of their client at no additional cost.
Some vendors offer white papers and seminars targeted towards their customers and partners.
Some vendors only accept returns if the product is defective.
Some vendors opt to locate on private property.
Some vendors optimize probe coil lengths based on each magnet.
Some vendors prefer to have a largish transit buffer where transit frames are stored.
Some vendors proclaim it too small a market in comparison to the abundance of the United States.
Some vendors provide a discount for prompt payment.
Some vendors provide a two phase commit implementation that is transparent to the application.
Some vendors provide addition databases from themselves or customers.
Some vendors provide additional cost savings when a whole district subscribes to the service.
Some vendors provide corner rounding and other finishing services.
Some vendors provide duct cleaning and air cleaners.
Some vendors provide equipment that can operate at a variety of compression levels.
Some vendors provide fuzzy logic and weighting algorithms for approximate searching.
Some vendors provide parallel environments which only support SPMD parallel programs.
Some vendors provide special educational discounts.
Some vendors provide storage, including records storage.
Some vendors provide support via the Internet, phone, fax, and even remote modem.
Some vendors provide terminals or ASCUs but no networking devices.
Some vendors provide their subscribers with access statistics reports for content within databases.
Some vendors provide tools or marketing strategy solutions.
Some vendors put that information on their Web site.
Some vendors receive a wider range of scores.
Some vendors relate cooperative dollars to the amount of the retailer's business.
Some vendors report figures for the month in which they receive orders.
Some vendors require an actual copy of the purchase order before the order can be shipped.
Some vendors resist because they want to protect the allegiance to their customer.
Some vendors restrict access to specific computers rather than individual users.
Some vendors routinely switch old product for new, or change product size.
Some vendors say city ordinances governing mobile businesses are being more strictly enforced.
Some vendors say that effectively forces non-Sony retailers to promote the competition.
Some vendors seem to have a thoughtful answer to almost any question.
Some vendors sell adapters by the pair in a kit with a cross-over cable or small hub.
Some vendors sell CD-ROM drives that attach via a parallel port.
Some vendors sell directly to customers.
Some vendors sell foodstuffs such as oven bread, pies and tamales.
Some vendors sell imports from their native lands.
Some vendors sell oils in aluminum bottles.
Some vendors sell only used parts and some sell only new parts.
Some vendors sell starter plants for the green thumbs at the market.
Some vendors sell stuff that is made by another person.
Some vendors send invoices separately.
Some vendors send limited stacks along with their servers.
Some vendors shoot straight.
Some vendors skimp on database conversion or use it as a loss-leader.
Some vendors sleep next to their stalls, while others chat in the shade.
Some vendors specialise in updates to pagers or mobile phones.
Some vendors specialize in creating hyperoptimized code for a specific processor.
Some vendors spend a great deal of energy on making things pleasant and safe for the user.
Some vendors spend all year preparing for holiday sales.
Some vendors still have tickets available on the day of the party.
Some vendors still try to differentiate themselves on product.
Some vendors support multiple hardware platforms.
Some vendors tailor their products for specific industries.
Some vendors take the concept even further.
Some vendors think the only way to make money is to sell by the truckload.
Some vendors try to stand out by rebranding their product as knowledge portals.
Some vendors use a system wherein the physical line is attached to both line cards.
Some vendors use beta as a euphemism for flaky or untested.
Some vendors use email mailing lists to alert users of updates.
Some vendors use proxy-based solutions which offer only a limited number of services for encryption.
A veneer is a coat
Veneer taping the front side is a smart idea.
Veneer tends to be fragile and can break easily.
Veneers are coating.
Veneers are custom-made shells specially prepared to make teeth look completely natural.
Veneers are custom-made shells that are attached directly to a tooth.
Veneers are excellent to reshape teeth, close spaces, and change colors.
Veneers are more resilient than bonding and also cost about fifty percent more.
Veneers are much like false fingernails.
Veneers are much more durable and last considerably longer than bonding.
Veneers are quality selected for their grain, balance, and consistency.
Veneers are slow to dry.
Veneers are stronger and have a longer life than bonding, but the process requires more time.
Veneers are the answer for the ecology minded.
Veneers are typically stronger, longer lasting and more versatile than bonding alone.
Veneers are used to treat some of the same problems as bonding.
Veneers can be good news for pre-teens anxious about spending high school in braces.
Veneers can improve the colour, shape and position of teeth.
Veneers have a longer life expectancy and color stability than bonding.
Veneers have a much longer life expectancy and color stability than bonding.
Veneers Help our other members make informed decisions.
Veneers invove less removal than a crown.
Veneers provide one of the best alternatives for cosmetic dentistry.
Veneers require two appointments.
Veneers tend to warp more readily, and sometimes separate with age.
All veneers are vacuum bagged between plies.
Most veneer is sold as a result of personal inspection.
Veneered fronts are available as well, in cherry and walnut.
Veneered plywood is prone to chipping and peeling.
Veneered stock has great advantages in some construction and solid in other.
Veneered wood is more costly to repair unless only a slight amount of regluing is required.
Venerable firms come unglued because of fights over money.
Venerable trumpeter embodies the serene majesty of classic New Orleans jazz.
Veneral warts can increase the risk of cervical cancer.
Veneration of ancestors forms the core of most Liberian traditional religion.
Veneration of ancestors is prevalent throughout the island of Madagascar .
Veneration of icons is an important part of public and private worship.
Veneration alone is necessary to receive Their Aid.
Veneration is in truth, as it is in the brain, higher than benevolence.
Veneration is often the subtlest form of betrayal.
Veneration is worship
Veneration never goes unrewarded.
A venereal disease is contagion
Venereal disease is a case in point.
Venereal disease is news only when poor people catch it.
Venereal disease is produced by infective organisms.
Venereal disease occurs when god of love visits a man.
Venereal diseases are a major problem for street children.
Venereal diseases are contagious diseases.
Venereal infection is contagion
Venereal infections are a significant risk in Moscow.
Venereal transmission happens through fecal-oral contamination.
Venereal transmission occurs through direct fecal-oral transmission.
A venereal wart is a defect
Venereal warts affect men and woman and are easily transmitted through sexual contact.
Venereal warts are due to a virus.
Venereal warts are the exception.
Venereal warts are warts which occur in the genital or anal region of the male or female.
Venereal warts can appear as bumps on the genitals or rectum or they can be invisible.
Venereal warts can grow in the mouth, throat, anus, genitalia and perineum.
A venesection is a cutting
A venesection is medical aid
Venesection is required t deplete and maintain iron stores at the lower limit of normal.
Venetian blinds are crooked.
Venetian blinds are on all windows.
Venetian blinds are the least-effective energy savers because they have so many gaps.
Venetian blinds blink once and close.
Venetian blinds give privacy to rooms that open onto the lobby.
Venetian blinds operate with a fixed pulley.
Venetian glass comes in lustrous glass cubes in an almost unlimited range of beautiful colors.
Venetian glassware is world famous.
Venetian marina has a yacht club atmosphere without any dues or membership fees.
Venetian mirrors are stone ground by hand and available in various styles.
Venetian mirrors are stone-ground by hand and available in various styles.
Venetian restaurants are expensive, as are most in Italy.
Venetian rooftops are of wide variety.
Venetian turpentine is made from the resin of Larix europea.
Many Venetian windows are a characteristic of the church.
Venezuela isa thing.
Venezuelan buses are air-conditioned and comfy.
Venezuelan congress approves exploratory round.
Venezuelan environmentalists are outraged at the abuse of power which ignores the law.
Venezuelan experience is set in broad comparative context.
Venezuelan groups have a lot of members.
Venezuelan journalists are just as guilty as the corrupt judges for allowing it to happen.
Venezuelan law prohibits extradition of nationals.
Venezuelan mudslides kill thousands.
Venezuelan officials deny knowledge of any paramilitary presence.
Venezuelan officials say they are more than capable of guarding the nation's airspace.
Venezuelan oil weighs heavy in U.S. strategy for the region.
Venezuelan people have to stand up with their armed forces.
Venezuelan shoppers go in droves for clothing, electronic goods and other consumer items.
Venezuelan society seems to be very rigidly structured.
Vengeance becomes an acceptable response when people have been harmed by others.
Vengeance breeds countervengeance.
Vengeance can be dangerous.
Vengeance can indeed be a beautiful thing.
Vengeance causes a desire to kill.
Vengeance demands the killer die.
Vengeance happens as a natural response to the vindictive nature of fallen man.
Vengeance is a dish best served cold.
Vengeance is a highly personal emotion.
Vengeance is a living thing.
Vengeance is a strong and natural emotion.
Vengeance is a strong motive for a ghost to continue to hang around after the final curtain.
Vengeance is all too often the motive behind a prosecutor's charges.
Vengeance is an act of restoring wholeness to the community.
Vengeance is an emotional enterprise while retribution is a logical response.
Vengeance is an understandable impulse, but it occupies a lower moral ground.
Vengeance is cried now.
Vengeance is from ekdikesis, that which is enacted out of justice.
Vengeance is morally inadmissible on Christian grounds.
Vengeance is never a worthy human motive.
Vengeance is never the answer.
Vengeance is one of man's strongest motivators.
Vengeance is one option.
Vengeance is pointless.
Vengeance is retaliation.
Vengeance is revenge
Vengeance is settled through non-vengeance.
Vengeance is sweet, like the siren song for massed combat.
Vengeance is sweete.
Vengeance is the major theme of The Grand Design.
Vengeance leads only to revenge.
Vengeance lies at the end of a long, bloody road through the very estates of the damned.
Vengeance looks like an exciting adventure for any fan of the comic.
Vengeance makes for fast-paced, summertime reading.
Vengeance too is weakness.
Vengeful stalkers become angry with their victims over some insult, real or imagined.
Venial sin allows charity to subsist, even though it offends and wounds it.
Venial sin is sin
Venial sin is sin.
Venial sin lessens our charity and weakens our practice of the Catholic faith.
Venial sins are light offences or daily faults mainly committed against charity.
A venipuncture is a puncture
Venipuncture is included.
Venipuncture is minimized by placement of a dedicated heplock for blood sample acquisition.
Venipuncture is more effective and less painful than heel lancing for blood tests in neonates.
Venipuncture is the withdrawing of venous blood, typically used for analysis of the blood sample.
Venipuncture is used most often in adult patients.
Venipuncture is used when multiple tubes with different anticoagulants are needed.
Venipuncture requires medical personnel and sterile conditions.
Venipuncture sites Large veins are present on the posterior aspect of the ears.
Venipunctures are punctures.
A venison is a game
Venison can be chicken fried for delicious results.
Venison can be exceptionally tasty if cared for properly.
Venison can be kosher .
Venison can be kosher.
Venison can be quite tasty.
Venison resembles beef in texture, color, and flavor.
Venison sounds expensive.
Venison tastes as different as pork or beef.
Venison tastes like oak woods.
Venison tends to be somewhat dry, so add butter as needed.
Venison toughens quickly if overcooked or cooked attoo high a temperature.
Venisons are games.
Venisons are meat.
Vennerable Consultants Offers their services.
Venograms are obtained by injection into an appropriate vein in the upper and lower extremity.
A venography is a diagnostic technique
Venography detects both proximal vein and calf vein thrombosis.
Venography is a radiological examination in which a contrast substance is injected via a foot vein.
Venography is also the most accurate method for the diagnosis of asymptomatic thrombi.
Venography is an invasive procedure, and the contrast material can cause chemical phlebitis.
Venography is used to detect conditions such as deep-vein thrombosis.
Venography is useful when the results of other studies are equivocal.
Most venom components appear to bind with multiple physiologic receptor sites in a victim.
Venom glands help animals.
Venom affects animals.
Venom affects tissue.
Venom attacks body tissue.
Venom attacks tissue.
Venom causes acute pain.
Venom causes allergic reaction.
Venom causes cell damage.
Venom causes damage.
Venom causes extensive damage.
Venom causes extensive tissue damage.
Venom causes extreme pain.
Venom causes incredible pain.
Venom causes intense pain.
Venom causes little damage.
Venom causes mild symptoms.
Venom causes muscle damage.
Venom causes pain.
Venom causes painful symptoms.
Venom causes painful wounds.
Venom causes problems.
Venom causes reaction.
Venom causes severe pain.
Venom causes severe reaction.
Venom causes severe systemic reaction.
Venom causes severe wounds.
Venom causes skin damage.
Venom causes symptoms.
Venom causes systemic reaction.
Venom causes tissue damage.
Venom causes wounds.
Venom contains chemicals.
Venom contains components.
Venom contains compounds.
Venom contains different chemicals.
Venom contains digestive enzymes.
Venom contains enzymes.
Venom contains poison.
Venom contains toxins.
Venom enters bloodstreams.
Venom has cytotoxic effects.
Venom has direct effects.
Venom has dual functions.
Venom has effects.
Venom has functions.
Venom has reaction.
Venom has severe reaction.
Venom has toxins.
Venom helps vipers.
Venom induces intoxications.
Venom irritates skin.
Venom is a toxin
Venom is expelled from fangs.
Venom is liquids.
Venom is poison.
Venom is produced by glands.
Venom is produced by juvenile snakes.
Venom is produced by snakes.
Venom is secreted by fangs.
Venom isa toxin.
Venom kills animals.
Venom kills lizards.
Venom kills other animals.
Venom kills prey.
Venom kills small animals.
Venom kills vertebrates.
Venom leads to death.
Venom leads to paralysis.
Venom mixes with saliva.
Venom paralyzes prey.
Venom produces reaction.
Venom results in death.
Venom takes effects.
Venoms are complex mixtures of enzymes, toxins, and small molecular weight molecules.
Venoms are substances which the organism uses to harm other species .
Venoms are substances which the organism uses to harm other species.
Venoms contain many components that have been recognized.
Venoms function primarily for prey capture.
Many venoms have multiple components or toxins that lead to a complicated clinical picture.
Most venom affects animals.
Most venom affects tissue.
Most venom causes acute pain.
Most venom causes allergic reaction.
Most venom causes cell damage.
Most venom causes damage.
Most venom causes extensive damage.
Most venom causes extensive tissue damage.
Most venom causes extreme pain.
Most venom causes incredible pain.
Most venom causes intense pain.
Most venom causes little damage.
Most venom causes mild symptoms.
Most venom causes muscle damage.
Most venom causes pain.
Most venom causes painful symptoms.
Most venom causes painful wounds.
Most venom causes problems.
Most venom causes reaction.
Most venom causes severe pain.
Most venom causes severe reaction.
Most venom causes severe systemic reaction.
Most venom causes severe wounds.
Most venom causes skin damage.
Most venom causes symptoms.
Most venom causes systemic reaction.
Most venom causes tissue damage.
Most venom causes wounds.
Most venom contains chemicals.
Most venom contains components.
Most venom contains compounds.
Most venom contains different chemicals.
Most venom contains digestive enzymes.
Most venom contains enzymes.
Most venom contains poison.
Most venom enters bloodstreams.
Most venom has cytotoxic effects.
Most venom has direct effects.
Most venom has dual functions.
Most venom has effects.
Most venom has functions.
Most venom has reaction.
Most venom has severe reaction.
Most venom helps vipers.
Most venom induces intoxications.
Most venom irritates skin.
Most venom is expelled from fangs.
Most venom is produced by glands.
Most venom is produced by juvenile snakes.
Most venom is produced by snakes.
Most venom is secreted by fangs.
Most venom kills animals.
Most venom kills lizards.
Most venom kills other animals.
Most venom kills prey.
Most venom kills small animals.
Most venom leads to death.
Most venom leads to paralysis.
Most venom paralyzes prey.
Most venom produces reaction.
Most venom takes effects.
Most venoms contain both, with one predominating.
Most venoms contain neurotoxic substances.
Most venoms have many components, some of which are known to be toxic to man.
Some venom affects areas.
Some venom affects humans.
Some venom causes blindness.
Some venom causes death.
Some venom causes immediate death.
Some venom causes injuries.
Some venom causes permanent blindness.
Some venom causes temporary blindness.
Some venom comes from jaws.
Some venom consists of proteins.
Some venom contains versions.
Some venom enters blood streams.
Some venom enters streams.
Some venom enters wind.
Some venom has ability.
Some venom has purposes.
Some venom helps bees.
Some venom helps spiders.
Some venom induces pain.
Some venom induces severe pain.
Some venom is produced by male platypuses.
Some venom is produced by platypuses.
Some venom is produced by rattlesnakes.
Some venom is very concentrated and some require large quantities before damage is done.
Some venom kills birds.
Some venom kills calves.
Some venom kills men.
Some venom kills opponents.
Some venom kills rabbits.
Some venom kills victims.
Some venom leads to blindness.
Some venom paralyzes animals.
Some venom paralyzes predators.
Some venom relates to cobras.
Some venom releases neurotransmitters.
Some venoms are more potent that others and human sensitivity varies greatly.
Venomous animals are animals.
Venomous animals are common among insects, fishes, amphibians, and reptiles.
Venomous animals are different from poisonous animals .
Venomous animals are immune to their own venom.
Venomous animals are often shy and secretive, but deserve a better reputation than they have.
Venomous animals use a variety of warning strategies to discourage potential predators.
Every venomous animal has a mechanism to inject toxins directly into another animal.
Most venomous bytes are the direct result of handling or harassing spiders and iguanas .
Venomous creatures can often use their poison as a weapon.
Some venomous creatures can help save lives.
Venomous echinoderms are encountered principally in tropical seas.
Venomous fangs have half an inch in length.
Some venomous fangs deliver poison.
Venomous fish inject there poison whereas poisonous fish simply excrete or exude it.
Most venomous fish deliver the toxins through the use of a spine.
Venomous reptiles are regularly available.
Venomous scorpions find in arizona deserts.
Venomous scorpions find in deserts.
Most venomous scorpions find in arizona deserts.
Most venomous scorpions find in deserts.
Venomous sea snakes mostly inhabit the waters of Australia, Indonesia, Southeast Asia, and India.
Venomous snakes are a danger to the young.
Venomous snakes are another matter.
Venomous snakes are dangerous to have around.
Venomous snakes are snakes.
Venomous snakes are too distantly related to harmless snakes to be genetically compatible.
Venomous snakes are venomous animals.
Venomous snakes can be dangerous even after they are dead.
Venomous snakes can sometimes bite without injecting venom.
Venomous snakes eat mice.
Venomous snakes have fangs.
Venomous snakes have vertical pupils and a pit on either side of the face.
Venomous snakes search for prey.
Venomous snakes secrete a poison that paralyzes or kills and starts digestion of the prey.
Most venomous snakes eat mice.
Most venomous snakes have fangs.
Most venomous snakes replace their fangs every few weeks.
Some venomous snakes are classified in families.
Some venomous snakes are classified in taxonomic families.
Some venomous snakes have reputations.
Some venomous snakes possess fangs.
Venomous snakebites require immediate medical attention.
Venomous species occur throughout the animal kingdom, however, including the mammals.
Venomous sting causes reaction.
Some venomous toads earn reputations.
Venomous vipers lurk everywhere.
Venous access is poor.
Venous admixture represents all normal physiologic shunting.
Venous angiomas are usually an incidental finding.
Venous blood carries less oxygen than arterial blood.
Venous blood cooled in nasal passage then passes over arterial creating gradient.
Venous blood has a number of options.
Venous blood is blood that is returning to the heart through blood vessels called veins.
Venous blood is blood
Venous blood is blood.
Venous blood is cooler than arterial blood.
Venous blood is dark red or crimson and flows steadily from a cut vein.
Venous blood is darker in color than arterial blood because of the difference in dissolved gases.
Venous blood is drained by the testicular veins.
Venous blood is obtained from a vein by venipuncture.
Venous blood is really dark red or maroon in color.
Venous blood is taken from a easily accessible vein either in the arm or hand.
Venous blood leaves at the hilus.
Venous blood leaves both the superior and inferior vena cava and enters the right atrium .
Venous blood leaves the region in veins that course alongside the arteries.
Venous blood returns to the heart via the jugular veins.
Venous cannulation is a common procedure which appears to have been the subject of few RCTs.
Venous circulation is stimulated.
Venous clamp is closed.
Venous congestion occurs in the territory drained by the ophthalmic veins.
Venous drainage follows the main arterial supply.
Venous drainage is by the external pudendal veins to the greater saphenous vein.
Venous drainage is parallel to the arteries.
Venous drainage is via the pancreatic duodenal veins which end up in the portal vein.
Venous drainage is via the superior and inferior ophthalmic veins.
Venous embolism is a possibility, but is very rare.
Venous flow demonstrates a more continuous, band like shape.
Venous function is controlled, at least in part, via the arterial baroreceptor reflexes.
Venous hums can masquerade as continuous bruits.
Venous injuries have the added risk of air embolism.
Venous insufficiency involves one or more veins.
Venous insufficiency is caused by any factor that inhibits regular venous return.
Venous invasion is often extensive in renal cell carcinoma.
Venous involvement is more common than arterial disease.
Venous lake becomes inconspicuous during diascopy with a glass slide.
Venous lakes are vascular lesions that typically occur on the lips or ears.
Venous leak can be a result of injury, disease, or damage to the veins in the penis.
Venous leaks make it difficult for blood to remain in the penis during erection.
Venous levels are quite accurate for screening CO victims.
Venous malformations grow slowly over many years.
Venous occlusion leads to further hepatic edema and dysfunction.
Venous oxygen is increased in patients with depressed blood oxygen values.
Venous pathology can be deep, superficial, or mixed.
Venous plexuses drain blood from the dermis into larger subcutaneous veins.
Venous pressure is the vascular pressure in a vein or in the atria of the heart .
Venous return is impaired and causes a fall in the cardiac output.
Venous return is via the external and internal pudendal veins .
Venous return leads to filling of the heart.
Venous stenosis increases the risk of thrombosis.
Venous system is storage area for blood during circulation.
Most venous thrombi begin in the valve cusps of deep calf veins.
Venous thromboembolism is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in hospitalized patients.
Venous thrombosis can occur in healthy as well as sick individuals.
Venous thrombosis is another added risk.
Venous thrombosis is common and begins in mid-late teenage years.
Venous thrombosis is the medical term for blood clots in the veins.
Venous thrombosis is the more common and increases the chance of paradoxical embolus.
Venous thrombosis is thrombosis
Venous thrombosis occurs most frequently in the deep veins of the lower extremities.
Venous thrombosis occurs most often in the legs or pelvis.
Venous ulcers are a chronic wound caused by poor functioning of the valves in the veins of the legs.
Venous ulcers are a result of chronic venous stasis.
Venous ulcers are at least as common or more common than diabetic ulcers.
Venous ulcers are lesions on the skin of the ankle or lower leg.
Venous ulcers are the most common cause of leg ulceration in the western world.
Venous ulcers are the most common wounds affecting the legs, and are frequently found on the ankles.
Venous ulcers arise from disorders of the deep venous system.
Venous ulcers can take more than a year to heal.
Venous ulcers have an especially high re-occurrence rate.
Venous ulceration is a result of high venous pressure in the lower leg.
Venous ultrasonography is the noninvasive method of choice for diagnosing venous thrombosis.
Venous ultrasound is a completely painless examination.
Vensuian geography is comprised of a huge main plain and some highlands and lowlands.
Vent bacteria are able to endure higher temperatures than any other organism.
Vent bacteria can withstand higher temperatures than any other organism.
Vent brush is ideal for brushing wavy or curly hair, permanent waved hair, and thick or coarse hair.
Vent caps are tight and level.
Vent chambers are in the ceilings.
Vent chambers are on the side walls.
Vent crabs act as both predator and scavenger.
Vent creatures grow at a frantic rate, probably producing large numbers of offspring in larval form.
Vent damper retains heat inside tanks and eliminate losses up flue.
Vent dampers can also help to retain humidity in the building by reducing infiltration.
Vent depth is dependent upon location and part material.
All vent doors remain open during the remainder of ascent and on-orbit operations.
Vent environments minimize oxygen and radiation, which can damage primitive molecules.
Vent fields emerge all along mid-ocean ridges, which circumvent the entire Earth.
Vent fluid comes boiling up out of the floor magnesium-free.
Some vent gases generate charge.
Vent gleet can occur in any chicken.
Vent holes are much smaller and are requested to help extra cement escape from the crown.
Vent hoods feature heavy duty, corrosion resistant aluminum construction.
VENT leaders have superb birding, people, and organization skills.
Vent line filters Install per manufacture's recommendations.
Vent lines have to be brought outside the building for safe venting in the atmosphere.
Vent microorganisms are unique in other ways, too.
Most vent organisms have a free- swimming larval stage.
Vent picking is common and a whitish diarrhea frequently develops.
Vent pipes are located in roofs.
Vent pipes can go down through the floor as well as up.
Vent pipes have gaps, leaks, spaces or are rusted through.
Vent pipes utilize caps to prevent moisture entry and to stop back drafting.
Vent plugs positioned around the body allow the escape of steam from rises.
Vent size is important.
Vent stack is clear and lots of smell off it.
Vent systems are the perfect laboratory.
Some vent systems change relatively quickly.
VENT trips attract a wonderful group of people who share an interest In nature and birds.
VENT trips attract a wonderful group of people who stiare an interest In nature and birds.
Vent tube runs length of tank above height of nitrous fill point.
Vent windows are wider at bottom than at top.
Vent windows are wider at tip than bottom.
A vent is a hole
Vent isa artifact.
Vent isa crack.
Vents allow gases to escape to prevent the formation of blow holes.
Vents allow heat and steam to escape.
Vents also help reduce the overall weight of the boot.
Vents also minimize product evaporation losses.
Vents are a feature to look for.
Vents are also home to giant clams, eyeless shrimp, and mussels.
Vents are around outside edges to prevent fogging.
Vents are clean and operating properly with enough ventilation to keep areas dry.
Vents are cracks.
Vents are geologically old structures.
Vents are hard to distinguish.
Vents are holes.
Vents are important if flammables are being stored.
Vents are important to understand.
Vents are located in attics.
Vents are located in houses.
Vents are located in roofs.
Vents are located in rooms.
Vents are orifices.
Vents are part of submarines.
Vents are pieces of mesh in the kite sail.
Vents are portals.
Vents are slits.
Vents are two thirds at floor level, one third higher up for heat outlet.
Vents are very difficult to see.
Vents are very similar to windows, except vents are actually sprites.
Vents are where super-heated water squirts out of the sea floor.
Vents assure no squirting and splashing.
Vents attached to the tanks acting as vacuums draw the chromium vapor through ducts in the basement.
Vents blow air to further simulate motion.
Vents can introduce more moisture than they allow to escape.
Vents do a superior job of directing air.
Vents have (part) sections.
Vents have a debris trap to protect residents inside.
Vents improve airflow and help reduce the weight, too.
Vents remove cooking odors, smoke, humidity and air-borne grease and other cooking pollutants.
Vents replace driving lamps.
Vents run only when hoods are in use.
Vents spout hot water from the ocean floor and support unique organisms and ecosystems.
All vents are through the roof.
All vents are to be doubled strapped with plumbers tape in order to maintain proper clearances.
All vents are to be installed and ran through the roof.
Most vents are along the mid-ocean ridges, where magma is close to seawater.
Most vents are part of submarines.
Most vents occur at points where the crust is much younger.
Some vents only erupt a few inches while the tallest can reach ten feet.
Ventable windows feature stainless steel hinges and screws, and other corrosion-resistant hardware.
Vented bag improves urine drainage.
Vented batteries emit explosive gases when being charged.
Vented caps feature a hydrophobic membrane that permits sterile gas exchange when the cap is closed.
Vented case keeps controls and table top cool.
Vented closures allow container venting without leaking.
Vented disc brakes at all four corners.
Vented door is a net-shaped part ready for assembly.
Vented handles stay cool during proper stove top usage.
Vented lid prevents boil-overs , helps retain natural juices.
Vented logs require a fully operational chimney, capable of burning wood.
Vented methane contributes greatly to global warming, and poses a serious safety hazard.
Vented neoprene drys fast, and drains water.
Vented products are low pressure, gravity fed devices, with the storage tank open to the atmosphere.
Vented sand contains marine-shell fragments.
Vented sand contains-marine shell fragments.
Vented shade allows heat to escape to help maintain a more comfortable work environment.
Vented tubes are night glo capable.
A venter is a body part
Venter defends patents on genes, saying they pose no threat to scientific progress.
Venter is even more evasive.
Venter is no less blunt.
Venter is trailers the world over.
Venters are body parts.
Venters are speakers.
Venters is irreverent and witty, bringing a wonderful joie de vivre to the gallery rooms.
Venters suffer interpersonally.
Ventilated awnings are special ordered to the preferred color and pattern and assembled in our shop.
Ventilation rate is varied in response to shed temperature.
Ventilation rate See minute volume.
Ventilation allows flies to dry.
Ventilation allows for acceptable levels of temperature, humidity, and elimination of odors.
Ventilation allows for the exchange of fresh air into the enclosure.
Ventilation allows fresh air to circulate within an attic.
Ventilation allows the heated air to escape from the attic before it can build up.
Ventilation alone can cool a house during many times of the year.
Ventilation also includes the type of heating system installed.
Ventilation also limits the spread of fire and smoke, thus reducing damage.
Ventilation becomes a necessity.
Ventilation can also accelerate removal of water and drying of surface materials.
Ventilation can force fresh air into a space as well.
Ventilation can help control such moisture.
Ventilation consists of natural draught.
Ventilation controls Outdoor air reset controls.
Ventilation depends upon a pressure difference between the lungs and the outside atmosphere.
Ventilation duct with baffles and soft lining.
Ventilation ducting for the compartments passes through the bosun's storeroom to the foredeck.
Ventilation entails more than installing a fan to move some air.
Ventilation features, as much as any fabric technology, are key to a jacket's breathability.
Ventilation helps a lot, as well as improving the condition of the plants.
Ventilation increases chances.
Ventilation is a better option.
Ventilation is a defense against excess moisture and foundation decay.
Ventilation is a good way to get rid of harmful substances in the air.
Ventilation is a key component to greenhouse success.
Ventilation is a key design factor.
Ventilation is a key factor in keeping sheep clean and dry.
Ventilation is a mechanical process.
Ventilation is a system of removing the air with lead dust in it.
Ventilation is achieved by slots in the top and bottom flanges of the door.
Ventilation is adjusted by opening or closing the sides or top of the incubator.
Ventilation is also important.
Ventilation is also invaluable.
Ventilation is also more than just a way to keep from passing out from fumes.
Ventilation is also vital because still air can create the perfect conditions for fungal diseases.
Ventilation is always a problem.
Ventilation is an absolute necessity.
Ventilation is an expensive and inefficient means of dealing with secondhand smoke.
Ventilation is an important aspect of animal housing, particularly closed housing.
Ventilation is an important aspect of horse trailer design.
Ventilation is an important consideration in air quality.
Ventilation is an old and successful method of reducing emotional tension.
Ventilation is another concern.
Ventilation is another factor that is related to the animal's native habitat.
Ventilation is another important aspect.
Ventilation is another tool for parents in their battle against viruses.
Ventilation is answer.
Ventilation is as good or better than any padded model in the test.
Ventilation is bad.
Ventilation is by hand.
Ventilation is by natural means, exploiting the large thermal mass of the existing building.
Ventilation is critical.
Ventilation is crucial in today's well-insulated homes, helping to insure good indoor air quality.
Ventilation is custom designed for each space.
Ventilation is effective enough for our Malaysian weather.
Ventilation is especially important to reduce summer energy costs.
Ventilation is essential to most room areas to prevent unpleasant living conditions.
Ventilation is excellent, both on the ground and in flight.
Ventilation is extremely important and becomes critical in cool, wet weather.
Ventilation is extremely important, especially in narcotic storage areas.
Ventilation is extremely important.
Ventilation is for thru-hub exhaust propellers only.
Ventilation is gentle and evenly distributed.
Ventilation is good as well.
Ventilation is good, provided by a large opening hatch.
Ventilation is impaired by abdominal distention and patient position.
Ventilation is important all year long.
Ventilation is important as is good drainage.
Ventilation is important for improved drying conditions, especially during high humidity.
Ventilation is important for many reasons.
Ventilation is important so turn the pile with a pitchfork once a week.
Ventilation is important to keep moisture from forming.
Ventilation is important whilst soap making, as is avoidance of breathing lye fumes.
Ventilation is important year round.
Ventilation is important, but keep the plant away from drafts.
Ventilation is important.
Ventilation IS important.
Ventilation is improved, dyspnea is reduced, and a patient's quality of life improves.
Ventilation is improvement
Ventilation is improvement.
Ventilation is inadequate for motor.
Ventilation is inadequate in storage rooms.
Ventilation is increased and cooling costs reduced.
Ventilation is indispensably necessary.
Ventilation is key.
Ventilation is less necessary in cold weather.
Ventilation is located in offices.
Ventilation is maintained on the left side while surgery is performed on the right side.
Ventilation is mechanical systems.
Ventilation is more difficult, perhaps even to the point of needing additional basic research.
Ventilation is necessary for the kiln operation.
Ventilation is necessary in the battery area.
Ventilation is necessary to prevent hazardous buildup of hydrogen gas.
Ventilation is necessary to prevent hazardous build-up of hydrogen gas.
Ventilation is necessary to reduce hazardous fumes and vapors produced when using lasers.
Ventilation is necessary.
Ventilation is needed in two areas to ensure proper air flow through the attic.
Ventilation is often one of the most overlooked aspects of bathroom design.
Ventilation is one of the best solutions to indoor air quality problems.
Ventilation is one of the main engineering controls to control heat stress.
Ventilation is overlooked by many people.
Ventilation is poor, the air stagnant and malodorous.
Ventilation is provided by a louvre window and smooth sliding door.
Ventilation is provided by a space between the headband and the shell.
Ventilation is provided by an opening port and house top vent.
Ventilation is provided by convection currents through a storm-proof ventilator.
Ventilation is provided by installing roll-up sides .
Ventilation is provided by natural convection.
Ventilation is provided by overhead fans and central air.
Ventilation is provided by two roof vents and louvred side vents.
Ventilation is provided either by natural air movement or power ventilation systems using fans.
Ventilation is provided to prevent dampness and overheating of stored explosive materials.
Ventilation is recommended if the material is being used in an enclosed area.
Ventilation is required in all four side walls.
Ventilation is required in all four walls.
Ventilation is required in confined areas.
Ventilation is required.
Ventilation is resumed shortly thereafter.
Ventilation is resumed The superior vena cava line is clamped and the cannula removed.
Ventilation is resumed.
Ventilation is sufficient to remove odors and provide fresh air to each patient s room.
Ventilation is the advantage here, and also visibility of inventory.
Ventilation is the best bet to keep air fresh.
Ventilation is the best way to control exposure to harmful substances in the air.
Ventilation is the breathing in of air or oxygen.
Ventilation is the exchange of air between the external environment and the alveoli.
Ventilation is the exchanging of air in a given space.
Ventilation is the forgotten art which is so vital to a healthy indoor environment.
Ventilation is the free entry and circulation of air in a space such as a room.
Ventilation is the industry's latest strategy to derail clean indoor air.
Ventilation is the introduction of exhaust gases into the propeller.
Ventilation is the key factor to reducing the airborne concentrations.
Ventilation is the least expensive and most energy-efficient way to cool buildings.
Ventilation is the mechanics of breathing in and out.
Ventilation is the most effective way to dry out structure interiors.
Ventilation is the primary engineering control used to limit formaldehyde exposure.
Ventilation is the process of moving air into and out of the lungs.
Ventilation is through a single, good sized, screened hole in the bottom of each unit.
Ventilation is through an overhead Lewmar hatch and porthole.
Ventilation is unlikely to be a limiting factor in exercise in a healthy subject.
Ventilation is used only in limited areas.
Ventilation is usually just a beginning step in therapy.
Ventilation is usually poor.
Ventilation is very bad.
Ventilation is very important during the incubation process.
Ventilation is very important to help cool the box on hot spring or summer days.
Ventilation is very important when using heating devices.
Ventilation is very important.
Ventilation is via escape hatches in the cabin top, the cockpit doors and the aft cabin hatches.
Ventilation is vital.
Ventilation is worse than the lighting.
Ventilation isa improvement.
Ventilation keeps ethylene and carbon dioxide from building up to damaging levels.
Ventilation means value.
Ventilation needs to be checked.
Ventilation occurs passively when individuals move.
Ventilation only helps a little to reduce the radiant heat.
Ventilation plays a large role in providing moisture control and reducing summer cooling bills.
Ventilation prevents suffocation that can be caused by a heater consuming oxygen.
Ventilation provides a buffer zone for the wheat as it gains and loses heat.
Ventilation reduces manure moisture.
Ventilation reduces moisture.
Ventilation removes indoor air and adds outside air to dilute the overall level of allergens.
Ventilation requires the building to be open during the day to allow air flow.
Ventilation saves lives.
Ventilation seems to do more harm than good, say the experts.
Ventilation uses two physical properties of air to be effective.
More ventilation comes from breathing holes between the fingers.
Most ventilation increases chances.
Most ventilation reduces moisture.
Some ventilation prevents condensation.
Some ventilation prevents growth.
Some ventilation prevents mold growth.
Ventilative air is fed into the building via makeup air units at either end of the building.
A ventilator is a device
Ventilator provides adequate ventilator pattern for the patient. .
Ventilators are also use for patients who have suffered heart attacks, seizures and strokes.
Ventilators are devices.
Ventilators are medical devices.
Ventilators are part of ventilation.
Ventilators are uncomfortable.
Ventilators continue running overnight.
Ventilators help keep the airsacks open, allowing oxygen to reach the blood vessels in the lungs.
Ventilators help premature babies with immature lungs to breathe.
Ventilators provide short-term support for patients during surgery, severe pneumonia or accidents.
All ventilators have an alarm system.
Any ventilator can experience a malfunction.
Some ventilators are much noisier than others.
Ventilatory control is exercised by the nervous system over the ventilatory muscles.
Ventilatory control is extremely complex and incompletely understood.
Ventral color is cream.
Ventral color is dark black and marked with white or pale yellow blotches.
Ventral coloration corresponds with dorsal coloration.
A ventral fin is a fin
Ventral fins are bonded aluminium skins.
Ventral fur is variable, ranging from black to brownish-white.
Ventral ribs are present.
A ventral root is an efferent
Ventral roots carry motor fibers, both somatic and visceral.
Ventral sections Click on a figure to see the full sized image.
Ventral side is greyish or yellowish with black spots.
Ventral side is suffused with chestnut color and a white submarginal line on both wings.
Ventral surface is black.
Ventral surface is bright yellow anteriorly, then becomes gray or olive, then pink posteriorly.
Ventral surface is cream flecked with brown.
Ventral surface is white or gray with pale yellow spots.
Ventral surface is white or pale yellow and unmarked.
Ventral surface is white.
Ventral surface is yellow to orange and unmarked.
Ventral surface is yellow with black blotches or checkers.
Ventral surface is yellow with dark spots or half moons.
Ventral surfaces are white or cream.
Ventral surfaces are yellow or yellow-green.
Ventral surfaces are yellowish-white.
Most ventral tail scales more distinctly keeled but scales immediately behind vent smooth.
Ventral tongue is often the site of varicosities in older patients.
A ventricle is a structure
Ventricle is used to fill the artium.
Ventricle isa body part.
Ventricle starts contracting.
Ventricles are cavities.
Ventricles are chambers.
Ventricles are part of brains.
Ventricles are relaxed.
Ventricles are spaces in the brain that are filled with fluid.
Ventricles are the lower chambers.
Ventricles carry blood.
Ventricles circulate blood.
Ventricles have (part) corpi.
Ventricles have thicker walls than the atria, and thus can create the higher blood pressure.
Ventricles pump blood out of the heart when the ventricular pressure is greater than a. zero.
Ventricles pump blood to body.
Ventricles pump blood.
Ventricles show loss of ependyma.
Ventricles to pump blood.
Most ventricles carry blood.
Most ventricles circulate blood.
Most ventricles pump blood.
Some ventricles are part of brains.
Some ventricles are part of heads.
Some ventricles leave ventricles.
Ventricular arrhythmia is an irregular, deadly heartbeat.
Ventricular arrhythmia is cardiac arrhythmia.
Ventricular arrhythmias are less common.
Ventricular arrhythmias are more complex to treat.
Ventricular arrhythmias are typically more serious conditions.
Ventricular arrhythmias begin in the ventricles.
Ventricular arrhythmias can cause sudden death in someone who appeared previously fit and well.
Ventricular arrhythmias occur in almost everyone.
Ventricular arrhythmias occur in the heart's two lower chambers called the ventricles.
Ventricular contraction begins at the peak of atrial contraction.
Ventricular diastole begins with as the pressure drops and the aortic and pulmonary valves close.
Ventricular diastole is the period of ventricular filling.
Ventricular dilatation causes injury to developing forebrain.
Ventricular fibrillation can last up to five minutes.
Ventricular fibrillation exhibits dynamical properties and self- similarity.
Ventricular fibrillation is a cause of cardiac arrest and sudden cardiac death .
Ventricular fibrillation is a cause of cardiac arrest and sudden cardiac death.
Ventricular fibrillation is a major cause of death in the industrialized world.
Ventricular fibrillation is a medical emergency .
Ventricular fibrillation is a medical emergency.
Ventricular fibrillation is an abnormal heart rhythm , or arrhythmia.
Ventricular fibrillation is an emergency treated as a cardiac arrest.
Ventricular fibrillation is arrhythmia
Ventricular fibrillation is cardiac arrhythmia.
Ventricular fibrillation is chaotic irregular electrical activity within the ventricles.
Ventricular fibrillation is diseases.
Ventricular fibrillation is fibrillation
Ventricular fibrillation is life-threatening but affects a relatively small percentage of people.
Ventricular fibrillation is rare in children but very common in older adults.
Ventricular fibrillation is the most common arrhythmia that causes cardiac arrest.
Ventricular fibrillation is the most frequent cause of death prior to hospital admission.
Ventricular fibrillation is the underlying cause of a substantial proportion of heart attack deaths.
Ventricular fibrillation is ventricular arrhythmia.
Ventricular fibrillation occurs when different parts of the heart lose their synchrony.
Ventricular fibrillation occurs.
Ventricular fibrillations are the most serious.
Ventricular filling is affected, resulting in a decrease of cardiac output.
Ventricular filling is compromised by increased diastolic stiffness.
Ventricular filling occurs along the passive curves.
Ventricular filling occurs in three stages.
Ventricular hypertrophy is concentric and reduces cavity size.
Ventricular hypertrophy is suggested by a displaced or prominent precordial impulse.
Ventricular pressure builds during systole.
Ventricular pressure drops below atrial pressure and the mitral valve opens.
Ventricular pressure drops.
Ventricular pressure exceeds aortic pressure, forcing the aortic semi-lunar valve open.
Ventricular pressure falls rapidly.
Ventricular rate is greater than the atrial right.
Ventricular rate is nearly normal due to the long refractory period of the AV node.
Ventricular rate is very regular and exactly one-fourth that of the atrium.
Ventricular relaxation begins, thus initiating diastole.
Ventricular rhythm is irregular.
Ventricular tachycardia can be transient or it can be life threatening.
Ventricular tachycardia can lead to palpitations, loss of consciousness or death.
Ventricular tachycardia can occur spontaneously.
Ventricular tachycardia can result when a rapid rhythm begins in the ventricles.
Ventricular tachycardia can result when a rapid rhythm originates in the ventricles.
Ventricular tachycardia is a rapid heartbeat arising in the ventricles.
Ventricular tachycardia is a specific kind of tachyarrhythmia.
Ventricular tachycardia is an example of a more serious kind.
Ventricular tachycardia resembles a sustained run of premature ventricular complexes.
Ventricular tachycardias are diseases.
Ventricular volume is constant.
A ventriloquism is art
Ventriloquism is a creative outlet that demands humor and skill.
Ventriloquism is so closely related to magic.
Ventriloquisms are art.
A ventriloquist is a performer
Ventriloquists can speak without appearing to move their lips.
Ventriloquists do it with ther mouths closed.
Ventrolateral cortex is primary auditory cortex of the temporal lobe.
Venture capital beats industrial policy any day.
Venture capital can also include managerial and technical expertise.
Venture capital can be a mysterious art.
Venture capital can be a terrific way to raise large amounts of money, in some cases the only way.
Venture capital demands hands-on involvement in investment.
Venture capital depends on an education system that produces ideas.
Venture capital dries up.
Venture capital focuses on investing in private, young, fast growing companies.
Venture capital follows the entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs are everywhere.
Venture capital follows.
Venture capital funds the new companies, creating new jobs and wealth.
Venture capital has money to invest, but no-one is sure where to put it.
Venture capital is a booster for new entrepreneurs.
Venture capital is a brand new concept in China.
Venture capital is a challenging place to invest.
Venture capital is a long-run investment.
Venture capital is a long-term investment.
Venture capital is a lot like evolution and natural selection.
Venture capital is a powerful tool for encouraging entrepreneurship, along with innovation.
Venture capital is a relationship business.
Venture capital is a relatively new market.
Venture capital is a speculative investment with high risk and potential high reward.
Venture capital is a story of Silicon Valley and everyone else.
Venture capital is a subset of the larger private equity asset class.
Venture capital is a tough business.
Venture capital is a type of equity financing.
Venture capital is a very clubby business.
Venture capital is also welcome.
Venture capital is an important influence on the rapid growth in Oregon's technology industry.
Venture capital is an important source of equity for start-up companies.
Venture capital is an important source of equity for startup companies.
Venture capital is an industry that continuously reinvents itself.
Venture capital is an investment in an unproven business.
Venture capital is arranged.
Venture capital is capital
Venture capital is capital.
Venture capital is described as risk capital for new ventures.
Venture capital is dominated by men.
Venture capital is expensive, particularly for redevelopment projects with long timelines.
Venture capital is generally difficult to obtain.
Venture capital is hard.
Venture capital is high-risk money.
Venture capital is imperative.
Venture capital is in demand more now than ever before.
Venture capital is like baseball without the stats .
Venture capital is medium term equity funding for business.
Venture capital is money provided by professionals to startup rapidly growing companies.
Venture capital is money that is risked.
Venture capital is money.
Venture capital is of course critical to the success of startups.
Venture capital is often a second career begun after a successful career in management or finance.
Venture capital is one of three main sources of funding used to start and grow new companies.
Venture capital is particularly relevant to the development and transfer of new technologies.
Venture capital is patient capital.
Venture capital is plentiful.
Venture capital is primarily a local business.
Venture capital is raised in many initial public offerings.
Venture capital is regional.
Venture capital is sometimes available from companies.
Venture capital is still a vital tool for emerging companies.
Venture capital is the key to America's technological lead in the world marketplace.
Venture capital is the lifeblood of new technology companies.
Venture capital is typically difficult for Maine small businesses and entrepreneurs to access.
Venture capital is very expensive and tends to invest relatively late in the development process.
Venture capital is virtually non-existent.
Venture capital is what creates an industry around a new idea.
Venture capital makes it possible to mix exploration and business.
Venture capital needs to hear that message.
Venture capital pours in.
Venture capital sees a major opportunity in the dental industry.
Venture capital slows down, which hurts the ad industry.
Venture capital sounds glamorous and exciting.
Venture capital spurs growth at the critical early stages of growing companies' development.
Venture capital tends to be expensive capital.
Venture capital trusts.
Most venture capital is private, almost by definition.
Venture capitalism exists for one reason alone.
Venture capitalism involves providing external financial capital for high-risk ventures.
Venture capitalism is capitalism
Venture capitalism is capitalism.
Venture capitalism is, for the most part, a mercenary business.
A venture capitalist is a plunger
Venture Capitalist Gain a better understanding for what the end user needs.
Venture capitalists aim to invest even more money in Austin.
Venture capitalists anchor the right side of the expectations continuum.
Venture capitalists appear to be responding.
Venture capitalists are able to help on a number of levels.
Venture capitalists are among the most powerful and least-known American tycoons.
Venture capitalists are at the heart of that change.
Venture capitalists are basically risk-takers.
Venture capitalists are capitalists.
Venture capitalists are cash-flush and itching to invest in companies that are revolutionary.
Venture capitalists are different animals than other investors.
Venture capitalists are expert investors who specialize in a few industries.
Venture capitalists are impossible to get on the phone.
Venture capitalists are in the world to make money.
Venture capitalists are increasingly risk-averse.
Venture capitalists are increasingly selective and demanding.
Venture capitalists are interested in large returns, because they're taking large risks.
Venture capitalists are long on money and short on time.
Venture capitalists are on the lookout for hot, new, independent concepts.
Venture capitalists are only interested in businesses with huge potential.
Venture capitalists are only interested in numbers.
Venture capitalists are particularly bullish about corporate training and higher education markets.
Venture capitalists are people.
Venture capitalists are professional investment firms.
Venture capitalists are specialists.
Venture capitalists are speculators.
Venture capitalists are still a classic old-boy network.
Venture capitalists are still among the most tight-lipped players in the Valley.
Venture capitalists are still willing to bet on creativity and imagination.
Venture capitalists are suddenly far choosier about where they put their money.
Venture capitalists are the people who finance start-up technology ventures.
Venture capitalists are the wealthy people who pool their cash together and sponsor businesses.
Venture capitalists are too quick to pull the plug.
Venture capitalists are usually shareholders, secured by share value and legal agreements.
Venture capitalists are usually willing to take on more risk than traditional lenders and investors.
Venture capitalists are very busy and very skeptical.
Venture capitalists are very focused on having a very strong management team.
Venture capitalists are workers.
Venture capitalists argue that compromise is inevitable.
Venture capitalists attend education conferences.
Venture capitalists believe they are investing much more than money.
Venture capitalists belong to a very tight-knit community which is very difficult to break into.
Venture capitalists can add little or no value to a corporate venture program.
Venture capitalists can do the same where the entrepreneur's intergrity is supect.
Venture capitalists can only dream of such massive returns on their investments.
Venture capitalists can spot an overestimate right away.
Venture capitalists come to campus as visiting executives.
Venture capitalists differ in their approach to management of the business in which they invest.
Venture capitalists do it.
Venture capitalists expect increasing interest in storage, fueled by the expansion of Net bandwidth.
Venture capitalists expect many of their investments to fail.
Venture capitalists face increased competition.
Venture capitalists fit almost any description.
Venture capitalists get excited and reach into their wallets.
Venture capitalists give money because they like the person.
Venture capitalists go back to basics.
Venture capitalists have a very simple agenda.
Venture capitalists have attention deficit disorder.
Venture capitalists have bad years, too.
Venture capitalists have great contacts and can help recruit members of the management team.
Venture capitalists have many applications.
Venture capitalists have money to burn.
Venture capitalists have no such reservations.
Venture capitalists have to show high returns to investors.
Venture capitalists have unrealistic performance expectations.
Venture capitalists hear hundreds of ideas a week.
Venture capitalists help new business concepts move from paper to reality.
Venture capitalists hope so.
Venture capitalists invest in high risk enterprises.
Venture capitalists invest in high-growth industries promising huge profits.
Venture capitalists invest in young and innovative companies that have great potential for growth.
Venture capitalists know the trials and tribulations that come with start-ups.
Venture capitalists know what they want and how to go about getting it.
Venture capitalists load their deals with unfair terms.
Venture capitalists locate here for one very simple reason.
Venture capitalists look at Ohio as stuck in the past.
Venture capitalists look at the people involved in the new company.
Venture capitalists look for solutions to major problems.
Venture capitalists look toward long-term success.
Venture capitalists make their money by selling their shares when a company goes public.
Venture capitalists operate according to their own largely unwritten rules.
Venture capitalists play a much different game.
Venture capitalists possess a combination of healthy optimism and patient money.
Venture capitalists prefer initial contact by e-mail rather than any other method.
Venture capitalists provide equity financing.
Venture capitalists provide funding for a stake in a company.
Venture capitalists provide great value by providing capital and management expertise.
Venture capitalists receive a huge number of requests for funding all the time.
Venture capitalists receive hundreds of plans, even thousands of plans, a year.
Venture capitalists say it speeds growth.
Venture capitalists say that the best predictor of future success is past success.
Venture capitalists say there are still plenty of good ideas coming across their desks.
Venture capitalists say they like to get back two dollars for every one dollar they invest.
Venture capitalists say they're motivated by the global trends they see in business today.
Venture capitalists see hundreds of business plans yearly.
Venture capitalists share some of the blame for the inflated expectations.
Venture capitalists specialize.
Venture capitalists stand astride a tricky paradox.
Venture capitalists start paying attention.
Venture capitalists stop venturing into risky business.
Venture capitalists suggest a b etter way.
Venture capitalists suggest that three intriguing trends are becoming apparent.
Venture capitalists take great risks, and they expect great returns.
Venture capitalists take the higher risks.
Venture capitalists travel in herds, stampeding from one technology to the next.
Venture capitalists turn to their own portfolios.
Venture capitalists use every ounce of leverage they have to make their companies succeed.
Venture capitalists use presentations to determine an entrepreneur's character.
All venture capitalists say knowledgeable management the first thing they look for.
All venture capitalists talk about building businesses for the long term.
Every venture capitalist knows that new businesses are risky.
Many venture capitalists are leery of status-spenders.
Many venture capitalists say investing in the upstarts is too risky.
Most venture capitalists are overpaid.
Most venture capitalists concentrate their financing efforts on later-stage business funding.
Most venture capitalists have a fiduciary responsibility to their investors.
Most venture capitalists hold onto their wallets until a technology is developed.
Most venture capitalists invest in going concerns.
Most venture capitalists invest only in companies with a global market reach.
Most venture capitalists look for companies with high growth potential.
Most venture capitalists manage their proteges actively.
Some venture capitalists acknowledge some shaking out is inevitable.
Some venture capitalists are more mature and less volatile than others.
Venture finance addresses the full range of financial aspects of new business development.
Venture financing is a fragmented, inefficient market.
Venture funds look for a scalable model, at a country or a regional level.
Venture funds raise billions of dollars annually.
Venture funds receive hundreds of business plans every week.
Every venture fund has winners and losers.
Many venture funds claim they build companies.
Venture funding is a local business, since VCs have to monitor and coach their start-up bets.
Venture funding is an interesting business.
Venture funding pumps up companies' operations.
Venture investors can help but the core talent has to be there already.
Venture investors tend to select one of two ownership control concepts.
Venture philanthropy applies venture capital strategies to giving.
Venture philanthropy brings a welcome new set of strategies to grant making.
Venture philanthropy is different from mainline philanthropy in at least four ways.
Venture philanthropy is really a metaphor.
Venture philanthropy is the new philanthropy for the new economy.
Venture philanthropy reflects the spirit of our times, or zeitgeist.
Venture philanthropy uses the tools of venture capitalism to address social ills.
Venture philanthropy wants to understand where the money is going.
A venture is a project
Venture also specializes in the hauling and transport of heavy equipment for companies.
Venture also takes a step back from the news on the business pages.
Venture capitalists back future returns.
Venture capitalists themselves are aware of the risks.
Venture capitalists Venture capitalists and angel investors are another form of funding.
Venture discovers how companies and investors put pressure on analysts to keep bad news quiet.
Venture follows one couple who started a golf catalogue business.
Venture follows their rush from California to Toronto in a bid to get their item on store shelves.
Venture goes to a bank's training center where employees examine gender-culture clash.
Venture houses a resource library to help individuals plan their own trips.
Venture is a company with a difference - innovation.
Venture is a database of jobs and internships in the non-profit sector.
Venture is also available in a cargo van model.
Venture is no stranger to tight deadlines.
Venture is the first nonprofit in Michigan to use modular units.
Venture is the last offices on right.
Venture looks at one that has.
Venture looks at who's being sued and what Canadian businesses can do to protect themselves.
Venture manages to get the ship back into flight, using the gravity as a slingshot.
Venture manufactures electronics and computer peripherals.
Venture meets twice a month.
Venture offers experiential learning, non-credit courses and workshops in outdoor settings.
Venture offers several programs that provide experience in a wide range of fields nationwide.
Venture offers two optional intergral child safety seats.
Venture provides a window on the world of business and finance.
Venture turns on a brief radius and maneuvers well through traffic or parks easily in a tight space.
Venture Welcome to the minivan that thrives on adventure - and that's also fun and easy to drive.
Ventures are bands.
Ventures are commercial enterprises.
Ventures are light trucks.
Ventures delivers access to the hottest new ventures in the semiconductor industry every month.
Ventures finds investors for promising small businesses.
Ventures helps entrepreneurs build new businesses with new technology in a new economy.
Ventures is an integrated approach to academic leadership and action research.
Ventures is an international mineral exploration company with projects principally in Alaska.
Any venture requires serious preparation.
Every venture has a history behind it.
Many ventures fail.
Many ventures make unfilled promises about routine publishing.
Many ventures take three years to turn a profit.
Most ventures fail.
Most ventures involve seafood or microalgae products.
Some ventures involving balloons are yet to be achieved.
A venturer is a person
Venturers are merchants.
Venturers are truly a youth asset for the church and the surrounding community.
Venturers develop and manage their own program with the help of an adult advisor.
Venturers have loads of fun activities from abseiling, canoeing, rock climbing and much more.
Venturers have the courage and confidence to say, try and do.
Venturers helps teens advance their leadership skills and gain self confidence.
Venturers helps teens advance their leadership skills to gain self-confidence.
Venturers meet in a group called a company.
Venturings are riskings.
A venue is a scene
Venue also is hard to resolve.
Venue are just a click away.
Venue changes each month.
Venue exists in the county where the child resides.
Venue goes to the county of suit.
Venue is a concept of convenience.
Venue is about where the defendant lives and where the accident took place.
Venue is also proper where the return was filed.
Venue is an appropriate federal or state court located in the State of New York.
Venue is defined in terms of counties.
Venue is determined by the rules generally applicable to civil actions.
Venue is difficult to predict, making a long-distance defense a problem.
Venue is governed by the general rule under the various false statement and false claim statutes.
Venue is handicap accessible.
Venue is in the county in which the alleged violation is threatened or is occurring.
Venue is in the county in which the appraisal district is established.
Venue is in the county in which the premises are located.
Venue is in the county where the mother or child resides.
Venue is in the district court in the county in which the offense occurred.
Venue is in.
Venue is key to each party's success.
Venue is main lecture hall.
Venue is no guarantee, of course.
Venue is on the right.
Venue is placed in King County, Washington.
Venue is proper for the reason stated in the application.
Venue is proper in that the claims alleged herein arose in Clark County, Nevada.
Venue is proper in that the claims alleged herein arose in the District of Idaho.
Venue is proper in the District of Columbia.
Venue is proper in the eastern district of Virginia.
Venue is proper in the middle district of Tennessee.
Venue is proper in the northern district of Ohio.
Venue is proper in the western district of Virginia.
Venue is proper.
Venue is really beautiful, very old school grand music hall style.
Venue is rolling hills and a slight uphill from the venue back to the park.
Venue is the geographic area, like a county, where an action is brought to trial.
Venue is the place in which the concert took place.
Venue is the place where the crime happened.
Venue is to be confirmed.
Venue is too small and the field had a huge dust pit in the middle that detracted from performance.
Venue is where the place of trial is recommended.
Venue is yet to be decided, likely to be in Birmingham or close to.
Venue is yet to be decided.
Venue is yet to be determined.
Venue Offers online reservation forms.
Venue refers to the appropriate place of a criminal prosecution within the state of Ohio.
Venue refers to the county or district within a state or the U.S. where the lawsuit is to be tried.
Venue takes center stage for online efficiency, speed and cost-economies.
Venue varies .
Venue works with our general admission ticketing solutions, TR and t.
Venues also offer the possibility of varying the presentation format.
Venues are always cheap, scruffy and unpleasant.
Venues are in place to facilitate that communication.
Venues are jurisdiction.
Venues are limited.
Venues are locations where dances are held.
Venues are scenes.
Venues are subject to change.
Venues are, in theory in a location relevant to the choirs concerned.
Venues become direct vendors , selling the show and the seat.
Venues can link to the actual articles anywhere online.
Venues change frequently.
Venues change so it is best to check in the local newspaper.
Venues depend on offers to act as host and dates change occasionally around holidays.
Venues exist for excellent communication and publicity on the subject of assessment.
Venues exist worldwide and successful touring shows put money into a lot of coffers.
Venues Find people.
Venues get bigger, scene gets uglier.
Venues Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Venues hold larger and larger crowds.
Venues listed are wheelchair accessible.
Venues range from community arenas to large municipal parks.
Venues range from downtown highways to abandoned mining facilities.
Venues range from downtown highways to an artificial island off the cost of France.
Venues range from lavish tents to luxurious indoor locations, and some events combine a bit of each.
Venues range from the beach, to nightclubs, to indoor concert halls.
Venues range from the largest stadium to small clubs and bars.
Venues See also the sites of various local venues for entertainment.
Venues still attract sold-out crowds.
Venues There are many fine places to see live music in the city of Chicago.
Venues There are very few shakuhachi players in Minnesota.
Venues vary depending on performance.
Venues vary in size and features, with fees reflecting the purpose of rental and amenities provided.
All venues also ban completely - smoking, eating and drinking on or near the playing courts.
All venues are accessible by bus and subway.
All venues are accessible to people with disabilities.
All venues are accessible to the disabled.
All venues are accessible to wheelchairs.
All venues are alcohol-free, making New Year's Eve an event that everyone can enjoy.
All venues are appropriate for meeting space, as well as dining.
All venues are in Florida unless otherwise noted.
All venues are in non-smoking buildings.
All venues are in the centre of the city within walking distance from each other.
All venues are in town centres and accessible to wheelchair users.
All venues are libraries and therefore public buildings with reasonable access for all.
All venues are non-smoking.
All venues are open air.
All venues are subject to blackout days.
All venues are wheelchair accessible, and free garage parking is available.
All venues are wheelchair accessible.
All venues are within Chicago city limits, unless noted.
All venues have ample free parking.
All venues have suitable toilet facilities.
All venues have wheel chair accessible entrances and elevators.
Every venue is different.
Every venue is more businesslike and requires a paying audience to fill the seats.
Many venues also have their own catering department or catering firms that look after clients.
Many venues are now open to the public.
Many venues have multiple rooms that can accomodate varied size weddings.
Many venues list a ticket sales hotline in the telephone directory.
Many venues list a ticket sales hotline on the telephone directory.
Many venues regularly sell out murder mystery events.
Many venues require some kind of written confirmation of a verbal agreement made over the phone.
Many venues use a format where the sailors rotate boats after every race or two.
More venues open up.
Most venues are in walking distance of each other.
Most venues are now in place and are available for the public to enjoy.
Most venues are open to visitors on weekdays only.
Most venues are regular, but the line-up and material changes from night to night.
Most venues are within walking distance or a tram stop or two of each other.
Most venues boast a hard surface.
Most venues have access and facilities for disabled visitors.
Most venues have options such as lifts, stairs, escalators and ramps - ask staff for assistance.
Most venues only offer acoustic music one or two nights a week.
Most venues try to accommodate visitors with disabilities.
Some venues also charge a per ticket facility fee.
Some venues also close down for the summer.
Some venues are more compatible to the physical set up of microphones than others.
Some venues are open for evening service.
Some venues are sure bets.
Some venues are visually neutral, while others make a strong visual impression.
Some venues can arrange one on the spot.
Some venues collect tips for featured poets.
Some venues even offer annual or monthly subscription packages at a discount.
Some venues even provide a self-catering breakfast.
Some venues favor art which stimulates ingenuity or incentives.
Some venues fill with the scent of flowers as sweltering days become tolerable evenings.
Some venues have ample amounts of free parking.
Some venues have distribution points such as record stores and other retail outlets.
Some venues have food stands for carnival-type faire.
Some venues have special sound systems for the hearing impaired.
Some venues offer props and decoration free of cost.
Some venues pass tip jar for featured poets.
Some venues pass tip jar for features.
Some venues provide far more than that.
Some venues provide free transport from local stations and airports.
Some venues provide live music.
Some venues report falling numbers, ageing attendances.
Some venues require the new grappling gloves, and others allow bare hands.
Venular malformations occur on the head and neck as the most common sites.
A venule is a vein
Venules are smaller veins that gather blood from capillary beds into veins.
Venules are smaller versions of a vein.
Venules are the smallest veins .
Venules are the smallest veins.
Venules are veins.
Venules eventually become veins and head back to the heart.
Venules join together to form the renal vein which drain blood from the kidneys.
All venules connect to capillaries on one end and a vein on the other.
All venules drain into the common vein, then into the output tubing.
Many venules feed into one vein.
Venusian clouds are thick and are composed of sulfur dioxide and droplets of sulfuric acid.
Venusian properties are available to all the people on Earth.
Venzuni soils are on alluvial fans on valley sides and stream terraces on valley floors.
Venzuni soils are on stream terraces on valley floors and alluvial fans on valley sides.
Veracity almost gestures to worth as recipe for dehydration.
Veracity can assist by detecting unauthorized changes in webs before the changes cause much damage.
Veracity derives from instinct, and marks superiority in organization.
Veracity has to do with one's disposition toward truth.
Veracity is a flexible general purpose tool that has more than a dozen different applications.
Veracity is a propriety source-code commercial software product.
Veracity is a very flexible tool that can be used in many different ways.
Veracity is also a related ethical risk.
Veracity is one of the most important bases of human society.
Veracity is the heart of morality.
Veracity is the strict observance of truth in all our communications.
Veracity is truthfulness
Veracity is truthfulness.
Veracity is truth-telling.
Veracity models a file as a collection of file attributes.
Veracity produces multiplatform software for checking file integrity for security and reliability.
Veracity provides quality by test.
Veracity provides web sites with access to continuously updated news.
Veracity refers to truthtelling.
Veracruz cigars are available with either a natural or maduro wrapper.
Veracruz is part of Mexico.
Veracruz isa thing.
A veranda is a porch
Verandas extend entirely around the building.
Verandas surround both.
A verandah is a porch
Verandahs adjoining each room allow for quiet contemplation or romantic island dining.
Verandahs are porchs.
Verandahs are the hot amenity right now.
Verandahs outside look over the beach.
Verandahs often cover the whole front and sides of a building .
Verandahs often cover the whole front and sides of a building.
A verb phrase is a phrase
Some verb phrases require an -ing form in the complement.
Every verb stem has two forms, called bases.
Verb style uses active verbs.
Verb tenses are consistent.
Verb tenses are tools that English speakers use to express time in their language.
A verb is a category
Verb isa category.
Verb isa class.
VERB verb Go into verbose mode.
Verbs agree with the subject in person and number.
Verbs agree with their subject in number.
Verbs agree with their subjects.
Verbs already exist to describe most actions.
Verbs also show tense or time of action.
Verbs appear in the past, present and future forms.
Verbs are a bit trickier, but the infinitive plus basic tenses are included.
Verbs are action or existence words that tell what nouns do.
Verbs are action words like run, hop, give and look.
Verbs are 'action words', but then, in their own way, so are nouns like 'wind'.
Verbs are action words.
Verbs are actions.
Verbs are ambiguous out of context and therefore make poor keywords.
Verbs are an important part of any language - every full sentence has one.
Verbs are another challenge.
Verbs are body functions and body actions like run, kick, etc.
Verbs are conjugated by modifying their endings with word stems.
Verbs are either active or passive voice.
Verbs are either in passive voice or in active voice.
Verbs are either transitive or intransitive.
Verbs are extremely difficult to express in image.
Verbs are fast, slow.
Verbs are good.
Verbs are hard to find.
Verbs are hard.
Verbs are in the first part of the story.
Verbs are inflected according to gender as well as person and number.
Verbs Are It.
Verbs are just the opposite of nouns.
Verbs are located in books.
Verbs are located in sentences.
Verbs are messages sent from one object to the next.
Verbs are metaphors.
Verbs are more complicated, but they fall into patterns.
Verbs are necessary.
Verbs are often relations.
Verbs are one of the most useful parts of speech.
Verbs are organized in terms of ways of doing, e.g. digging is one way of removing.
Verbs are part of copulas.
Verbs are part of predicates.
Verbs are part of sentences.
Verbs are part of verbs.
Verbs are parts of speech.
Verbs are self-sufficient.
Verbs are so revealing of assumptions about motivation.
Verbs are streaks of paint that add motion to the story.
Verbs are the big topic in foreign language.
Verbs are the bringers of life.
Verbs are the executable code associated with objects and which define how the object behaves.
Verbs are the glue.
Verbs are the most important words in a sentence.
Verbs are the strongest tools a writer is given, because they embody an action.
Verbs are the very heart of a sentence, and a good choice of verb can improve a sentence enormously.
Verbs are the words that express action or development.
Verbs are under the root entry.
Verbs are very often irregular.
Verbs are vivid and descriptions precise.
Verbs are words of action.
Verbs are words that express action or state of being.
Verbs are words that show action or being.
Verbs are words that tell an action.
Verbs are words used to describe what's going on and the way things are.
Verbs are words.
Verbs basically represent action, and adjectives represent condition.
Verbs become nouns.
Verbs become relationships.
Verbs browse electrically in mist , particles gnarl the stems of bulrush copulae.
Verbs call forth our memory of action.
Verbs can be active or passive.
Verbs can change tense.
Verbs can either precede or follow subjects.
Verbs can have names that are like the names of database entries because verbs are database entries.
Verbs can modify nouns or other verbs, but nouns can only modify nouns directly.
Verbs can occur in compounds in which the second element indicates result or direction.
Verbs can show agreement with the subject, object, and indirect object.
Verbs cause the most grief in learning Spanish grammar, primarily because of all the forms.
Verbs change form to show the time of the action or idea that they express.
Verbs change their endings for person, number, and tense.
Verbs change, then, to indicate if one or several people take place in the action.
Verbs come at the end of the sentence.
Verbs come later following, properly, lognostic retention.
Verbs come next.
Verbs Complete the sentences with verbs that are also body parts.
Verbs contain clues to what the character wants, consciously and subconsciously.
Verbs contribute to the coherence of brief narratives.
Verbs describe actions and states.
Verbs describe actions or states of being and therefore rank with nouns in force.
Verbs describe the true universe better than nouns.
Verbs Describe the verb strings for each of the following sentences.
Verbs describe what is happening.
Verbs describing the flow of blood from wounds are commonly exaggerative in the poetic language.
Verbs describing the middle of an event are quantificational verbs and holes.
Verbs diversify their meanings and their ability to accept objects by combining with prefixes.
Verbs end in ' - as ' when they are in present tense .
Verbs end in '-as' when they are in present tense.
Verbs ending in o preceded by a vowel add only s to form the third-person singular.
Verbs express actions, occurrences, or states of being.
Verbs Find all the words that are verbs in the book.
Verbs Go over ex.
Verbs has to agree in number with their subjects.
Verbs has to agree with their antecedents.
Verbs has to agree with their subject.
Verbs has to agree with their subjects, and the adverb always follows the verb.
Verbs has to agree with their subjects.
Verbs HAS to agree with their subjects.
Verbs have a highly developed inflectional system.
Verbs have a lot of forms, too.
Verbs have a negative as well as an affirmative voice.
Verbs have many different forms.
Verbs have no personal inflection.
Verbs have present, past, future tenses, imperative and subjunctive moods.
Verbs have to agree with their subjects.
Verbs have two functions in sentences.
Verbs Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Verbs imply becoming.
Verbs imply time.
Verbs involve the grammatical categories of number, mood, and tense.
Verbs metamorphose into nouns, and nouns transform themselves into verbs at the drop of a suffix.
Verbs mostly express an action, but can also express a state.
Verbs never change form.
Verbs normally come at the end of a sentence.
Verbs remember their complements in language production.
Verbs show action or state of being.
Verbs show action.
Verbs show time.
Verbs showing movement of a part of the body often take instrumental.
Verbs use various suffixes to indicate tense .
Verbs used in the present tense take the base form of the verb.
Verbs always agree with their subjects, even when the subjects are far away.
Verbs usually come at the end of the sentence, instead of near the beginning as in English.
All verbs are conjugated and can be classified in different sets according to the sentence patterns.
All verbs are conjugated following the same type, and came be simple and complex.
All verbs are either in the active voice or the passive voice.
All verbs are in the infinitive form.
All verbs are nouns.
All verbs are regular.
All verbs fall into one of three groups.
Any verb is a member function.
Every verb has four basic forms called principal parts .
Every verb has six tenses, and each tense has a simple form and a progressive form.
Every verb is counted once.
Every verb is linked to the parsing of the original language.
Many verbs can be either transitive or intransitive, depending on how they are used.
Many verbs function transitively as well as intransitively.
Many verbs have a passive form.
Many verbs have an iterative form, which expresses repeated action.
Many verbs have their own prepositions plus the specific case they take.
Most verbs are part of copulas.
Most verbs are regular verbs and that's of course the easiest kind.
Most verbs are regular, but some verbs are irregular.
Most verbs are transitive, but some transitives are easily confused with the intransitives.
Most verbs can be both intransitive and transitive depending on the sentence.
Most verbs express action.
Most verbs seem e embassy.
Most verbs take the suffix s in the third-person singular.
Some verbs are deponent which means that they are passive in form but active in meaning.
Some verbs are greedy as far as subjects are concerned.
Some verbs are impersonal , i.e. , they only exist in the third person singular.
Some verbs are in both groups, but there are very few auxiliary verbs in English.
Some verbs are multi-word verbs, made up of a verb and one or two particles.
Some verbs can be either transitive or intransitive.
Some verbs can be transitive or intransitive.
Some verbs can even have two objects.
Some verbs ending in o preceded by a consonant add es to form the third-person singular.
Some verbs express action and are called action verbs.
Some verbs have both strong and weak forms, especially in the past perfect.
Some verbs have irregular future stems, which are the same as their irregular conditional stems.
Some verbs have irregular past tense forms .
Some verbs have several allowable complements.
Some verbs have similar meanings.
Some verbs have their direct objects in the dative case.
Some verbs have two stems in the subjunctive.
Some verbs require specific prepositions.
Some verbs seem misapplied.
Some verbs take either an infinitive or a gerund, only an infinitive, or only a gerund as objects.
Some verbs take objects that are introduced by prepositions.
Some verbs take the gerund when there is no object but get to-infinitive when there is an object.
Some verbs take their direct objects in more than just the accusative case.
Some verbs use one method, other verbs use the other method.
Verbal ability is required to communicate with patients and to understand instructions received.
Verbal abuse can also be incredibly damaging.
Verbal abuse can and sometimes does, turn physical.
Verbal abuse can be a weapon used by either partner in a couple.
Verbal abuse can be awful, but it is possible to eliminate it.
Verbal abuse can be just as life-threatening as a loaded gun.
Verbal abuse can be just as painful as physical abuse.
Verbal abuse can cause as much, maybe more damage than the physical part of it.
Verbal abuse can leave more lasting emotional scars than any other form of abuse.
Verbal abuse can really hurt someone.
Verbal abuse can sometimes turn into physical abuse.
Verbal abuse can take many forms.
Verbal abuse can, sometimes, be just as damaging as physical abuse.
Verbal abuse causes many negative consequences.
Verbal abuse escalates and often turns into physical abuse.
Verbal abuse escalates and turns into physical abuse over time.
Verbal abuse escalates.
Verbal abuse happens everyday.
Verbal abuse happens much more often.
Verbal abuse has to create a hostile, intimidating or threatening learning environment.
Verbal abuse is a common form of mental injury and can lead to domestic violence.
Verbal abuse is a crazymaking means of dominance and control.
Verbal abuse is a form of emotional violence.
Verbal abuse is a sad part of our culture.
Verbal abuse is also totally unacceptable behavior.
Verbal abuse is always humiliating as it is nonrespectful towards the other person.
Verbal abuse is common.
Verbal abuse is commonplace.
Verbal abuse is cruel.
Verbal abuse is even more prevalent.
Verbal abuse is hurtful and usually attacks the nature and abilities of the partner.
Verbal abuse is hurtful.
Verbal abuse is ignored until a student reacts severely inappropriately, i.e. school shootings.
Verbal abuse is insidious.
Verbal abuse is just as bad as physical abuse, sometimes even worse.
Verbal abuse is just as bad as physical abuse.
Verbal abuse is just as damaging and just as painful as physical abuse.
Verbal abuse is just as harmful.
Verbal abuse is manipulative and controlling.
Verbal abuse is more widespread.
Verbal abuse is much more than calling someone names.
Verbal abuse is part of everyday life at senior level.
Verbal abuse is particularly prevalent.
Verbal abuse is personal and lowers self esteem in children and adults.
Verbal abuse is prevalent and includes intimidation as well.
Verbal abuse is primarily about control.
Verbal abuse is sometimes worse than physical abuse.
Verbal abuse is the issue in the relationship.
Verbal abuse is the norm in families of addicts.
Verbal abuse is unjustified, unremitting harsh criticism.
Verbal abuse is unpredictable.
Verbal abuse is unsportsmanlike.
Verbal abuse occurs when a person is constantly berated for the actions or inactions.
Many verbal abusers are delightful, charming men in public.
Verbal activity leads to sequences such as narratives and explanations.
Verbal aggression is considered by children to be hurtful.
Verbal aggression occurs for many other reasons.
Verbal agitation presents as sarcasm, profanity and personal verbal attacks.
Verbal agreements are almost impossible to enforce.
Verbal agreements are never a good idea.
Verbal agreements are null and void if tenants go to court.
Verbal agreements are possible, especially when the project is small.
Verbal agreements are subject to challenge.
Verbal agreements are to be confirmed in writing by the party who initiated the business project.
Verbal agreements are usually worth nothing.
Verbal agreements are very hard to enforce, so seek a written agreement from a responsible breeder.
Verbal agreements are worthless.
Verbal agreements can be misunderstood and usually are unenforceable.
Verbal agreements can be more difficult to enforce if there is any dispute.
Verbal agreements can often lead to misunderstandings and missed opportunities.
Verbal agreements lead to verbal disagreements.
Any verbal agreements are difficult to enforce or to if problems develop.
Verbal altercations erupt both inside and outside of the meetings.
All verbal appraisals are free of charge.
Verbal arguments tend to be highly emotional and poorly remembered.
Verbal arrangements can cause problems later on.
Verbal assault can be the precursor to physical violence.
Verbal assent is requested.
Verbal assistance means a staff member gives direction to the person in exiting the site.
Verbal attacks are very different.
Verbal attacks bring people together.
Verbal attacks follow certain patterns, and have some hidden rules.
Verbal attacks start early on.
Verbal authorization is required for any return.
Verbal authorization is required prior to scheduling urgent appointments.
Verbal bullies are like playground bullies.
Verbal bullying includes name-calling, insulting, making racist comments and constant teasing.
Verbal bullying is more insidious and lasting.
Verbal bullying is one of the most common types of bullying.
Verbal categories require single entries to be mounted on one or more sheets of letter-size paper.
Verbal comments regarding the percentage of special education verses regular education.
Verbal commitments are an important, but limited first step.
Verbal commitments are non-binding.
Verbal commitments can come very early in the process or just before the official signing periods.
Verbal communication depends upon using the voice effectively.
Verbal communication is a new string of the web used mainly by humanity.
Verbal communication is all-important.
Verbal communication is an important and even essential tool in human interaction.
Verbal communication is conducted face to face and on the telephone.
Verbal communication is conducted face to face, on the telephone and in a classroom setting.
Verbal communication is critically important to relationships.
Verbal communication is different from written communication.
Verbal communication is enhanced through six credits of speech courses.
Verbal communication is extremely important in a language arts classroom.
Verbal communication is far superior to electronics for inspiring and motivating.
Verbal communication is impossible with a cuffed tracheal tube in place.
Verbal communication is only one method.
Verbal communication is possible in even the noisiest manufacturing environments.
Verbal communication is really better than numerical.
Verbal communication is stressed.
Verbal communication is the act of conveying meaning by means of speech.
Verbal communication is the most important type of communication within the marriage relationship.
Verbal communication is the use of words and language in order to provoke a meaning in others.
Verbal communication is unique to human beings.
Verbal communication is used majority for protesting or cursing.
Verbal communication is virtually their only source of ideas.
Verbal communication places the control in the hands of the group.
Verbal communication skills for effective interaction with office and plant personnel.
Verbal communication skills in counseling patients and family members is necessary.
Verbal communication skills.
Verbal communications are acceptable.
Verbal communications are frequently easier to understand when visuals are used.
Verbal communications are very easily misunderstood.
Most verbal communications use cues from both the visual and acoustic modalities to convey messages.
Verbal confirmation is good enough.
Verbal confrontation can lead to other forms of physical violence.
Verbal confrontation exercises.
Verbal consent is adequate for non copyrighted presentations and non invasive recordings.
Verbal consent is adequate.
Verbal consent is obtained before any visual or physical inspection of their costume begins.
Verbal consent means that subjects are read a verbal version of informed consent.
Verbal contracts are technically legal and binding, but are next to impossible to enforce.
Verbal control turns into family discussions.
Verbal criticism is meaningless in the essay writing process.
Verbal delivery includes elements like pitch, volume, rate, and smoothness.
Verbal denial means nothing.
A verbal description is a statement
Verbal descriptions accompany each location and a keyword search facility is also available.
Verbal descriptions are a poor substitute for graphics.
Verbal descriptions can provide clues to the essential features of a demonstration.
Verbal directions are only available to blind people if other people are present.
Verbal distinctions are often critical.
Verbal evidence is always useful when compiling a geophysical survey.
Verbal exchanges are important but more is required.
Verbal exchanges are often confused, vague, or incomplete.
Some verbal exchanges take places.
Verbal explanation is kept to a minimum.
Verbal explanations are worthless.
Verbal expression is communication
Verbal expression is encouraged as it arises during the direct bodily-felt experience of the client.
Verbal expression leads to language development, an important aspect of learning to read.
Verbal expression starts the process for learning especially when the mind is young.
Verbal expressions are appropriate in highly familiar and structured situations.
Verbal facility is often impaired both in speaking and writing.
Verbal feedback works best when delivered in the form of brief statements, rather than questions.
Verbal fluency is an individual's ability to generate a large number of ideas with words.
Verbal fluency is considered praiseworthy.
Verbal forms used for foregrounding generally belong to the most prominent verbal category.
Some verbal gestures pack a wallop no magic spell can contain.
Verbal guarantees are worthless.
Verbal guidance has many intrinsic drawbacks.
Verbal harassment happens among colleagues, also.
Verbal harassment happens throughout the school.
Verbal history is our entertainment.
Verbal images live in the consciousness and memory of the hearer.
Verbal indexing is only available for so-called 'core arguments'.
Verbal information is a valuable source of genealogical data.
Verbal information is provided for parent but no specific consent is obtained.
Verbal input is second in importance, and the following are in order of importance.
Verbal interaction is used to clarify ambiguous recognition words.
Verbal interaction operates on fluent speech.
Some verbal interaction is specific to the form of delivery.
Many verbal interventions are as intrusive and abusive as harmful forms of touch.
Verbal intonation carries heavier weight too.
Verbal irony is a figure of speech that occurs when a person says one thing but means the opposite.
Verbal irony looks like being a language universal.
Verbal irony See irony.
Most verbal items require a simple word or number response.
Verbal knowledge is of no avail for the destruction of the delusion of the world.
All verbal knowledge is Sruta jnana.
Verbal learners are individuals who learn by reading about things.
Verbal learners get more out of written and spoken words and explanations.
Verbal learners learn through oral and written explanations.
Verbal learners prefer to learn through talking and expressing themselves through language.
Verbal learners prefer words, either spoken or written.
Verbal learners understand new information best through written and spoken words.
Verbal learners use text and narration to accomplish the same end.
Verbal memory is one of the first functions to be affected.
Verbal messages require time to think and deliver.
Verbal messages share feelings more directly.
Verbal messaging is often effective.
Verbal notification is permitted but a written follow-up notice is requested.
Verbal orders are only acceptable in the case of a dose modification.
Verbal orders can cause shipping errors.
Verbal orders continue to be a challenge for almost all organizations.
Verbal orders require confirmation of a recharge card.
Verbal permission is acceptable, but a written release form is preferred.
Verbal permission is obtained.
Verbal persuasion is also effective in influencing self-efficacy.
Verbal phrases are verbals and any of the verb form's modifiers, objects or complements.
Verbal phrases are word groups that appear inside sentences.
Verbal play is very important for babies.
Verbal pollution takes a heavy toll on everyone.
Verbal praise is a powerful method of rewarding appropriate behavior.
Verbal profanity is contradictory to a lifestyle of holiness.
Verbal promises are difficult to enforce.
Verbal promises mean little.
Verbal prompts are instructions that the teacher gives to the learner .
Verbal prompts are instructions that the teacher gives to the learner.
Verbal prompts are useful for teaching new behaviors .
Verbal prompts are useful for teaching new behaviors.
Verbal protocol allows a person to use cognitive processes to solve problems.
Verbal protocol is a self-help method.
Verbal proxies are only valid at the meeting in which they are promulgated.
Verbal purity is difficult, and more difficult still is mental purity or psychological purity.
Verbal pyrotechnics abound.
Verbal queues are about it and have little to do with what actually goes on.
Verbal quotations are effective for the day of the quotation only.
Verbal recall depends on child's age when traumatized and on the chronicity of the trauma.
Verbal recitation can be an effective way to organize and remember the material.
Verbal reinforcement is provided for students correct answers.
Verbal reinforcement takes on the form of praise and reprimands.
Verbal repetition is powerful.
Verbal reports are available by telephone immediately after dictation using a digital system.
Verbal reports are often unreliable.
Verbal reports encourage litigation.
Verbal reports say that children have made very good progress.
Verbal representations are non-binding.
Verbal results are available within ten business days after receipt of samples.
Verbal scores are the most important.
Verbal sharing is optional.
Some verbal signs are direct, others are vague or coded.
Verbal sins can destroy a family or a congregation.
Verbal skills are absolutely necessary.
Verbal skills are as important as motor skills.
Verbal skills are just as important.
Verbal skills are limited to reading the instructional material.
Verbal skills are one of mankind's greatest assets.
Verbal skills improve.
Verbal skills take time to develop.
Verbal slips can sometimes have very funny results.
Verbal snapshots perform the same function.
Verbal statements are an essential part of problem solving.
Verbal statements are intuitively attractive for preference elicitation.
Verbal statements encourage verbal responses.
Verbal statements form probes to locate information in one's knowledge space.
Some verbal stimuli have correspondence.
Verbal strategies range from simple opposition to complex reasoning and negotiation.
Verbal support is the least desirable method of evidence.
Verbal surveys have one distinct advantage over written ones in that they can be dynamic.
Verbal tests are available by request.
Verbal testing is sufficient in some instances.
Verbal thermals dont help.
Verbal threats are remarks that carry the implied or direct threat of physical harm.
Verbal threats do constitute simple assault.
Verbal threats spur some response, but there is no absolute discipline or specific punishment.
Verbal tics are much less common in occurrence.
Verbal transmission is discouraged for liability reasons.
Verbal utterances mean just as much as written understandings.
Verbal violence becomes more intense over time .
Verbal violence can be a spoken taunt or a bombardment of hateful, disgusting words.
Verbal violence can take many forms.
Verbal violence exists on basketball courts as well, and it usually results in physical violence.
Verbal violence is bad enough.
Verbal violence is hostile aggression.
Verbal violence is where physical violence begins.
Verbal warning is issued at the initial failure.
Verbal warnings allow children time to follow a task or make an adjustment to a parental request.
Verbal warnings require that parents also provide verbal praise for positive behaviors.
Verbalization alone is insufficient.
Verbalization can enhance and strengthen the power and effectiveness of any presentation.
Verbalization is a kingdom principle.
Verbalization is an activity
Verbalization is necessary, but at the appropriate time and in the appropriate way.
Verbalization is wording.
Verbalization serves to access the knowledge requested by the previous step.
Some verbalization is better than none, since most visuals have many interpretations.
Verbatim agreement implies text relations.
Verbatim comments suggest that on-call duties are difficult and financially frustrating.
Some verbatim comments follow.
Verbatim remarks are to be published in a future issue.
Verbatim strings can even span multiple lines.
Verbatim translation is within quotation marks, but the rest is only a summary.
All verbatim words are in quotation marks, and the source of the quote is cited with a page number.
A verbena is a flower
Verbena officinalis .
Verbena officinalis, honey protection, ii.
Verbena proves that power trios can still matter.
Verbena stricta Vent.
Verbena thrives in rock gardens and between cracks of pavers or bricks.
Verbenas are bushs.
Verbenas are flowers.
Verbenas are moderate feeders.
Verbenas are plants.
Verbenas are very popular because of their intense color and dependability.
Some verbenas are considered weeds .
Some verbenas are considered weeds.
Verbiage is excessive.
Verbiage is expression
Verbiage makes one sound smart.
Verbosity creates opportunities for bugs.
Verbosity is demonstrated more often than brevity.
Verbosity is neither essential nor rewarded.
Verbosity is never a good idea.
Verbosity is style
Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things.
Verbosity leads unclear inarticulate things.
Verbs forms can be finite or nonfinite.
Verdant fairways encourage golfers to take their best shot.
Verdant forest reaches right up to the river's sun-basked banks.
Verdant forests provide a haven for colorful native birds, wildlife, and endemic plant species.
Verdant gardens surround each wing to give variety, character and individuality.
Verdant hills roll into soft white-sand beaches and turquoise waters.
Verdant images accompany autumnal poems.
Verdant jungles await to be explored.
Verdant pastures blend into wooded acres perfect for jaunts through the woods.
Verdian singers come mostly from abroad.
Verdict is a finding
Verdict is decisions.
Verdict is films.
Verdict is findings.
Verdicts are of several kinds, namely, privy and public, general, partial, and special.
Verdicts show the age of the delinquent and the signatures of the jurors.
All verdicts are subject to appeal and review by a higher court.
Every verdict is like the tolling of the bell in dead silence.
Many verdicts issued by Croatian court seem to confirm that assumption.
A verdigris is a patina
Verdigris finish brass crane duo.
Verdigris finish over metal.
Verdigris is basic copper acetate.
Verdigrises are pigment.
A verdin is a tit
Verdins are insectivores .
Verdins are insectivores.
Verdins occasionally try to get tidbits of dried sugar water from hummingbird feeders .
Verdins occasionally try to get tidbits of dried sugar water from hummingbird feeders.
Verdins seem undaunted by our extremes of weather.
Verge is an edge
Verge is borders.
Verge is limits.
Verges certainly knows what it's like to work without singles.
Verges is a old term that is slowly coming back into use.
Verges sparkle with geraniums.
Verges then orders the man to keep silence throughout the town.
Verical transmission is of minor significance.
Veridical apparitions are of most value to parapsychologists and research scientists.
Veridical communication is possible.
Verifiable demand is interesting.
Verifiable experience is defined as experience with a regulated carrier.
Verifiable facts make for a much more convincing case then a lot of opinions.
Verifiable income is wages and salary, including salary which is the result of self-employment.
Verifiable information is a term that is fairly common in the economics literature.
Verifiable information is scarce.
Verifiable numbers are sketchy as they are based on nine year old census data.
Verifiable points are transferable from and to other aquarium societies.
Any verifiable sin is grounds for church discipline.
Verification of employment is required to determine if the advertised qualifications are met.
Verification of employment is the responsibility of the hiring department.
Verification can also fail if instances access different copies of the same datafile.
Verification can be as simple as a handwritten letter from a near relative.
Verification can be slow, but it is only run once, before the interpreter executes the bytecodes.
Verification can never be foolproof or effective.
Verification can reduce internet fraud.
Verification Check it out.
Verification checks the card number for certain criteria.
Verification confirms the identity and evaluates the condition of an item.
Verification consists of running the directors and routers in verify mode.
Verification dates for web sites.
Verification depends on complexity of the scene, remoteness and topography.
Verification ensures that the bar code meets industry guidelines.
Verification falls into two main categories.
Verification fulfills a mandate of the federal government.
Verification happens when metazoa receives a copy of the page proofs by mail.
Verification has to be talked about.
Verification involves directly monitoring the timing performance at each node.
Verification involves testing the design in an aftempt to uncover hidden bugs.
Verification is a certificate of successful completion from the instructor.
Verification is a critical part of a bar code sale.
Verification is a direct use of the definition of truth to decide if the statement is true.
Verification is a dominant theme in scientific methodology.
Verification is a major issue with North Korea's nuclear program.
Verification is a mathematical analysis showing that the behavior follows from the structure.
Verification is a problem.
Verification is a significant barrier to enrollment.
Verification is a tough thing.
Verification is a tricky thing.
Verification is a vital part of the scientific process.
Verification is a way of confirming the identity and evaluating the condition of an item.
Verification is accomplished by laboratory work.
Verification is accomplished by tipping to light.
Verification is accomplished through laboratory work.
Verification is accomplished through the utilization of case citators.
Verification is affidavits.
Verification is against the password.
Verification is against the username.
Verification is always necessary in and of itself.
Verification is an art.
Verification is an investigation that shows that specified requirements are fulfilled.
Verification is an ongoing process.
Verification is another matter all together.
Verification is at the heart of the Cambodian demining effort.
Verification is available upon request at the seminar.
Verification is avoided.
Verification is based on the concept that the rhythm with which one types is distinctive.
Verification is built-in, confirming results and simplifying program evaluation.
Verification is by barcode number.
Verification is by declaration and documentation of organization.
Verification is by documentation of age.
Verification is carried out by checking the values in the file against the calculated values.
Verification is conformation of eligibility for free and reduced price meals.
Verification is critical to insure adequate supplies indeed are adequate.
Verification is critical to the enforcement of any treaty.
Verification is done annually by on-site visits to each participating farm.
Verification is done through a system of random edits in the computer.
Verification is done using one of three methods.
Verification is easy, fast and accurate with no paper to shuffle or misplace.
Verification is extremely hard.
Verification is hard, unfortunately.
Verification is impractical for most systems.
Verification is instant and essentially perfect.
Verification is issued via mail or fax upon the receipt of all applicable fees.
Verification is key.
Verification is more cost-effective than unit testing for several reasons.
Verification is much easier.
Verification is necessary from the home school.
Verification is necessary only if the lack of grammatical accuracy interferes with communication.
Verification is necessary to show that the document sent is the same as the one received.
Verification is needed throughout the missile system's life.
Verification is needed.
Verification is nothing short of common sense.
Verification is now only limited by contextual similarity and appropriate categorization.
Verification is one aspect of security.
Verification is performed by computing both and and checking their equality.
Verification is perhaps too grand a word for reporting.
Verification is possible because it is possible to read when the negated output goes low.
Verification is possible only with formal techniques.
Verification is proof
Verification is requested.
Verification is required before purchase can be made.
Verification is required each visit.
Verification is required for all new members to uphold the integrity of the auction.
Verification is required for participation.
Verification is required to decide eligibility or to increase assistance benefits.
Verification is required to strengthen confidence.
Verification is required.
Verification is simple and very obvious.
Verification is simple.
Verification is simpler, of course, as only one good image of the retina is necessary.
Verification is software development.
Verification is the comparison of a claimant fingerprint against an enrollee fingerprint.
Verification is the information as to whether the answer is correct or incorrect.
Verification is the most important question addressed by the applicant.
Verification is the number one bottleneck in chip design today.
Verification is the process of confirming that an implemented model works as intended.
Verification is the process of proving that the system performance is within specification.
Verification is the process that assures that the product is bug-free.
Verification is the responsibility of the person seeking contact.
Verification is the test of correctness and validation is the test of rightness.
Verification is the use of goal-factored production rules as a means of selection.
Verification is to weed out bogus submissions, and to check for obvious errors.
Verification is trickier.
Verification is undertaken in a variety of contexts.
Verification is undertaken with the support of appropriate management agencies.
Verification is used to ensure that sections exist for which data have been collected.
Verification is usually straightforward.
Verification needs to be made in writing.
Verification needs to include the dates and times of services.
Verification produces assurance that the system as built meets the stated requirements.
Verification provides an additional confidence check.
Verification Provides an overview of the Verification process.
Verification refers to assessment of performance and refinement of the capability.
Verification refers to the print or electronic source from which the citation was taken.
Verification remains current for four years.
Verification requires a hand lens . . .
Verification requires re-entry of all responses.
Verification requires that the information is keyed twice to ensure accuracy.
Verification runs in a controlled test environment and can maximize the value of simulation cycles.
Verification slows down the writing operation.
Verification takes a few minutes more.
Verification takes less than one second.
Verification takes the form of a functional configuration audit and a physical configuration audit.
Verification takes time, manpower and supervision.
Verification typically occurs at the end of each month.
Verification uses both bisimulation and trace formalisms.
Verification uses stronger analysis than MC extensions.
Verifications are available upon request after the official day of record of a given semester.
Verifications follows the narrative in each copy of the application.
Verifications occur in minutes, and the modest transaction fee includes updating the credit report.
Verifications take additional time, which affects information timeliness.
Verification often uncovers incorrect answers.
Verification usually takes from four to six weeks to process.
All verification builds on the trunk completed.
Any verification needed is done to make sure all information fields are filled out correctly.
More verification is needed.
Much verification is necessary for the loan process.
Verifies account information and processes the applicable documents.
Verifies amounts with original obligation document.
Verifies batch weights, checks feeder for obstructions, and ensures use of appropriate materials.
Verifies correct instrument operation using established procedures and quality control checks.
Verifies cost basis.
Verifies cross sectional data by photogrammetric methods.
Verifies exactness of finished spectacles.
Verifies graduate credentials to potential employers.
Verifies lab coat cleaning and hospital linen invoices.
Verifies links every two weeks.
Verifies payload data integrity.
Verifies read permissions .
Verifies records for accuracy.
Verifies reports for accuracy.
Verifies return of textbooks from all classes.
Verifies tissue specimen with surgeon, and passes off to circulator.
Verifies work in progress against equipment design drawings or specifications.
Verifies work of others.
Verified attributes are a rare breed as well.
Verified headroom supports future scalability.
Verified name headings.
Verified recruiters can only search student profiles.
A verifier is an advocate
Verifier becomes capable of detecting content model violation in eariler stage.
Verifiers can very quickly sense if there is anything different about the situation.
Verifiers match the numbers randomly selected during the game with the numbers on the cards in play.
Verifiers usually require careful positioning between the reader and the symbol.
Verify circulation is maintained to toes, make sure to cushion pads.
Verify evidence exists for the review and reconciliation of changes.
Verify fuel is in tank.
Verify plants are dry or over watered.
Verify slave is on.
Verify workstations meet requirements.
Verily man is in loss.
Verily man is indeed an ingrate.
VeriSign security is adequate for the operation for .kids.
VeriSign solutions make it easy to register and manage domain names.
VeriSign technology provides a secure transaction environment.
Veritable masterpieces abound.
Veritatis splendor provides an extended critique of what it calls teleological ethical views.
Veritcal blinds are good for large windows or doors.
Verity debates whether it's safe to get in the boat again.
Verity decides to accept the position, because it is a thrilling opportunity, even if risky.
Verity delivers more relevant data enabling users to make more informed decisions.
Verity has a complete schedule of classes available throughout North America and Europe.
Verity has a great text retrieval tool but the pictures are zilch.
Verity has both channel and direct sales reps.
Verity has to get up and get ready for work.
Verity indexes all supported file types found in the target directory.
Verity is a fast moving organization.
Verity is a guide, but even guides have problems of their own.
Verity is a leader in markets that are experiencing explosive growth.
Verity is a leader in powering business portals.
Verity is a powerful, full-featured search engine that is also easy to use.
Verity is a very head strong, driven woman.
Verity is actuality
Verity is an interesting character.
Verity is committed to providing high-quality software, service and support.
Verity is dubious but intrigued.
Verity is located at the very end of Ross Drive.
Verity is the leader in providing portal solutions around the world.
Verity is the leader in text indexing and searching technology.
Verity is the leader in the search and retrieval industry.
Verity is the recognized industry market and mindshare leader in text information retrieval.
Verity is truth.
Verity is well positioned to compete.
Verity maintains source control systems and backup systems to protect product source code.
Verity makes a plug-in that works as a file translator.
Verity means truth.
Verity offers a scalable, integrated product line.
Verity offers predefined locales for several languages.
Verity offers products that are able to meet our growing business needs.
Verity provide search tips and a documentation of the query language .
Verity provides search within the selected taxonomy for increased relevance and precision.
Verity provides the following actions.
Verity regulates consumption by having patrons come up and order themselves.
Verity travels from home to work.
Verity uses parallel brokers and servers which ensure an equal load distribution.
Verlust alles liebe und gute .
Some vermicides are poisonous to people as well as the parasites.
Vermiculite is a mineral
All vermiculite is likely to contain small or trace amounts of asbestos.
Vermilion County offers unusual rewards and challenges in the search.
Vermilion flycatchers display by flying straight up in the air while chirping steadily.
Vermilion parish is a beautiful area.
A vermilion is red
Vermilion deserves more respect.
Vermilion has some light industry, one heavy industry, and many commercial establishments.
Vermilion is a good pigment for protecting iron and steel and is therefore used in paints.
Vermilion is a regional centre for a number of provincial departments.
Vermilion is a residential college with a complete residence life program.
Vermilion is a very popular lake, dotted with private cabins and resorts.
Vermilion is Alberta's oldest community.
Vermilion is definitely a town with a difference.
Vermilion is known as a sailing town.
Vermilion is primarily a residential community located on the shores of Lake Erie.
Vermilion is surrounded by forests and an abundance of wildlife.
Vermilion is the nicest small boat harbor on the great lakes.
Vermilion is the southern gateway to Alberta's Heart of the Lakeland Tourist Zone.
Vermilion is truly a unique opportunity for many students.
Vermilion thinks that the light moves outward at the same speed in all directions.
Vermilions are colour.
Vermillion County is a long narrow county and covers many miles from one end to the other.
A vermin is a bad person
Vermin are creatures such as rats, stoats, or weasels.
Vermin are especially common in hot, humid climates.
Vermin are insects and arachnids.
Vermin are present.
Vermin are vermin, wings or no.
Vermin can be a major headache.
Vermin destroy ten times the quail and woodcock than is killed by the hunter.
Vermin have (part) arms.
Vermin have (part) body substances.
Vermin have (part) cell membranes.
Vermin have (part) cells.
Vermin have (part) corpi.
Vermin have (part) cytoplasm.
Vermin have (part) heads.
Vermin have (part) human bodies.
Vermin have (part) legs.
Vermin have (part) material bodies.
Vermin have (part) necks.
Vermin have (part) nuclei.
Vermin have (part) personality.
Vermin have (part) plasma membranes.
Vermin have (part) sections.
Vermin have (part) vacuoles.
Vermin is among the villains recruited to join the Hood 's crime syndicate.
Vermin isa individual.
Vermin isa person.
Vermin isa somebody.
Vermin isa someone.
Vermin live here.
Vermins are animals.
Vermins are pests.
Some vermin carry diseases.
A vermis is a neural structure
Vermes are greatly varied sexually.
Vermes avoids the polemic tone often adopted by scholars who make similar arguments.
Vermis is between cerebellar hemispheres.
Vermont has (part) Rutland.
Vermont is part of America.
Vermont isa thing.
Vernacular art has a specific context, away from the rarefied atmospheres of galleries and theatres.
Vernacular art is a genre
Vernacular building is the traditional and natural way by which communities house themselves.
Vernacular buildings are ones built directly from experience with other buildings.
Vernacular buildings evolve.
Vernacular buildings occur across the length and breadth of Tennessee.
Vernacular knowledge is highly respected and valued.
Vernacular names lead to scientific and literary isolationism.
Vernacular names make it difficult or impossible.
Vernacular publications are books written specifically for mother-tongue speakers.
Most vernacular websites are either online translators or dictionaries.
Vernacular equals vocabulary.
Vernacular is a speech
Vernacular presents another problem too.
Vernacular refers to the architecture of the people.
Vernal ecosystems provide important habitats for a fascinating web of life.
A vernal equinox is an equinox
Vernal equinox is the first degree of Aries and the autumnal equinox is the first degree of Libra.
Vernal keratoconjunctivitis is the correct answer.
Vernal lakes are temporary water systems created by rainwater or by snow melting in the spring.
Vernal panicles are open and produce chasmogamous flowers.
Vernal ponds are an important part of the food chain.
Vernal ponds are ponds which dry up for part of the year.
Vernal ponds dry up during the hot summer months.
Vernal ponds exist only during a wet season, such as the spring or autumn.
Vernal ponds fill with water in late winter or early spring.
Vernal ponds hold water.
Vernal ponds remain partially filled and the smaller ones are dry.
Most vernal ponds hold water.
Vernal pool is the essential breeding area such as mole salamanders and others.
Vernal pool mosquitoes, the kind that bite humans, only spawn one generation each summer.
Vernal pools are a kind of seasonal wetland.
Vernal pools are a type of marsh found only seasonally in shallow depressions in the land.
Vernal pools are a unique habitat that is at risk for several reasons.
Vernal pools are almost entirely unique to California.
Vernal pools are also home to many endangered and rare plant species.
Vernal pools are complex ecosystems that contribute to California's rich biodiversity.
Vernal pools are easily visible when ice-covered in the leafless forest.
Vernal pools are ephemeral ponds that form in the rainy season and dry up afterwards.
Vernal pools are ephemeral wetlands found primarily in the Central Valley of California.
Vernal pools are ephemeral wetlands holding water for a few months a year.
Vernal pools are famous for their amazing springtime color.
Vernal pools are hotbeds of evolution.
Vernal pools are isolated depressions with no inlet or outlet stream.
Vernal pools are little known and no distribution map is complete.
Vernal pools are often breeding grounds for frogs and other amphibians.
Vernal pools are often in areas where livestock has been grazed for many decades.
Vernal pools are one of the most threatened habitat types in the world.
Vernal pools are seasonal wetlands that fill with water during fall and winter rains.
Vernal pools are shallow depressions that fill with rainwater.
Vernal pools are small, shallow ponds characterized by lack of fish and by periods of dryness.
Vernal pools are small, temporary wetlands that typically flood and dry on an annual basis.
Vernal pools are temporary bodies of water which contain rich floral and faunal assemblages.
Vernal pools are temporary wetlands that provide important breeding habitats for many amphibians.
Vernal pools are temporary wetlands which are wet in the spring and often dry by summer.
Vernal pools are temporary, and dry up during the summer dry spells.
Vernal pools are vulnerable to development.
Vernal pools are wetlands found in inland areas, particularly in California.
Vernal pools contain water for a few months in the spring and early summer.
Vernal pools exist almost everywhere.
Vernal pools fill with water.
Vernal pools have vegetation which changes along with the shifting water levels.
Vernal pools possess elevated nutrient levels from organic matter buildup throughout the year.
Vernal pools provide a unique environment as they gradually dry up from winter to summer.
Vernal pools provide an exciting example of an observable microhabitat.
Vernal pools support a specialized ecosystem of plants, animals, and insects.
Vernal pools vary in size, ranging from several square feet to several acres.
Most vernal pools fill with water.
A vernation is an arrangement
Vernation sometimes plicate.
A vernier is a scale
Verniers control air variable capacitors.
Vernonia oil is the oil from the seed of Vernonia galamensis.
A vernonia is a herb
Vernonia galamensis a potential new crop source of epoxy acid.
Vernonia has limited possibilities as an oilseed crop for the northern continental United States.
Vernonia is another grass strip.
Vernonia is located in Columbia County Oregon.
Veronica Lake Includes biographical information, pictures, movie info and links.
A veronica is a flower
Veronica provides an index of information available in 'Gopher Space'.
Veronica wants Veronica's land and trouble is brewing.
Veronicas are bands.
Veronicas are flowers.
Verroa presence has yet to be confirmed.
Verrucous architecture is sometimes present, but the architecture is variable from case to case.
Verrucous carcinomas are exceptional, with only three well-documented cases in the literature.
Verrucous lesions are rare.
Verrucous lesions can occur on the elbows, knees and sites of trauma.
Versatile accessories solve a variety of cable management challenges.
Versatile catfish harmonizes well with all types of spices and ingredients.
Versatile collection suits all occasions.
Versatile color looks great with a blazer or suit.
Versatile design enables use in a wide variety of sampling applications.
Versatile design permits bronchoscopy through a mask.
Versatile lighting is available, including sconces that cast a warm glow on the peach-tinted walls.
Versatile magnification helps maintain steady images.
Versatile pedestal can configure for either a table standing or a wall mount installation.
Versatile style works for both boys and girls.
Versatile tool supports tire for thorough inspection.
Versatility allows certain titles more than one application.
Versatility allows programmable scan rates, measurement types, and data recording intervals.
Versatility also extends to the time of day a sweeper is used.
Versatility also means being open to the needs of employers.
Versatility aptly describes herb plants.
Versatility brings higher pay Starting wages vary.
Versatility comes from the fact that it can be changed into many other techniques.
Versatility extends beyond the flexibility of their application.
Versatility goes a long way.
Versatility goes beyond process configurations.
Versatility is a key component in the development of a successful and professional nurse.
Versatility is a key ingredient in obtaining success.
Versatility is a key.
Versatility is a natural for our bedding collection.
Versatility is a strong asset.
Versatility is a very important tool.
Versatility is also a real strong point.
Versatility is also a strength in teaching and research.
Versatility is also evident in the women's meets.
Versatility is also important.
Versatility is always a good selling point.
Versatility is an essential part of being a successful spades player.
Versatility is an important feature in system design.
Versatility is another key characteristic of a click reaction.
Versatility is another key feature of the biology program.
Versatility is another.
Versatility is big.
Versatility is broad. . .
Versatility is compromised.
Versatility is dependent upon the amount of practice.
Versatility is enhanced by offering ink and bar code reading capabilities.
Versatility is enhanced by the ability to vary the roof slope when desired.
Versatility is essential to the true leader of change.
Versatility is important because both tandems and recumbents tend to be quite expensive.
Versatility is in.
Versatility is inherent in all systems allowing expansion and custom configuration.
Versatility is job security.
Versatility is just as important.
Versatility is like that.
Versatility is nice.
Versatility is now available with one sampling unit.
Versatility is often an essential element of a successful musical career.
Versatility is one of the keys to consistent fishing success.
Versatility is one strong reason for watercolor's continued growth in popularity.
Versatility is only one of the advantages to owning slipcovered furniture.
Versatility is our byword.
Versatility is our specialty.
Versatility is plentiful in the product lines offered.
Versatility is really the key here.
Versatility is skillfulness
Versatility is synonymous with the title.
Versatility is the advantage of using sectioned bamboo poles.
Versatility is the greatest asset of containers.
Versatility is the idea from the very beginning of construction.
Versatility is the key concept with pickups.
Versatility is the key in container gardening.
Versatility is the key throughout our foundry operations.
Versatility is the key to adapting to changing conditions during the summer.
Versatility is the key to decorating small spaces.
Versatility is the key to many women.
Versatility is the key to our packaging design.
Versatility is the key to our service capability.
Versatility is the key to success in todays competitive talent industry.
Versatility is the key to success.
Versatility is the key to the group's success.
Versatility is the key.
Versatility is the main equalizer among drives.
Versatility is the miniature donkey's middle name.
Versatility is the mushroom's middle name.
Versatility is the primary qualification for the successful candidate.
Versatility is valued.
Versatility is very important in bass fishing.
Versatility is where it's at.
Versatility keeps coming up.
Versatility means protecting one's investment.
Versatility means the ability to move from one type of music or performance environment to another.
Versatility meets vitality.
Versatility requires competence in a variety of skills.
More versatility equals more complicated gear.
Verse lines are part of poems.
Verse numbers make it easier to use the Bible.
Verse paragraphs are like their prose counterparts.
Verse selections trace the evolution of epic, elegiac, and rhythmical poetry.
Verse twelve conveys the idea of sinless perfection.
Verse twelve describes the crowd with the expression, much people.
A verse is a poem
Verse isa entity.
Verses are customizable.
Verses are free from the Spanish sickness.
Verses are in a class of their own.
Verses are lines.
Verses are musical compositions.
Verses are on bricks.
Verses are part of poems.
Verses are poems.
Verses are typically equivalent to sentences.
Verses become theological hand grenades lobbed at the unbelieving opposition.
Verses begin with a traditional line, followed by an environmentally directed verse.
Verses can unlock doors, destroy bad guys, and even light the path.
Verses describe the bedtime preparations of different kinds of dinosaurs.
Verses describing the activities of various animals also illustrate the numbers one through ten.
Verses end now.
Verses Let every good fellow now join in our song.
Verses provide the family strength.
Verses read a century ago.
Verses seem to support both sides.
Verses wear slippers on their feet.
Verses work well if they all relate somehow to each other, and all to the chorus.
All verses are from the New International Version translation unless otherwise noted.
All verses have the same sequence of chords.
All verses report exterior measurements.
Any verse can have notes and links to any other verses added.
Every verse is completely color coded to one of twelve themes.
Every verse is explained.
Every verse is from the Tanakh.
Every verse is in the present tense, none of it is in the past tense.
Every verse speaks at once to the understanding, and to the heart .
Many verses appear to be in inconsistent with the practices of some modern-day denominations.
Many verses explain other verses, sometimes several sets of verses explain the same verse.
Many verses have some scientific basis.
Many verses refer to the wind.
Many verses support spiritual gifts such as, healing, tongues and the laying on of hands.
Most verses have a hypertext link to a commentary.
Some verses appear in part.
Some verses are both profound and deeply poetic.
Some verses have maps and images available too.
Some verses have one foot in the grave.
Some verses have pig's feet, crow's feet.
Some verses seem very clear while others can be interpreted to mean many things.
Version control becomes a problem across different packages, particularly as upgrades emerge.
Version control can be a problem.
Version control helps suppliers keep track of which buyer receives which version.
Version control is a process to manage multiple versions of a developing software project.
Version control is done manually.
Version control is good, including sub-version numbering for organizations that prefer it.
Version control is included within the structure.
Version control is indicated by a small document stack.
Version control is off by default when saving the startup files.
Version control is on by default when saving the startup files.
Version control is performed using a structurally and temporally fine-grained approach.
Version control is provided.
Version control is something many people have never heard of.
Version control is the management of changes to documents, software, and artifacts.
Version control is vital with more than two developers.
Version control uses the industry-standard WebDAV protocol.
Version control Wrapped up in source control, version control is equally important.
Version History Displays a brief list of changes within each version.
Version history is available here.
Version History See version history for things that have been added and fixed.
Version management becomes extremely simple.
Version management is simplified.
Version number appears in the course structure file.
Version number is added at the end of the file name.
Version number is incorrect on popup screen when software is started.
Version number is unchanged.
Version numbers allow for easy identification.
Version numbers appear in brackets after function name.
Version numbers are a form of time.
Version numbers are a marketing excerise.
Version numbers are now two digits.
Version numbers are, at best, an indication of the magnitude change.
Version numbers beginning with a null are programs still with developing in process.
Version numbers change accordingly.
Version numbers change quite frequently.
Version numbers give idempotency, and ordering of deltas across all clients' logs.
Version numbers have three numbers separated by periods.
Version numbers make it possible to use old and new protocols through the same server.
Version numbers put into agreement.
Version numbering uses negative numbers.
Version vectors are the entities used to perform versioning in the replication system.
A version is an interpretation
Version applies to software and electronic resources.
Version can create color contour graphs in addition to x-y curves.
Version Contains information about the software release version on which the device is running.
Version Follow the directions in the file.
Version Gets the internal component version number.
Version Gives the version number for the protocol being used.
Version Gives the version number of the package.
Version goes into production.
Version Holds the version of the driver.
Version includes a multiphase flows module that predicts chemical engineering process flows.
Version includes online help, interface tweaking, new rendering mode and more.
Version int grale ou extraits.
Version is a string containg the version.
Version is an optional entry.
Version is documented.
Version is now compatible with TaskMenuBar, and some bugs have been fixed.
Version is now present in masthead.
Version is out with a much improved interface.
Version is shown for applications, control panels, and extensions.
Version is the most widely used Bible text among English-speaking peoples.
Version is the official version string specified by the vendor for the particular release.
Version is the revision number of the automation object.
Version is under review.
Version isa explanation.
Version lies in the interface.
Version notes New versions contain new function and major bug fixes.
Version numbering for the registered shareware and retail versions is now in sync.
Version Prints the version number of the copy of be .
Version Pump It Up.
Version Returns the version and release number of the daemon as a string.
Version shows version information for the files.
Version Specifies the version number of the browser.
Version supports german and english.
Version texte seulement .
Version Welcome to on-line services.
Versions also are available for northern and southern Minnesota.
Versions appear in books.
Versions are also available as part of some linux distributions.
Versions are also available for teachers.
Versions are also available in large print, braille, and on audio cassette.
Versions are also availiable for the visually impaired.
Versions are available for a wide variety of computer platforms.
Versions are available for a wide variety of operating systems and computer types.
Versions are available for acute and long-term care programs.
Versions are available for all major platforms.
Versions are available for both feature films and TV commercials.
Versions are available for consumers and small business owners.
Versions are available for different platforms.
Versions are available for domestic users in the form of ice cream makers.
Versions are available for download to work with virtually every operating system and computer type.
Versions are available for French, German, Spanish.
Versions are available for Germany, Austria and Switzerland, with multilingual versions planned.
Versions are available for most computer systems.
Versions are available for most hardware and software platforms.
Versions are available for most microcomputers.
Versions are available for most platforms.
Versions are available for most popular platforms.
Versions are available for numerous pc flavors.
Versions are available for several platforms.
Versions are available for stock cars and open wheel vehicles.
Versions are available for thoroughbreds, standardbreds and greyhounds.
Versions are available for video and film applications.
Versions are available for virtually every operating system and computer.
Versions are available FREE, including instructions for installation and use.
Versions are available here.
Versions are available in both English and French.
Versions are available in deep shades of warm and cool dark inks.
Versions are available in English, French and German.
Versions are available in English, French, German, Spanish, and Italian.
Versions are available in English, German and Japanese.
Versions are available in English, German, French, Dutch, Italian and Spanish.
Versions are available in four languages.
Versions are available in magazine and newspaper formats.
Versions are available in various languages.
Versions are available matching the notation of popular textbooks in each category.
Versions are available that are compatible with nearly all hardware and operating systems.
Versions are available with and without a front door.
Versions are available with built-in regulator.
Versions are available with or without cited sources.
Versions are complete redesigns of the manuals or homepages.
Versions Are Dangerous.
Versions are interpretations.
Versions are only available by mail order.
Versions are reflections or representation of the source information.
Versions are turns.
Versions are types.
Versions are upward compatible.
Versions change and evolve with dogged constancy.
Versions contain features.
Versions contain information.
Versions contain materials.
Versions contain new features.
Versions contain relate information.
Versions contain supplementary materials.
Versions designed for children come in great variety of puzzle piece sizes.
Versions employing gas instead of liquid are also available.
Versions equate between patrons and liberty as an omlette of man.
Versions exist for a number of computers.
Versions exist for all types of computers.
Versions exist for virtually all computing hardware platforms.
Versions exist in several languages, often with significant differences.
Versions exist that identify current corporate culture and the ideal corporate culture.
Versions exist which work under various platforms.
Versions fly out of control.
Versions go by change of content.
Versions have alteration.
Versions have backgrounds.
Versions have details.
Versions help power.
Versions here are mv.
Versions include dairy products.
Versions include fat dairy products.
Versions include products.
Versions Indicates the version numbers of the affected products.
Versions is a cool site.
Versions link edit script for glibc compatibility.
Versions listed in plaintext are currently available.
Versions Lists the versions, if any, for the current file.
Versions overview The system is updated if there is a reason to do it.
Versions produced for the tourist market are often of a high standard.
Versions provide information.
Versions represent the actual appearances of objects at certain times.
Versions use default parameters.
Versions use parameters.
Versions use the format integer.integer.
Versions vary depending on canister style used.
All version are exactly the same.
All version is just okay.
All versions are acceptable for treating underactive thyroid glands.
All versions are acceptable.
All versions are almost identical.
All versions are available for immediate delivery.
All versions are available for immediate download.
All versions are available for online reference, or download.
All versions are available here.
All versions are available now for download.
All versions are available.
All versions are blue boxes constrained with a width.
All versions are capable of printing out the puzzle to solve off-line.
All versions are command-line utilities.
All versions are compatible, meaning users on different platforms can play together.
All versions are compatible.
All versions are compliant.
All versions are currently available from stock.
All versions are currently upgradable.
All versions are de-dongled.
All versions are downward compatible.
All versions are easy to use, fast, and intuitive.
All versions are free and open source.
All versions are fully functional and with no limitations.
All versions are functionally equivalent, i.e. each version can handle all executable formats.
All versions are immediately available to end users and system integrators.
All versions are in the .pdf format .
All versions are in the supplied archive.
All versions are modular and equipped for multiple users.
All versions are native ports of a common source code.
All versions are oil-tight, and suitable for dirty locations.
All versions are physically interchangeable.
All versions are self-extracting setup files.
All versions are small applications that can run with minimal system requirements.
All versions are tar.gz files, and contain the source code.
All versions are uploaded.
All versions are very similar, but show slightly different shipping in the foreground.
All versions are vulnerable on all platforms.
All versions ARE vulnerable.
All versions call for profits to be used for education, but in differing ways.
All versions can support more users with additional licenses.
All versions carry the same messages.
All Versions Click on a radio button and go to the link assigned.
All versions come with a complete user guide and help file.
All versions come with an Authoring Kit to add more texts and exercises.
All versions contain errors, whether because of translation mistakes or the use of faulty texts.
All versions contain identical information.
All versions contain the complete text and scripture references of our detailed Confession of Faith.
All versions contain the same data.
All versions contain the same information.
All versions contain the same inkle weaving instructions.
All Versions Creates scrolling text on a button.
All Versions Dial a number, go to the link.
All versions do have four message lines placed to the outermost corners of the playing area.
All versions draw the frameset.
All versions exploit all available system memory to minimize sorting time.
All versions expose the same properties, methods and events.
All versions feature a light weight muffle ring adhered to the underside of the head.
All versions feature two or three cockpits.
All versions follow the same format.
All versions generate the same equations.
All versions have a disappointing track editor.
All versions have a full client information management system.
All versions have a suction channel and are available individually or as a set.
All versions have consistent user interface.
All versions have enough room to write down high scoring matches.
All versions have equivalent data.
All versions have generous ground clearance.
All versions have one basic thing in common.
All versions have the same basic characteristics and formulas.
All versions have the same general operating features.
All versions have their pros and cons, manufacturers and contractors surveyed said.
All Versions Have two drop down link menus on the same web page.
All versions hide the procedure codes used to make life easier for the end user.
All versions offer custom accommodation.
All versions perform the same when properly installed on electric kiln.
All versions place a six character margin on the left margin for any text.
All versions predict a strong temperature increase in the upper troposphere.
All versions provide mathematically equivalent results.
All versions provide unmatched target accountability features.
All versions receive a new chip resistant primer coating.
All versions receive burled walnet trim in the interior.
All versions require a disk drive.
All versions require a printer.
All versions share a set of bookmarks which are user definable through pop-up menu or hot keys.
All versions share most customization files.
All versions showcase numerous ABS products and services, as well as reference materials.
All versions state that it was so buried.
All versions support arrow keys to move, tab to fire.
All versions use recursion to work.
All versions use the same document formats, and it's possible to share documents without conversion.
All versions work for one server only.
All versions work the same.
Any version is acceptable.
Any version is fine, but a good study Bible with notes and historical background is helpful.
Any version is used at least three times with the twelve passages.
Any version numbers higher than that are bogus.
Any versions are usually spectacular along with quintessentially girlie.
Every version creates another.
Every version features deluxe motorcoach transportation and a knowledgeable step-on guide.
Every version gets better and better.
Every version seems to get better.
Many versions also express a gentle sweetness that pairs nicely with the saltiness.
Many versions are available at most college bookstores.
Many versions are available now.
Many versions are available to suit different sizes of business and levels of expertise.
Many versions are available, all with different weight ranges.
Many versions are available, including some free ones.
Many versions are available.
Many versions ban dairy products and wholegrains, which form part of a healthy, balanced diet .
Many versions claim that the consecrated wafer is tortured as a reeanactment of the crucifixion.
Many versions come with advanced data types.
Many versions exist and are changed as family affiliations change.
Many versions exist and it is said to be one of the most popular pieces of the renaissance.
Many versions exist because they are changed as family affiliations change.
Many versions have a decidedly Eurocentric and contemporary adaptation of plot, dialogue, and theme.
Many versions have all three volumes bound into one.
Many versions have well-known holes that can be exploited.
Most versions appear in books.
Most versions are now available via the Campus Agreement .
Most versions call for Saltine brand crackers.
Most versions call for the name and address of the person filling in the form.
Most versions can do e-mail, access some web content, and even do instant messaging.
Most versions contain features.
Most versions contain information.
Most versions contain materials.
Most versions contain new features.
Most versions contain relate information.
Most versions contain supplementary materials.
Most versions display the numbers up to nine but they can also be through twelve.
Most versions have alteration.
Most versions have backgrounds.
Most versions have details.
Most versions have ten or less units left available.
Most versions help power.
Most versions offer access to only one file format, although some offer access to multiple formats.
Most versions overwrite existing characters.
Most versions provide information.
Most versions use default parameters.
Most versions use parameters.
Some versions abolish withholding.
Some versions add a red fringe, or a red bar on the fly.
Some versions add gremolata at the very end of cooking or sprinkled over the top.
Some versions allow dieters to choose between one cup of cottage cheese and one cup of tuna.
Some versions allow the viewing area to be oriented into portrait or landscape modes.
Some versions also generate commutation signals for use with dc brushless motors.
Some versions also have a rotating turret with four machine guns on top of the fuselage.
Some versions also reveal the presence of hidden wiring.
Some versions are adaptations of several versions.
Some versions are already in the works.
Some versions are also backlit.
Some versions are even like a small tent.
Some versions are expensive.
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers .
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers.
Some versions are more complete than others, some have more glitches.
Some versions are nonlinear.
Some versions are redically different and others are instrumental.
Some versions become laws.
Some versions call for fish several times a week.
Some versions call for half of a cantaloupe instead of one cup of melon.
Some versions call for one cup of beets instead of carrots.
Some versions call for snails, others for stewed squid.
Some versions call for tuna in water, and some call for artificial sweetener with the coffee or tea.
Some versions can fold up for easy storage, and are washable.
Some versions come with cream cheese, and all are delicious.
Some versions come with manacles or leg irons, but most are simply long chains which bind a victim.
Some versions contain air.
Some versions contain cores.
Some versions contain descriptions.
Some versions contain issues.
Some versions contain minor issues.
Some versions contain products.
Some versions contain scenes.
Some versions deny that there is knowable moral truth.
Some versions even crash when they are encountered.
Some versions even have a dash of gold and silver.
Some versions explain phenomena.
Some versions feature additional footage.
Some versions feature kitchens.
Some versions feature large print.
Some versions fill up an entire screen with brilliant color.
Some versions flash each time a dose is taken.
Some versions fold for easy winter storage.
Some versions give permission.
Some versions have a dampening pedal.
Some versions have a fast rate of progression, while others are slow.
Some versions have advantage.
Some versions have an extended nose.
Some versions have armor.
Some versions have cylinders.
Some versions have fiber.
Some versions have frames.
Some versions have identifiable symptoms and others try to remain invisible.
Some versions have it as , instead of .
Some versions have mechanisms.
Some versions have metal frames.
Some versions have only seven parts, other versions have ten parts.
Some versions have problems with binary transfer.
Some versions have results.
Some versions have rules.
Some versions have same mechanisms.
Some versions have sleeves, others are sleeveless.
Some versions have sugar.
Some versions have system-wide .cshrc and .login files.
Some versions have the whole command on a single input line, while others use multiple lines.
Some versions have versions.
Some versions have V-tail.
Some versions have wildly different options.
Some versions help clarify but can totally change the meaning.
Some versions indicate the kidneys are sold on the black market.
Some versions involve exchanges.
Some versions involve photon exchanges.
Some versions involve single photon exchanges.
Some versions just have too many bugs to be fun to use.
Some versions mention streets and a square as well.
Some versions project fewer colors or are less bright than others.
Some versions provide capability.
Some versions provide conveniences.
Some versions provide examples.
Some versions provide great conveniences.
Some versions report the driver as being headless.
Some versions require patches or special saving to transmit to others.
Some versions say a meal was about to be served.
Some versions shield the altar from view, except when the central doors stand open.
Some versions show death.
Some versions show differences.
Some versions state that a wall was built around the city.
Some versions support basic constraints on attributes.
Some versions support observations on exceptions.
Some versions transmit directly to the pharmacy.
Some versions use a V-blade to clear away the brush and downed stumpage ahead at the same time.
Some versions use carbon, wire or gold foil to record electrical activity.
Some versions use dried chili peppers, others just powdered cayenne pepper.
Some versions use for applications.
Some versions use for purposes.
Some versions use opengl to take advantage of graphics accelerators.
Some versions use paintbrushs.
Some versions use verse two as a refrain.
Versioned releases are necessary to leverage investments made in PC-based computing environments.
Verso listings are correct.
A verso is a page
Verso contains extensive text about Florida, Yucatan and Peru in Spanish.
Verso ends with imprimatur from Sorbonne.
Verso has red paint.
Verso hopes to resurrect a failed ideology.
Verso is blank.
Verso places the scripts and underlying algorithms into the public domain.
Verso there is a map of Lake Ontario with parts of New York State.
Versos are pages.
Versteel tables comes in racetrack, boat-shaped and rectangular styles.
Vertal suggestion is the usual method.
Vertebra isa bone.
Vertebrae consist of bones.
Vertebrae have (part) bone cells.
Vertebrae have (part) cell membranes.
Vertebrae have (part) corpi.
Vertebrae have (part) cytoplasm.
Vertebrae have (part) ground substances.
Vertebrae have (part) marrow.
Vertebrae have (part) mast cells.
Vertebrae have (part) nuclei.
Vertebrae have (part) plasma membranes.
Vertebrae have (part) sections.
Vertebrae have (part) vacuoles.
Vertebrae have delicate membranes.
Vertebrae have membranes.
Vertebrae have spines.
Vertebrae make up backbones.
Vertebrae make up spines.
Vertebrae protect cord.
Vertebrae protect delicate spinal cord.
Vertebrae protect nerve cord.
Vertebrae protect spinal cord.
Vertebras are bones.
Vertebrae are bodies in space.
Vertebrae are bones that make up the spinal column through which the spinal cord passes.
Vertebrae contain concentric pairs of opaque and translucent bands.
Vertebrae take their names from the regions of the vertebral column that they occupy.
All vertebrae are removable for individual study.
Most vertebrae have delicate membranes.
Most vertebrae have membranes.
Most vertebrae have spines.
Most vertebrae make up backbones.
Most vertebrae make up spines.
Vertebral collapse is often asymptomatic and found incidentally on x-ray.
Vertebral deformations can occur in many patients, especially older populations.
Vertebral fracture is usually the earliest clinical manifestation of severe osteoporosis.
Vertebral fractures are most common but hip fractures are most disabling and life threatening.
Vertebral fractures are most often the result of osteoporosis.
Vertebral fractures are the most common of the osteoporotic fractures.
Vertebral fractures are the most common type of osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal women.
Vertebral fractures are without a clear definition.
Vertebral fractures lead to curvature of the spine, loss of height, and pain.
Vertebral fractures lead to the common hunched-over posture of many elderly people.
Vertebral hemangiomas are benign vascular tumors that occur in the body of a vertebrae.
Vertebral hemangiomas can cause neurological symptoms if they extend into the epidural space.
Vertebral osteochondromas predominate in posterior osseous elements.
Vertebral osteomyelitis is an infection of the bones of the spine, the vertebrae.
Vertebral osteomyelitis means infection of the vertebral bones of the spinal column.
Vertebral osteomyelitis refers to an infection of the vertebral body in the spine.
Vertebral subluxation is a causative interference.
Vertebral subluxation is all that chiropractors address themselves to.
Vertebral subluxation is the centerpiece of our profession.
Vertebral subluxation reduces the function of the entire body including the educated brain.
Vertebral subluxations are a detriment to the fullest possible expression of life.
Vertebral subluxations can lead to many health problems including arthritis.
Vertebral subluxations cause interference with the nerve system's life giving functions .
Vertebral subluxations have many causes.
Vertebrate abundance is treated briefly.
Vertebrate animals adapt to habitats.
Vertebrate animals adapt to specific habitats.
Vertebrate animals adapt to terrestrial habitats.
Vertebrate animals can soil or destroy artifacts.
Vertebrate animals deserve moral concern.
Vertebrate animals have an additional way to fight viral infections.
Vertebrate animals have backbones.
Vertebrate animals have characteristics.
Vertebrate animals have common characteristics.
Vertebrate animals have feet.
Vertebrate animals produce waste.
All vertebrate animals are organized upon a common anatomical plan.
All vertebrate animals can suffer and therefore deserve to be treated humanely.
All vertebrate animals produce nitrogen waste in one form or another.
Many vertebrate animals have the same arrangements of bones in their forelimbs.
Most vertebrate animals adapt to habitats.
Most vertebrate animals adapt to specific habitats.
Most vertebrate animals adapt to terrestrial habitats.
Most vertebrate animals have backbones.
Most vertebrate animals have characteristics.
Most vertebrate animals have common characteristics.
Most vertebrate animals have feet.
Most vertebrate animals have tongues.
Most vertebrate animals produce waste.
Some vertebrate animals have beaks.
Some vertebrate animals have wings.
Some vertebrate blood has salinity.
Vertebrate bones contain marrow.
Most vertebrate bones contain marrow.
Vertebrate coprolites are common.
Vertebrate deaths are unclear.
Vertebrate development poses challenging problems in systems analysis.
Vertebrate diet decreases winter torpor use in a desert marsupial.
Vertebrate diversity tends to be lower than in plants.
Vertebrate embryos go through stages.
All vertebrate embryos look much alike.
Most vertebrate embryos go through stages.
Vertebrate evolution is illustrated with numerous drawings.
Vertebrate eyes have blind spots.
Vertebrate eyes have spots.
All vertebrate eyes are structurally similar.
Most vertebrate eyes have blind spots.
Most vertebrate eyes have spots.
All vertebrate forelimbs are the same in that they are used for the same form of locomotion.
Vertebrate fossils bear valuable information about the past.
Most vertebrate fossils are rare.
Some vertebrate fossils are very large.
Some vertebrate fossils are very small.
All vertebrate groups share fundamental similarities or homologs, pointing to a common ancestor.
Vertebrate hearts have chambers.
Most vertebrate hearts have chambers.
Vertebrate hemoglobin consists of four subunits, called polypeptide chains.
Most vertebrate herbivores are relatively general in diet.
Vertebrate hosts include reptiles.
Vertebrate immunity is dependent on both adaptive and innate immune systems.
Vertebrate infection occurs when the infected arthropod takes a blood meal.
Vertebrate kidneys carry urine.
Vertebrate kidneys remove waste.
Most vertebrate kidneys carry urine.
Most vertebrate kidneys remove waste.
Vertebrate limbs are a common example of such homologous structures.
Some vertebrate lineage has fins.
Vertebrate livers serve functions.
Vertebrate livers serve same functions.
Most vertebrate livers serve functions.
Most vertebrate livers serve same functions.
Vertebrate paleontologists focus on the fossils of vertebrate animals, including fish.
Vertebrate paleontology is an earth science
Vertebrate paleontology is concerned with extinct fishes, amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals.
Vertebrate prey makes up diets.
Most vertebrate prey makes up diets.
Most vertebrate species consist of separate male and female individuals.
Most vertebrate species have separate sexes.
Vertebrate zoology is an upper level course designed for biology and related majors.
A vertebrate is a chordate
Vertebrate isa animal.
Vertebrate isa beast.
Vertebrate isa creature.
Vertebrates also have a distinct head.
Vertebrates also have a mitochondrial creatine kinase.
Vertebrates also have adaptive immunity .
Vertebrates also have adaptive immunity.
Vertebrates also have additional odors that identify animals individually.
Vertebrates also have an internal skeleton made of bones and cartilage.
Vertebrates also pollinate some desert plants.
Vertebrates are a classification of animals that have a backbone.
Vertebrates are a subset of the animals in the phylum Chordata.
Vertebrates are able to organize a group of visual stimuli into an object, into an entity.
Vertebrates are also interesting because they are easy to find.
Vertebrates are also pests.
Vertebrates are an example of a classification group.
Vertebrates are animal species that have a backbone or spinal column.
Vertebrates are animals that have a backbone or spinal column, also called vertebrae.
Vertebrates are animals that have a backbone.
Vertebrates are animals that have backbones that surround their nerve cords.
Vertebrates are animals that have backbones.
Vertebrates are animals with backbones, such as frogs, snakes, elephants and humans.
Vertebrates are animals with backbones, such as horses.
Vertebrates are animals with backbones.
Vertebrates are animals.
Vertebrates are any animal having a backbone or spinal column.
Vertebrates are certainly the best-studied animals of which most species have been identified.
Vertebrates are chordates with a backbone that encloses a nerve cord, or spinal cord.
Vertebrates are chordates.
Vertebrates are chordates.
Vertebrates are classified as carnivores based on their skull and tooth structure.
Vertebrates are classified by the chordate subphylum vertebrata.
Vertebrates are classified into fish, amphibians, reptiles , birds, and mammals.
Vertebrates are deuterostomes.
Vertebrates are distinguished by having a backbone or spinal column.
Vertebrates are familiar creatures.
Vertebrates are found worldwide, except at the very centers of the polar ice caps.
Vertebrates are in alphabetical order by common name.
Vertebrates are known from both body fossils and trace fossils.
Vertebrates are members of of a larger group, the chordates .
Vertebrates are multicellular organisms.
Vertebrates are named for their backbone, which consists of a series of vertebrae.
Vertebrates are often larger and have more complex bodies than invertebrates.
Vertebrates are the biggest animals ever to evolve on Earth.
Vertebrates are the most advanced subphylum of the chordates.
Vertebrates are the only chordate group to exhibit a proper brain .
Vertebrates are unique in having the gills develop internally, as evaginations of the anterior gut.
Vertebrates become top predators in the seas.
Vertebrates belong to major phyla.
Vertebrates belong to phyla.
Vertebrates breathe air.
Vertebrates can and do live in all habitats actually.
Vertebrates can memorise places, insects can too.
Vertebrates change as they grow.
Vertebrates constantly remodel and maintain bone mass within defined limits.
Vertebrates consume fruit.
Vertebrates control bodies.
Vertebrates descend from ancestors.
Vertebrates descend from reptiles.
Vertebrates develop lungs.
Vertebrates develop problems.
Vertebrates display an amazing range of reproductive adaptations.
Vertebrates display characteristics.
Vertebrates display different characteristics.
Vertebrates dominate continents.
Vertebrates dominate the nekton.
Vertebrates enter fresh water.
Vertebrates enter water.
Vertebrates excrete waste.
Vertebrates exhibit a wide array of defensive behaviors.
Vertebrates exhibit all three of the chordate characteristics at some point during their lives.
Vertebrates expose to parasites.
Vertebrates feed milk.
Vertebrates feed on essentially every available source of food.
Vertebrates generally have a backbone called the spinal column.
Vertebrates grow backs.
Vertebrates grow cells.
Vertebrates grow feet.
Vertebrates grow hair.
Vertebrates grow heads.
Vertebrates grow jaws.
Vertebrates grow legs.
Vertebrates grow stomachs.
Vertebrates grow tails.
Vertebrates has-part bones.
Vertebrates has-part cartilages.
Vertebrates has-part eyes.
Vertebrates has-part glands.
Vertebrates has-part guts.
Vertebrates has-part hearts.
Vertebrates has-part limbs.
Vertebrates has-part organs.
Vertebrates has-part retinas.
Vertebrates has-part teeth.
Vertebrates has-part tissue.
Vertebrates have (part) brains.
Vertebrates have (part) breasts.
Vertebrates have (part) cell membranes.
Vertebrates have (part) cells.
Vertebrates have (part) chest cavities.
Vertebrates have (part) chests.
Vertebrates have (part) corpi.
Vertebrates have (part) cytoplasm.
Vertebrates have (part) ears.
Vertebrates have (part) faces.
Vertebrates have (part) heads.
Vertebrates have (part) nuclei.
Vertebrates have (part) pedal extremities.
Vertebrates have (part) plasma membranes.
Vertebrates have (part) rib cages.
Vertebrates have (part) sections.
Vertebrates have (part) skulls.
Vertebrates have (part) sterna.
Vertebrates have (part) vacuoles.
Vertebrates have (part) vertebrate feet.
Vertebrates have a backbone.
Vertebrates have a centralized nervous system that consists of a in the head region.
Vertebrates have a circulatory system with a heart.
Vertebrates have a closed circulatory system, and the sexes are separate.
Vertebrates have a closed circulatory system, where blood is always surrounded by blood vessels.
Vertebrates have a closed circulatory system, while arthropods have an open system.
Vertebrates have a closed circulatory system.
Vertebrates have a closed system.
Vertebrates have a complete digestive system and a large coelom.
Vertebrates have a different system, in which one neuron controls a group of muscle fibers.
Vertebrates have a second , more specific , immune system .
Vertebrates have a second, more specific, immune system.
Vertebrates have a segmented vertebral column.
Vertebrates have a similar early developmental pattern and are physiologically similar.
Vertebrates have a skeletal structure with a spinal column or backbone.
Vertebrates have a versatile support system.
Vertebrates have backbones.
Vertebrates have backbones.
Vertebrates have behavior.
Vertebrates have blood.
Vertebrates have bone cartilages.
Vertebrates have bones.
Vertebrates have bony skeletons.
Vertebrates have boundaries.
Vertebrates have brains.
Vertebrates have cartilage skeletons.
Vertebrates have cartilages.
Vertebrates have cephalization.
Vertebrates have complex bodies, which they acquire through development.
Vertebrates have complex organs requiring complex nervous structures.
Vertebrates have cord.
Vertebrates have distinct boundaries.
Vertebrates have distribution.
Vertebrates have dorsal nerve cord.
Vertebrates have embryonic skeletons.
Vertebrates have endoskeletons.
Vertebrates have eyes.
Vertebrates have genes and developmental programs for forming joints.
Vertebrates have in common an endoskeleton and a dorsally located nervous system.
Vertebrates have internal skeletons.
Vertebrates have keratin in their skin cells to reduce water loss.
Vertebrates have limbs.
Vertebrates have lungs.
Vertebrates have many bones, including a skull which protects their brains, which tend to be large.
Vertebrates have many genes in common.
Vertebrates have necks.
Vertebrates have nephrons that make up kidneys.
Vertebrates have neurons with one or more fibers.
Vertebrates have nostrils.
Vertebrates have problems.
Vertebrates have replacement teeth.
Vertebrates have several adaptations for feeding, digestion and nutrient absorption.
Vertebrates have similar behavior.
Vertebrates have skeletons.
Vertebrates have skin.
Vertebrates have spines.
Vertebrates have tails.
Vertebrates have teeth.
Vertebrates have the ability to reproduce themselves through sexual reproduction .
Vertebrates have the most defined and developed nervous system.
Vertebrates have their skeletons inside.
Vertebrates have worldwide distribution.
Vertebrates include amphibians.
Vertebrates include lizards.
Vertebrates include mammals.
Vertebrates Indicate the four principal characteristics of chordates.
Vertebrates inhabit areas.
Vertebrates inhabit same areas.
Vertebrates lack the enzyme to cleave the bonds between successive glucose monomers of cellulose.
Vertebrates live in all kinds of environments.
Vertebrates live in areas.
Vertebrates live in continents.
Vertebrates live in diverse areas.
Vertebrates live in earth.
Vertebrates live in ecosystems.
Vertebrates live in environments.
Vertebrates live in regions.
Vertebrates live in such diverse areas.
Vertebrates live on earth.
Vertebrates live on ground.
Vertebrates live on planets.
Vertebrates make up the majority of chordates.
Vertebrates mark the culmination of nervous system evolution.
Vertebrates move by application of the principles of the lever.
Vertebrates move by the actions of muscles on bones.
Vertebrates never have more than two pairs of limbs.
Vertebrates oj the i'nited Stales.
Vertebrates possess a backbone-a dorsal vertebral column enclosing a dorsal hollow nerve cord.
Vertebrates possess a closed circulatory system and most often exhibit separate sexes.
Vertebrates possess bacteria.
Vertebrates possess bodies.
Vertebrates possess bones.
Vertebrates possess ear bones.
Vertebrates possess eyes.
Vertebrates possess genes.
Vertebrates possess guts.
Vertebrates possess legs.
Vertebrates possess limbs.
Vertebrates possess middle ear bones.
Vertebrates possess neurons.
Vertebrates possess skeletons.
Vertebrates possess two types of bone.
Vertebrates provide food.
Vertebrates refer to animals which possess a backbone.
Vertebrates rely on conditions.
Vertebrates rely on constant internal conditions.
Vertebrates represent some of the most highly evolved members of the Kingdom Animalia.
Vertebrates retain traces of a feeding apparatus like that of tunicates and cephalochordates.
Vertebrates seize fish.
Vertebrates serve as the natural host.
Vertebrates share characteristics.
Vertebrates share follow characteristics.
Vertebrates share habitats.
Vertebrates share several characteristics.
Vertebrates share several similar characteristics.
Vertebrates share similar characteristics.
Vertebrates synthesize urea in the liver using the ornithine-urea cycle.
Vertebrates tend to be much more intelligent than invertebrates.
All vertebrates appear to have homeotic genes similar to the fruit fly's.
All vertebrates are heterotrophs.
All vertebrates are very similar to one another after organogenesis.
All vertebrates breathe in essentially the same manner.
All vertebrates derive from a common ancestor.
All vertebrates exhibit notochord during development.
All vertebrates have a backbone or vertebral column.
All vertebrates have a pancreas, which functions as both an exocrine and endocrine organ.
All vertebrates have a pharynx, used in both feeding and respiration.
All vertebrates have a skeleton made of bone inside their bodies.
All vertebrates have a skeleton of either bone or cartilage.
All vertebrates have an endocrine system.
All vertebrates have an inner supporting skeleton, usually of bones, including a main backbone.
All vertebrates have an internal skeleton of bone or cartilage.
All vertebrates have brains.
All vertebrates have cartilage in addition to bone, or instead of bone.
All vertebrates have four homeobox complexes, each on separate chromosomes.
All vertebrates have inner ear.
All vertebrates have rods.
All vertebrates have spinal cords.
All vertebrates have the nasal sex nerve.
All vertebrates have their evolutionary roots in fishes.
All vertebrates have to be sexually mature before they can actually reproduce .
All vertebrates have, either as an embryo or an adult, gill slits or pouches.
All vertebrates look alike during gastrulation.
All vertebrates produce interferons, and all appear to produce the three major classes.
All vertebrates satisfy the continuity criterion.
Every vertebrate has a pair of kidneys.
Every vertebrate has still higher centers of automatic adjust- ment above the medulla.
Many vertebrates rely heavily on the speed of jaw closure for prey capture.
Most vertebrates are immediately recognizable as animals.
Most vertebrates belong in the first three groups.
Most vertebrates belong to major phyla.
Most vertebrates belong to phyla.
Most vertebrates confine their movements to specific areas.
Most vertebrates descend from ancestors.
Most vertebrates descend from reptiles.
Most vertebrates develop lungs.
Most vertebrates develop problems.
Most vertebrates display characteristics.
Most vertebrates display different characteristics.
Most vertebrates enter fresh water.
Most vertebrates enter water.
Most vertebrates excrete waste.
Most vertebrates expose to parasites.
Most vertebrates feed milk.
Most vertebrates grow backs.
Most vertebrates grow cells.
Most vertebrates grow feet.
Most vertebrates grow hair.
Most vertebrates grow heads.
Most vertebrates grow jaws.
Most vertebrates grow legs.
Most vertebrates grow stomachs.
Most vertebrates grow tails.
Most vertebrates has-part bones.
Most vertebrates has-part cartilages.
Most vertebrates has-part eyes.
Most vertebrates has-part glands.
Most vertebrates has-part guts.
Most vertebrates has-part hearts.
Most vertebrates has-part limbs.
Most vertebrates has-part organs.
Most vertebrates has-part retinas.
Most vertebrates has-part teeth.
Most vertebrates has-part tissue.
Most vertebrates have a familiar life cycle.
Most vertebrates have backbones.
Most vertebrates have behavior.
Most vertebrates have blood.
Most vertebrates have bone cartilages.
Most vertebrates have bones.
Most vertebrates have bony skeletons.
Most vertebrates have boundaries.
Most vertebrates have brains.
Most vertebrates have cartilage skeletons.
Most vertebrates have cartilages.
Most vertebrates have cord.
Most vertebrates have distinct boundaries.
Most vertebrates have distribution.
Most vertebrates have embryonic skeletons.
Most vertebrates have endoskeletons.
Most vertebrates have eyes.
Most vertebrates have gall bladders.
Most vertebrates have internal skeletons.
Most vertebrates have limbs.
Most vertebrates have lungs.
Most vertebrates have necks.
Most vertebrates have ovaries .
Most vertebrates have ovaries.
Most vertebrates have problems.
Most vertebrates have replacement teeth.
Most vertebrates have similar behavior.
Most vertebrates have simple life cycles without abrupt transitions.
Most vertebrates have skeletons.
Most vertebrates have skin.
Most vertebrates have tails.
Most vertebrates have teeth.
Most vertebrates have worldwide distribution.
Most vertebrates inhabit same areas.
Most vertebrates live in areas.
Most vertebrates live in continents.
Most vertebrates live in diverse areas.
Most vertebrates live in earth.
Most vertebrates live in ecosystems.
Most vertebrates live in environments.
Most vertebrates live in regions.
Most vertebrates live in such diverse areas.
Most vertebrates live on earth.
Most vertebrates live on ground.
Most vertebrates live on planets.
Most vertebrates possess bacteria.
Most vertebrates possess bodies.
Most vertebrates possess bones.
Most vertebrates possess ear bones.
Most vertebrates possess eyes.
Most vertebrates possess genes.
Most vertebrates possess limbs.
Most vertebrates possess middle ear bones.
Most vertebrates possess skeletons.
Most vertebrates provide food.
Most vertebrates rely on conditions.
Most vertebrates rely on constant internal conditions.
Most vertebrates reproduce periodically.
Most vertebrates reproduce sexually using meiosis.
Most vertebrates seize fish.
Most vertebrates share characteristics.
Most vertebrates share follow characteristics.
Most vertebrates share several characteristics.
Most vertebrates share several similar characteristics.
Most vertebrates share similar characteristics.
Most vertebrates show more flexibility.
Most vertebrates swallow large chunks of food.
Some vertebrates also operate as pollinators of ecologically and economically important plants.
Some vertebrates appear to depend on pristine habitats such as ancient forests.
Some vertebrates are located in caves.
Some vertebrates are located in forests.
Some vertebrates become predators.
Some vertebrates build homes.
Some vertebrates can survive freezing, but no vertebrates can survive grinding.
Some vertebrates control ecosystems.
Some vertebrates control something.
Some vertebrates descend from birds.
Some vertebrates descend from something.
Some vertebrates display different patterns.
Some vertebrates eat fruit.
Some vertebrates feed on organisms.
Some vertebrates feed on tiny organisms.
Some vertebrates graze in forests.
Some vertebrates has-part fins.
Some vertebrates has-part gills.
Some vertebrates have capability.
Some vertebrates have concentration.
Some vertebrates have gills.
Some vertebrates have hearts.
Some vertebrates have notochords.
Some vertebrates have power.
Some vertebrates have reproductive systems that are sensitive to day length.
Some vertebrates have valves.
Some vertebrates live in Estonia.
Some vertebrates live in forests.
Some vertebrates live in nests.
Some vertebrates live in oceans.
Some vertebrates live in Pennsylvania.
Some vertebrates live in sea.
Some vertebrates live in trees.
Some vertebrates make tubes.
Some vertebrates occupy positions.
Some vertebrates occupy trophic positions.
Some vertebrates possess exoskeletons.
Some vertebrates possess placentas.
Some vertebrates possess something.
Some vertebrates produce milk.
Some vertebrates provide milk.
Some vertebrates rely on diffusion.
Some vertebrates retain body fluid.
Some vertebrates retain fluid.
Some vertebrates retain gills.
Some vertebrates serve as hosts.
Some vertebrates shed skin.
Some vertebrates solve constraints.
Some vertebrates solve problems.
Some vertebrates use cavities.
Some vertebrates use gills.
Every vertex cover gives a satisfying truth assignment .
Vertex normals are necessary to make an object appear to be smooth when rendered.
Vertex weighting is a technique for blending geometry based on two different modelview matrices.
A vertex is an intersection
Vertex colorings with a distance restriction.
Vertex combines bibliographic databases with electronic full-text journals.
Vertex cover heuristic algorithm and lower bound.
Vertex culling is performed independently of face culling.
Vertex do a lot of their work outside.
Vertex eliminates two or three or more components required for ignition.
Vertex is a web-based tool that centralizes project communication.
Vertex is known worldwide for their wireless communication products.
Vertex offers both lease and purchase programs.
Vertex remains a very cheap way to play the expanding middleware market.
Vertex reserves the right to cancel a class at our discretion.
Vertex rotates from transverse to either posterior or anterior position to pass the ischial spines.
Vertex seems to promise just that.
Vertex specializes in designing and engineering complex drugs using so-called parallel drug design.
Vertex transversals that dominate.
Vertex v is the vertex to be split.
Vertexs are intersections.
Vertices also provides organizations with complete inventory control.
Vertices are colored by their symmetry positions.
Vertices are now objects that can have additional properties.
Vertices are often unique.
Vertices are points in space, represented by little dots in level editors.
Vertices are points in space.
Vertices are the nodes on the graph.
Vertices correspond to collision-free configurations of the robot.
Vertices correspond to transmitter locations, and their labels to radio channels.
Vertices generate lines.
Vertices have no direction.
All vertices are connected by edges except opposite pairs .
All vertices are connected by edges except opposite pairs.
All vertices are either rigid or rigid-blended, with an even balance between the two types.
All vertices are extreme points of the input sites.
All vertices are trivalent.
Every vertex has at most one parent.
Every vertex meets exactly three vertices.
Every vertex represents an oxygen atom.
Vertic horizons are clayey, and have a hard to very hard consistency.
Vertical acceleration is known to be the most important parameter for passenger comfort.
Vertical acceleration is practiced throughout grades three through six for math and language arts.
Vertical acceleration similates gravity.
Vertical accents dominat e on the upp er lev els.
Vertical access is that level of access granted between classes in a class inheritance hierarchy.
Vertical agitation creates a hydraulic flushing action.
Vertical agitation produces a natural hydraulic cleaning action.
Vertical agitation produces high level cleanliness standards.
Vertical alignment is achieved by using an equal number of spaces from the left-hand margin.
Vertical alignment is controlled when sidewall beams are produced and bearings of beam are produced.
Vertical alignment is limited to two vertical curves with corresponding tangents.
Vertical alignment is specified by using the valign attribute.
A vertical angle is an angle
Vertical angle is something different.
Vertical angles are angles.
Vertical angles are congruent.
Vertical angles are equal on a sphere.
Vertical angles are equal to each other.
Vertical angles are non-adjacent angles formed by a pair of intersecting lines.
Vertical angles are pairs of angles formed by two intersecting lines.
Vertical angles are the same size.
Vertical angles have equal measures.
Vertical angles share only one point.
Vertical antennae are more cost-effective than radiating cable systems.
Vertical antennas are in fact quite directional, except in the horizontal or azimuth plane.
Vertical antennas are the easiest and most economical to build.
All vertical antennas suffer from another problem.
Vertical applications are available for specific fields such as investment, insurance, and medicine.
Vertical applications have the same problem.
Vertical applications offer to satisfy specific needs of a given industry.
Vertical arrows represent the transmitted differential motion vector.
Vertical arrows represent translation to from static single assignment form.
Vertical asymptotes show up as vertical white lines on the above applet.
Vertical axis depicts frequencies.
Vertical axis represents knowledge retention in percent.
Vertical axis represents time, horizontal axis represents space.
Some vertical axes represent values.
Vertical bands are common as well.
Vertical bands reflect the hidden structural support as well as provide decoration.
Vertical bands show the fixed ring structures indicated under the figure.
A vertical bank is a bank
Vertical banks decrease the amount of aquatic vegetation, which attracts geese.
Vertical banners appear in the green column on the left of every page on the site.
Vertical bars alert the reader to columns containing changes.
Vertical bars are prominent on the young only.
Vertical bars are standard deviations.
Vertical bars attach to the bottom of the frame to form teeth that break up the soil.
Vertical bars correspond to standard errors among lines.
Vertical bars indicate SEs.
Vertical bars indicate the label segments.
Vertical bars provide protection.
Vertical bars refer to the conserved cysteine residues.
Vertical bars represent confidence interval.
Vertical bars represent one standard error of the mean.
Vertical bars represent one standard error.
Vertical bars represent plus and minus one RMS error for the same time span.
Vertical bars represent plus and minus one RMS error over the same forecast verification time span.
Vertical bars represent standard errors of the means.
Vertical bars represent standard errors.
Vertical bars represent the left containing block edge.
Vertical bars represent the left edge of the floated box.
Vertical bars serve both as junction markers and as size markers.
Vertical bars show body length.
Vertical bars show length.
Vertical bars show the range of monthly totals recorded for each month of the year.
Vertical bars show the range of statistical uncertainty for each point .
Most vertical bars provide protection.
Most vertical bars show body length.
Most vertical bars show length.
Some vertical bars run along sides.
Vertical blade allows smooth, exact, square cuts.
Vertical blinds are an especially good choice for sliding glass doors or long expanses of glass.
Vertical blinds are effective when slightly opened to let in light but angled to block the view.
Vertical blinds are still the preferred choice for patio doors.
Vertical blinds are the easiest to care for and afford the most flexibility.
Vertical blinds can draw from left to right, right to left or split in the center.
Vertical blinds cover the windows.
Vertical blinds feature vertical louvers that hang from a headrail.
Vertical blinds offer a high degree of heat and light control.
Vertical carousels are an important tool to facilitate an efficient physical consolidation.
Vertical carousels improve order picking efficiency as well.
Vertical carousels make efficient use of floor space.
Vertical carousels provide an ideal work station environment.
Vertical caves are less common.
Vertical caves are safe enough for any level of cave exploring experience.
A vertical circle is a great circle
Vertical circles receive their name from the fact that they are perpendicular to the horizon.
Vertical circles rise perpendicular to the horizon.
Vertical circulation is necessary to the project.
Vertical cliffs are common.
Vertical cliffs expose the bedrock layers, dolomite capping the basal sandstone.
Vertical cliffs support jellies and other animals that can hold on tight.
Vertical columns are the number land it is.
Some vertical combs are made of wax.
Vertical commonality is also present.
Vertical commonality requires that the fortunes of the investor and the promoter be interwoven.
Vertical communication refers to getting information flowing up and down the organizational chain.
Vertical communities are simply a poor choice for resident halls with transient populations.
Some vertical components have gravity.
Vertical compression is achieved by pruning subtrees below each p-chain.
Vertical compression is the ratio between the top and bottom salaries in the civil service.
Vertical conflict can occur among partners at different levels in the channel.
Vertical connectedness is our place in time, and our connections to past and future.
Vertical control can easily include vertical curves.
Vertical control comes from the use of the balks separating grid squares .
Vertical control is achieved with the on-board heater.
Vertical coordinates are percents passing.
Vertical counters provide an efficient way to simultaneously count up to eight different items.
Vertical coverage is incomplete in unpopulated areas.
Vertical curves affect how far a driver can see obstructions in the road or other vehicles.
Vertical dams are slightly wedge-shaped so that they seal tightly in the closed position.
Vertical deadbolts are stronger that horizontal deadbolts.
Vertical design keeps the cost low, yet rugged construction affords years of reliable viewing.
Vertical design requires very little desk space.
Vertical design saves benchspace.
Vertical designs are more slenderizing than horizontal designs in prints, plaids and stripes.
Vertical development is a good indication for lift.
Vertical dials can also announce a street address or residence nameplate.
Vertical dimensions refer to how many layers of management are involved in the purchase decision.
All vertical dimensions are the same.
Vertical direction represents time and the horizontal direction represents wave length.
Vertical Directives regulate a specific commodity or industrial sector.
Vertical displacements are large.
Some vertical displacement causes tsunamis.
Some vertical displacement generates waves.
Vertical distance is genetic divergence, proportional to time.
Vertical distances are for clarity only.
All vertical dives are power off.
Vertical diversity is just as important as horizontal diversity.
Vertical dropouts are nicer.
Vertical effects are especially problematic in buildings.
Vertical elements are more active than horizontal elements.
Vertical elements streak upward and light and shadow play dramatic facade.
Vertical elevation is shown with contour lines , which join points of equal altitude.
Vertical emphasis is provided by towers, pilasters, and strips of windows with decorative spandrels.
Vertical exaggeration is extreme.
Vertical exaggeration is five times.
Vertical exaggeration is listed on figures.
Vertical exchanges enable electronic commerce within a specific industry.
Vertical exhilaration excludes the pastoral.
Vertical expansion is a primary benefit of our stacking racks.
Vertical extrusion is recommended.
Vertical eyepiece has diopter adjustment.
Vertical factor Adjust the vertical distribution of depth.
A vertical file is a file cabinet
Vertical files are convenient because they take up very little wall space.
Vertical files are files of materials that are stored in filing cabinets.
Vertical files are files.
Vertical files are one such beast.
Vertical files contain clippings from newspapers, magazines, and flyers.
Vertical fins are used mainly for stabilization.
Vertical flap conceals the buttons.
Vertical flexion is necessary for gait and speed control as well as for stopping.
Vertical flight is vertical flight, and there's a lot of commonality there.
Vertical flight offers viable solutions today.
Vertical flows prevail over horizontal flows in most sectors and for most countries.
Vertical force acting on the hammock is the weight of the person.
Vertical forces affect vertical motion.
Vertical forces are very low.
Vertical forces cause displacement.
Vertical forces cause horizontal displacement.
Most vertical forces cause displacement.
Most vertical forces cause horizontal displacement.
Some vertical forces accompany hurricanes.
Vertical gardening offers more than a space solution.
Vertical grain provides the best appearance and performance.
Vertical grey bars show body length.
Vertical grey bars show length.
Vertical grip has no mirrored control dial.
Vertical growth causes flowers and leaves to form at the top of the plant only.
Vertical growth is the last dimension to be completed.
Vertical handles are the opposite.
Vertical height is controlled by a counselor.
Vertical hotdog has big pressure difference but small aera.
Vertical images are more difficult to work with.
Vertical incision are made on either side, the connective tissue is removed.
Some vertical industries tend to be early adopters of technologies.
Vertical installations provide better protection.
Vertical installations require independent pumps and thousands of feet of connecting pipe.
Vertical integration addresses a tough marketplace.
Vertical integration can produce unfair competition.
Vertical integration has many advantages, especially when serving the enterprise market.
Vertical integration involves the passing of digital data through echelons.
Vertical integration is also something being employed by large agricultural concerns.
Vertical integration is another example.
Vertical integration is consolidation.
Vertical integration is integration
Vertical integration is kaput.
Vertical integration is no different.
Vertical integration is related to, but can exist independently from, consolidated firms.
Vertical integration is the control by a single management of two or more stages of production.
Vertical integration is tricky.
Vertical integration is where many companies are part of a large corporation.
Vertical integration links retailers to production and processing.
Vertical integration mixes freshmen and sophomores with upperclass students.
Vertical integration needs to be considered in terms of both curriculum and ex-officio members.
Vertical integration provides greater quality control, and uniform production standards.
Vertical integration refers to ownership across pricing points in a market channel.
Vertical intensity is the vertical strength of the magnetic field.
Vertical invasion is evident as a nodular lesion on a background of uneven pigmentation.
Vertical ladders are particularly dangerous.
Vertical lanes represent the genome of individual embryos.
Vertical layout represents time.
Vertical layouts are less common than horizontal ones, so they can draw more attention.
Vertical leg torqued inward now engages lower arm in spite of excess upper molar width.
Vertical lift includes individual transfer supports for each carton.
Vertical line indicates break in data series due to survey redesign.
Vertical line marks the end of late superhumps era.
Vertical line represents point at which outgo begins to exceed income.
Vertical lines add dignity and make the body look longer.
Vertical lines add movement and energy to an image.
Vertical lines are active.
Vertical lines are asyptotes.
Vertical lines are for reference only and curves are schematic.
Vertical lines are heavy, horizontal lines are light.
Vertical lines are P-E bonds and horizontal lines are hydrogen bonds.
Vertical lines are problematic in that there is no change in x .
Vertical lines are rhythm markers, horizontal lines are pitch markers.
Vertical lines are the formal lines of communication.
Vertical lines are trading signals.
Vertical lines are unstable and suggest poise and aspiration.
Vertical lines become slanted lines and horizontal lines become segments of circles.
Vertical lines can also add height and importance to patio doors and other types of windows.
Vertical lines can indicate poor nutrition, or iron deficiency.
Vertical lines communicate a feeling of loftiness and spirituality.
Vertical lines correspond to the criterion response.
Vertical lines correspond to the positions of the marker proteins during electrophoresis.
Vertical lines crossing the spectrum are emission from the night sky.
Vertical lines fail the vertical line test.
Vertical lines force the eye up and down, and consequently lend a taller, slimmer effect.
Vertical lines given in the graphs indicate the positions of termination codons.
Vertical lines go straight up and down.
Vertical lines have an infinite slope.
Vertical lines have NO slope or an undefined slope.
Vertical lines have no slope.
Vertical lines indicate causal derivation of the systems defining the value type.
Vertical lines indicate fascicle lengths at neutral head position.
Vertical lines indicate land areas.
Vertical lines indicate offspring which are listed left to right, in order of birth.
Vertical lines indicate saturation of the CCD at bright stars.
Vertical lines indicate the length of coloumn.
Vertical lines indicate time - notes on the left happen earlier than notes on the right.
Vertical lines mark annual layers.
Vertical lines mark midnight.
Vertical lines mark some interesting events.
Vertical lines measure amplitude or voltage and is measured in millivolts.
Vertical lines move up the length of the figure and lengthen it.
Vertical lines note vertical reinforcement.
Vertical lines represent children.
Vertical lines represent maximum standard error of the mean.
Vertical lines represent pairs of homologous chromosomes.
Vertical lines represent SEs.
Vertical lines represent standard error of the mean.
Vertical lines running across an image reveals incorrect tracking setting.
Vertical lines separate the various regions of the bank.
Vertical lines slim the torso and create the illusion of height.
Vertical lines suggest formality and dignity.
Vertical lines tend to always be at the same place on the scanner bed, affecting specific CCD cells.
Vertical links provide more direct connections with suppliers and clients.
Vertical links require very little silicon area.
Vertical lists are also helpful in clarifying the chronological order of steps in a process.
Vertical lists are much more appealing visually and easier to read than running text.
Vertical lockers can save space.
Vertical loops are the ideal choice when available land surface is limited.
Vertical loops require little space and result in minimal lawn damage.
Vertical markets are players in the same industry, almost always competitors.
Vertical markets are typically a range of product lines that span a given category.
Vertical markets offer huge potential for partnership and growth.
Many vertical markets can benefit from desktop conferencing.
Vertical marketing can open new doors and touch niche markets, where there maybe little competition.
Vertical marketing is very in among search engine developers.
Vertical marking occur every unit distance.
Some vertical mazes make up of trays.
All vertical members are to be eight feet.
Vertical migrations are a critical dispersal mechanism for many zooplankton.
Vertical mixers are more popular than horizontal mixers because they take less space.
Vertical mobility is movement up and down a hierarchy of stratification.
Vertical mobility means that an individual actually moves from one social class to another.
Vertical mobility refers to movement up or down a hierarchy in a stratification system.
Vertical mode controls.
Vertical models feature an inclination joint in the base.
Any vertical modulation is probably only noise.
Vertical motion is inhibited.
Vertical motions are much slower here than in the troposphere.
Vertical motions select a menu item.
Any vertical motion is the result of moving in the other two directions.
Vertical movement can occur due to rising tides.
Vertical movement is achieved with a motor-driven hydraulic system.
Vertical movements move the head closer to or farther from the feet.
Vertical movements play a part in work elsewhere, and demand slightly different analysis techniques.
Vertical movements produce normal and reverse faults.
Any vertical movement can destroy head alignment requiring head replacement.
Vertical mowers can also roughen the soil prior to overseeding areas.
Vertical mowers have rotating blades arranged vertically that can cut into turf and soil.
Vertical muscles allow strong static pressure when jaws are closed or almost closed.
Vertical networks provide elevations of stations above or below mean sea level, the geoid.
Vertical orientation is the default.
Vertical orientation protects the mirror and lens from particulates and dust.
Vertical paddles have a bounding box which is taller than it is wide.
Vertical panel lies towards top mix.
Vertical part is coaxial of rigid coaxial cable.
Vertical performance is awesome. .
Vertical photos work the best.
Vertical pianos come in various sizes.
Vertical pickup means a rope used to support the horizontal rope in catenary scaffolds.
Vertical pin is fluted midway down.
Vertical pipes create a special problem.
Vertical pits require rappelling and rope climbing skills.
Vertical planters are another stand-like option that fit nicely on patios or in backyard gardens.
Vertical pleats begin at the shoulder and extend through to the waistline.
Vertical polarisation is when the electric field is vertical.
Vertical polarization works best with boom boxes and autos.
Vertical portals connect the buyers and sellers.
Vertical portion is unheated.
Vertical position can have a positive impact on renal functioning.
Vertical position can only be input at either end of a section of track, via a dialog box.
Vertical position is used to indicate the class of the file.
Vertical positions are emphasized, no swiming experience is needed.
Vertical posts are in tension .
Vertical power can grow horizontally through true love.
Vertical presentation is great for antigravity work in prone position.
Vertical pressure induces sideways pressure.
Vertical profiles are greatly exaggerated.
Vertical projection is used because it preserves the horizontal position of the structure.
Vertical projection requires optional stand.
Vertical propulsion is through compressed air.
Vertical providers have a deep understanding of an industry.
Vertical pupils are like a cat's.
Vertical radiation is only by fiat creation.
Vertical rates have uncertainties typically two to three times larger.
Vertical rays spread over less surface than slanting rays.
Vertical readings are easier to take on the theodolite than on the transit.
Vertical reflections contrasts deep black slate with a vertical mirror.
Vertical relationships are one of hierarchy and define the command and control of the habitat.
Vertical relief is much easier to see than horizontal displacement.
Vertical resolution defines the resolution between the earth's surface and the top of the model.
Vertical resolution is halved, but c'est la vie.
Vertical resolution is measured with horizontal lines.
Vertical resolution is poor.
Vertical resolution is programmable and can vary within the video field.
Vertical resolution is the number of horizontal scan lines that make up a picture.
Vertical response is inherently very good.
Vertical restraints are very important between retailers and manufacturers.
Vertical ridges are motion artifacts.
Vertical rise is the elevation change during the hike.
Vertical risers carry the cabling to each floor, where splitters allow runs to each wallplate.
Vertical rudder controls.
Vertical ruffles run along each side of the button closure through the bodice.
Vertical rules are simply really fat, really short horizontal rules.
Vertical scale is counts and horizontal scale is time.
Vertical scale is enlarged.
Vertical scale is greatly exaggerated.
Vertical scale is in kilometers.
Vertical scale is in seconds of two-way traveltime.
Vertical scale is in two-way traveltime.
Vertical scale is one meter per pixel.
Vertical scales are approximate.
Vertical scales ca.
Vertical scales measure current, horizontal distance in microns.
Vertical scars attest that the larva survived into the second year.
Vertical scenes depict strength, vigor and power.
Vertical seams give an illusion of length.
A vertical section is a mechanical drawing
Vertical sections have an inherent failure rate.
Vertical segments can work, too.
Vertical segments indicate vertical flight paths.
Vertical separations turn the painting into a kind of triptych.
Vertical separators are available to provide conductor segregation.
Vertical separators keep bottles upright and click to baskets for extra strength.
Vertical settlement takes place on the horizontal foundation.
Vertical shafts can be several hundreds of feet deep.
Vertical shafts lead to the deeper corridors, which connect the actual living quarters.
Vertical shapes are more exciting and more active.
Vertical shear is the variation of horizontal wind in the vertical direction.
Vertical shoots are apt to maintain vegetative growth at the expense of fruit production.
Vertical shots are easy.
Vertical shots are sometimes the perfect choice.
Vertical sides allow cattle to move into chute easily and stand in a relaxed, natural position.
Vertical sides have double wire.
Vertical siding makes the house look taller than it is.
All vertical signs are available in left and right versions.
Vertical size controls the height of the display area.
Vertical size depends on vertical frequency and can be adjusted manually.
Vertical size is usually a user adjustment.
Vertical slabs are the most widely used and practical design for sign footers.
Vertical slant indicates objectivity and a strong sense of logic.
Vertical slices expand vertically.
Vertical slices grow or shrink vertically.
Some vertical slits are covered by flaps.
Vertical solutions address more business problems than general accounting applications.
Vertical space is more important than floor space, though, so a tall cage is best.
Vertical space is scarce, too.
Vertical space is very important for cats and contributes to a feeling of larger territory.
Vertical spillovers are also of interest to policy makers.
Vertical spits make loading and unloading hassle-free.
Vertical spreads require two commissions to open the portion and two commissions to close it.
Vertical spring loaded casters offer a high flexibility in design to meet the specified application.
Vertical stackers make it easy to visually check quality on both sides of the truss.
Vertical standards apply solely to one industry.
Vertical stem grows as individual little trees.
Vertical stem is the same length and thickness as the plus vertical strokes.
Vertical storage ends hunting through piles of files.
Vertical storage saves space.
Vertical stratification defines layering of different plant species in the forest canopy.
Vertical streaks appear.
Vertical streaks are defects in the image caused by bright stars.
Vertical striations are visible from the brush application of the moderately thick white ground.
Vertical strip drains to increase storage capacity of confined dredged material disposal facilities.
Vertical strips enhance the height of the room.
Vertical stripes break up spaces as well.
Vertical stripes can also enhance elongation when teamed with a cardigan or jacket.
Vertical stripes can break up long narrow spaces and make corridors appear wider.
Vertical stripes keep nation from looking fat.
Vertical structure is described as layers in a natural community.
Vertical structure is most obvious in a forest.
Vertical structures lead to imbalances in distribution of income.
Vertical study is to study the history according to the development of history.
A vertical surface is a surface
Vertical surface is at center of mount.
Vertical surfaces collect dirt much slower than horizontal surfaces.
Vertical teams are content specific.
Vertical teamwork is between top management and lower-level employees.
Vertical text is harder to read so make it large and simple enough to read when rotated.
Vertical text layout Contour cut Automatic presentation template.
All vertical text is reformatted horizontally.
Vertical thinkers navigate well when the ship is on an even keel.
Vertical training is to ensure the safety of the caver, as well as the safety of the cave.
Vertical transmission is also unusual.
Vertical transmission is identified as a key route to host specialization on effective symbionts.
Vertical transmission occurs from infected breeders to chicks.
Vertical transmission occurs from mother to child during pregnancy or birth.
Vertical transport is driven by molecular and eddy diffusion.
Vertical tubes are blue.
All vertical twins suffer from it, and the bigger the engine, the more pronounced the vibration.
Vertical units are in degrees.
Vertical vegetables allow gardeners with disabilities to tend and pick from a chair or garden seat.
Vertical velocities reach their maxima when the still water crossings occur.
Vertical velocity is the speed at which the air is rising or sinking.
Vertical velocity is well correlated with temperature, resulting in a vertical heat flux.
Vertical walls plunge to great depths, with clear water and abundant fish life.
Vertical walls represent unique biological communities.
Vertical water mill- a traditional water powered mill, driven by a vertical water wheel.
Vertical wheel supports with copper topped accents.
Vertical winds are generally more gentle than horizontal winds.
Vertical windlasses are versatile, as the rode can be led from any direction.
A vertical is an orientation
Verticals are alert and strong.
Verticals are correct in the right place i.e. up hill or around a curve to help balance.
Verticals are gates and fences which appear solid.
Verticals are orientations.
Verticals are perfect for patio doors and help create added privacy.
Verticals are quickly droppin'.
Verticals are relative locations.
Verticals get really far down into their subjects.
Verticals provide maximum space utilization in facilities where floor space minimal and expensive.
Verticality is a position
Verticality is determined by a gravity vector running down the center of the body.
Verticality is in.
Verticality is positions.
Verticality varies in form and intensity with elevation, aridity, topography, and other conditions.
Verticillium wilt can be a problem, especially in sites with compacted soil.
Verticillium wilt causes dieback and death of individual branches or the entire tree.
Verticillium wilt causes leaf drying and poor flowering.
Verticillium wilt is caused by a soil-borne fungus that enters through the roots.
Verticillium wilt is caused by a soil-borne fungus.
Verticillium wilt is common on trees, shrubs, vegetables and fruits.
Verticillium wilt is less lethal.
Verticillium wilt kills individual branches or sometimes entire sections of the tree.
Verticillium wilt makes older leaves near the bottom of the plant wilt, yellow, dry and drop off.
VERTiGO DESiGNS can create a useful Internet site.
A vertigo is a symptom
Vertigo associated with anxiety usually responds to a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor.
Vertigo praise it alone Stays.
Vertigo sets in, accompanied by the impairment of senses.
Vertigo starts with a deficiency in the inner ear vestibular apparatus.
Vertigos are publishers.
Vertigo often times leads to falls which can in turn lead to hip fractures .
Vertisol soil is found in grasslands in seasonally dry seasons.
Vervain root is small and long.
A vervain is a flower
Vervain can help to settle and find compusure.
Vervain is an essence that can help dogs relax.
Vervain is an excellent nerve soother particularly if anxiety and mild depression are symptoms.
Vervain is known to affect the parasympathetic nervous system and stimulate uterine activity.
Vervain is used for cleansing incenses and baths.
Verve is another of the original classic-jazz record labels that has kept the faith.
Verve is bands.
Verve is energy
Verve is now uniquely positioned to proliferate online gaming in Asia.
Verve produces clean, concept-driven work in which messages are conveyed with wit and clarity.
Verve provide their clients with guidelines to manage their corporate identity.
A vervet monkey is a monkey
Vervet monkeys eat fruit of various kinds, foraging on patchily distributed supplies.
All vervet monkeys use the same set of warning cries.
A vervet is a monkey
Vervets are active agents in the forest seed dispersal.
Vervets are guenons.
Vervets have a varied social organization.
Vervets have complex social relationships with each other.
Vervets make different alarm calls for different predators, demanding different responses.
Vervets react to each alarm differently, depending on the threat.
Very tiny seeds look like grain.
Vesica isa body part.
Vesicas have (part) corpi.
Vesical calculi are now endemic whereas renal calculi are ubiquitous.
A vesicant is a chemical agent
Vesicants are highly active corrosive materials even at extremely low concentration .
Vesicle fluid Collect the fluid from several fresh vesicles.
A vesicle is a sac
Vesicle fuses with plasma membrane.
Vesicle isa body part.
Vesicle migrates to plasma membrane.
Vesicles accumulate at the fusion septum at which time it begins to dissolve.
Vesicles also appear on the coronary band, at the heel and in the interdigital space.
Vesicles also appear on the feet, especially in the clefts and on the coronet.
Vesicles also appear on the teats.
Vesicles also occur around the coronary band causing lameness.
Vesicles appear at the tips of lateral cell walls where branching occurs.
Vesicles appear in white patches on the tongue, throat, and palate.
Vesicles appear inside the mouth on the tongue, cheeks and gums, lips and palate.
Vesicles appear most often on the vermilion border and are painful.
Vesicles are a good model for biomembrane studies and can be used as drug delivery vehicles.
Vesicles are a small fluid filled sac in the cytoplasm, surrounded by a membrane.
Vesicles are chambers of gas that get trapped in a rock while it is cooling.
Vesicles are common in the mouth and other mucous membranes, including the conjunctiva.
Vesicles are common sign of acute dermatitis.
Vesicles are common, particularly on the palms and soles of infants.
Vesicles are evidence that the basaltic lava had plenty of gas.
Vesicles are gas bubbles in magma or lava.
Vesicles are gas bubbles in volcanic lava or rock.
Vesicles are larger in the center of the lobule.
Vesicles are likely to appear and weep if they burst.
Vesicles are membrane structures that enclose an internal aqueous space.
Vesicles are more numerous in the presynaptic junction than in the postsynaptic junction.
Vesicles are more than a watery soup surrounded by a membrane.
Vesicles are noticeable at apical and basal cell poles.
Vesicles are of the order of one micron in diameter.
Vesicles are organelles that transport substances from one area of a cell to another area of a cell.
Vesicles are quasi-spherical shells formed from lipid bilayers.
Vesicles are rare, and then only sporadically distributed.
Vesicles are recognized and transported along the microtubule.
Vesicles are sacs.
Vesicles are site of neurotransmitter storage and release into synaptic cleft.
Vesicles are skin diseases.
Vesicles are swelling.
Vesicles are the basic manifestations of the disease.
Vesicles are the shipping containers within cells.
Vesicles are usually chain-forming.
Vesicles can also fuse with other organelles within the cell .
Vesicles can also fuse with other organelles within the cell.
Vesicles can develop within a day after the first signs are observed.
Vesicles can fuse with the plasma membrane , and release their contents outside the cell .
Vesicles can fuse with the plasma membrane, and release their contents outside the cell.
Vesicles can often be small and difficult to find.
Vesicles carry enzymes to modify and sort proteins.
Vesicles contain amorphous materials.
Vesicles contain materials.
Vesicles fill with fluid.
Vesicles fill with toxins.
Vesicles form along the top of the foot, on the heels and between the claws.
Vesicles form around the top of the foot and between the claws.
Vesicles form naturally because of the properties of lipid membranes .
Vesicles form naturally because of the properties of lipid membranes.
Vesicles have (part) corpi.
Vesicles have barbs.
Vesicles provide a mechanism to rejuvenate or remodel the plasma membrane.
Vesicles rupture quickly leaving raw ulcers which heal gradually over two to three weeks.
Vesicles seem to be transporters of amorphores matrix materials.
Vesicles tend to be intercellular, and usually located in the cortex.
Vesicles tend to stain darker than arbuscules or intraradical hyphae when present.
Vesicles typically occur in clusters, ulcer base contains multinucleated cells.
Vesicles often appear initially on the face or trunk.
Many vesicles are present on the fingers.
Most vesicles contain amorphous materials.
Most vesicles contain materials.
Most vesicles fill with fluid.
Most vesicles fill with toxins.
Most vesicles have barbs.
Some vesicles are out of focus.
Some vesicles carry chemicals.
Some vesicles carry proteins.
Some vesicles consist of glands.
Some vesicles consist of venom glands.
Some vesicles contain bacteria.
Some vesicles contain enzymes.
Some vesicles contain food.
Some vesicles contain lysosomes.
Some vesicles contain membrane proteins.
Some vesicles contain potassium.
Some vesicles contain proteins.
Some vesicles contain substances.
Some vesicles fuse with cell membranes.
Some vesicles fuse with membranes.
Some vesicles fuse with neuron cell membranes.
Some vesicles fuse with vesicles.
Some vesicles fuse with walls.
Some vesicles produce fluid.
Some vesicles produce sticky fluid.
Some vesicles store the products for later use.
Vesicoureteral reflux is a common occurrence.
Vesicoureteral reflux is common.
Vesicoureteral reflux is one of the more common anomalies.
Vesicoureteral reflux is reflux
Vesicoureteral reflux is reflux.
Vesicoureteral reflux is the most common abnormality associated with complete ureteral duplication.
Vesicular basalt is basalt with holes, formed by gas bubbles in the molten lava.
Vesicular breath sounds are low pitched and normally heard over most lung fields.
Vesicular breath sounds in all lung fields.
Vesicular breath sounds throughout peripheral lung fields.
Vesicular breathing sounds result from air filling the alveolar sacs.
Vesicular copies reverse the polarity of the original, so they have positive-appearing images.
Vesicular diseases are of particular concern.
Vesicular eruptions form upon the back and chest with blue contents, with severe pain.
Vesicular film is made of diazo emulsion sandwiched between two polyester base layers.
Vesicular film is much less likely to scratch or break and is less sensitive to humidity.
Vesicular films are commonly blue or beige.
Vesicular lesions are rare in humans.
Vesicular lesions can also occur on the teats of lactating animals and the snouts of affected swine.
Vesicular shards are also present where vesiculating magma was quenched by water or steam.
A vesicular stomatitis is a stomatitis
Vesicular stomatitis can also effect the feet, causing severe inflammation at the coronet.
Vesicular stomatitis is a viral disease primarily affecting horses and cattle.
Vesicular stomatitis is a viral disease that can affect horses, swine, cattle, and other ruminants.
Vesicular stomatitis is a viral disease that primarily affects horses, cattle and swine.
Vesicular stomatitis is recognized internationally as a reportable disease.
Vesicular stomatitis is zoonotic, meaning that humans are susceptible to the virus as well.
Vesicular varieties vary widely, and grade completely into scoria.
Vesiculobullous lesions develop within preexisting macules, papules, or wheals.
Vesper is a service
Vesper is bells.
Vesper is services.
Vesper isa activity.
Vespers also has a strong connection with the Holy Eucharist.
Vespers are over.
Vespers begins in hymn on f.
Vespers follow the Catholic calendar.
Vespers starts an hour before sunset.
All Vespers are free and open to the public.
A vespertilionid is a microbat
Vespertilionids send out ultrasonic sounds through their mouths.
Vespid wasps bear several harmless mimics including moths, beetles and hoverflies.
A vespid is a wasp
Vespids are generally more aggressive and sting to obtain food.
VESS volunteers are also eligible to request student loan deferments during their year of service.
Vessel documentation is a national form of registration with the United States Coast Guard.
Vessel documentation is a national form of registration.
Vessel elements are aligned end to end within the xylem.
Vessel elements are highly specialized cells.
Vessel elements are joined into long continuous columns to form vessels or pores.
Vessel elements are lager in diameter than tracheids and are an adaptation of flowering plants.
Vessel elements are larger diameter water conducting cells.
Vessel elements are shorter, much wider, and lack end plates.
Vessel elements are wider, shorter, thinner-walled, and less tapered than tracheids.
Vessel elements differentiate from cells of the procambium.
Vessel elements have a larger diameter than tracheids.
Vessel elements have pits along their sides just like tracheids.
Vessel walls have complex structures.
Vessel walls have fine structures.
Vessel walls have structures.
Most vessel walls have complex structures.
Most vessel walls have fine structures.
Most vessel walls have structures.
A vessel is a craft
Vessel comes with bilge pumps, head, spotlight, interior cushions, fenders and dock lines.
Vessel gain Depth toward goat until most irwin magnetic systems once anger down the nerve.
Vessel isa container.
Vessel permits and numbers .
Vessel permits and numbers.
Vessel permits are paper documents similar to a certificate, rather than a plastic card.
Vessel permits for party and charter boats.
Vessel runs out of fuel in Cuban waters and drifts ashore.
Vessel shows beautifully.
Vessel supports and legs.
Vessels allow rapid water movement, but can easily get blocked by air bubbles.
Vessels are able to be at sea for months.
Vessels are able to bunker directly from installations in main harbors.
Vessels are able to enter the caves.
Vessels are also present.
Vessels are also thick-walled, dead, hollow cells, but lack end walls.
Vessels are among our earliest and most basic companion objects.
Vessels are available for charter to private parties.
Vessels are boats.
Vessels are capable of bottle water.
Vessels are containers.
Vessels are crafts.
Vessels are customarily chartered on an hourly basis.
Vessels are generally smooth, finished in red monochrome slip, often with plain tabular lugs.
Vessels are individually handcrafted and available in various styles, colors, and glazes.
Vessels are large and shopping is available on board.
Vessels are located in bodies.
Vessels are located in harbors.
Vessels are located in homes.
Vessels are located in human bodies.
Vessels are located in oceans.
Vessels are located in ports.
Vessels are located in sea.
Vessels are located in streets.
Vessels are manual wheelchair accessible on the main deck.
Vessels are more than just echoes on screens.
Vessels are part of bodies.
Vessels are patent.
Vessels are prominent as long brown lines on side grain producing an attractive figure.
Vessels are prominent throughout the lesion but are most abundant in the fibrous scar.
Vessels are the greenest form of transportation.
Vessels are the most numerous and varied types of ceramics.
Vessels are tube-like cells that conduct water through perforations in their end walls.
Vessels are tubes.
Vessels are used for floats.
Vessels are used for movings.
Vessels are used for piloting.
Vessels are used for shipping.
Vessels are watercrafts.
Vessels are wheelchair accessible.
Vessels are wider and better at conducting water than the tracheids.
Vessels arrive and depart twice a day - determined by the tide.
Vessels become overloaded and rise close to the surface.
Vessels become thickened.
Vessels believes that house was moved to the site and connected to the main house.
Vessels believes the cellar was used primarily for storage and work space.
Vessels belonging to religious or missionary societies are also exempt.
Vessels bring in petroleum, iron and steel, chemicals, and corn.
Vessels calling Djibouti port can enter the harbor day and night time to all the berths available.
Vessels can also gain a bridge opening by using a horn.
Vessels can determine location by taking bearings from several different signals.
Vessels can fish any or all nonexclusive areas.
Vessels can register at the Navigation District where the facility is operated and maintained.
Vessels can run under a tissue from one point of view or over a tissue from another point of view.
Vessels can switch to different products with little preparation.
Vessels carry blood.
Vessels carry blood.
Vessels carry oxygen.
Vessels carry passengers and freight along coastal islands.
Vessels carry water.
Vessels collect fluid.
Vessels conduct heat.
Vessels conduct water in the xylem.
Vessels consist of layers.
Vessels consist of tortuous arteries and veins.
Vessels constrict inside the chamber and an overdose of oxygen can damage the lungs.
Vessels contain fluid.
Vessels contain lymphatic fluid.
Vessels containing liquid nitrogen can condense oxygen from air.
Vessels crossing fairway give way.
Vessels dock starboard side to.
Vessels don t improve, they just contain.
Vessels drawing eighteen feet can come across the bar at high water.
Vessels drawing over ten feet have sometimes a difficulty in getting in and out.
Vessels enable plants to cope with drought.
Vessels entering Victorian ports are potential sources of marine pests.
Vessels essentially surround the follicle and are filled with red blood cells.
Vessels extend to mid lung, tapering gradually.
Vessels feature indoor and outdoor seating, a full bar and room for bikes.
Vessels fish in the Bering Sea, Gulf of Alaska, and off the coasts of Washington and Oregon.
Vessels has the good fortune of leaving on a high note.
Vessels have (part) brims.
Vessels have (part) sections.
Vessels have all inclusive meals, and some are licenced.
Vessels have capillaries.
Vessels have effects.
Vessels have engines.
Vessels have fewer fittings and potential failure points than other industry designs.
Vessels have perivascular accumulation of lymphocytes, macrophages, plasma cells.
Vessels have prominant walls, and interstitial endocrine cells are more obvious.
Vessels have protective effects.
Vessels have swollen endothelium.
Vessels made of stoneware, wood, plastic, fiberglass, or glass are suitable.
Vessels move blood.
Vessels moving between the Caribbean and Europe make a transatlantic crossing of at least a week.
Vessels normally drift for several days near the time series site.
Vessels occur later.
Vessels pass deep to ligament.
Vessels pump blood.
Vessels remain at sea until the port authorities here allow their return.
Vessels show the same types of differentiation in wall thickening that are found in tracheids.
Vessels stand on shelves around the athenor for heating at different temperature gradients.
Vessels supply heart muscles.
Vessels supply hearts.
Vessels supply muscles.
Vessels supplying the nephron are afferent arterioles.
Vessels supplying the recreational fishery with live-bait are exempt.
Vessels tend to be constructed of aluminum alloy.
Vessels therefore run aground even under pilot assistance.
Vessels thrown on a wheel have the potential to be more symmetrical than if handmade.
Vessels traveling in a predictable manner are less disturbing to marine wildlife.
Vessels use in production.
Vessels often illustrate legends and stories.
Vessels usually solitary and in radial multiples.
All vessels are about the same size and arranged evenly throughout the growth increment.
All vessels are available for general charter as well.
All vessels are copper jacketed, except for the stainless steel hopback.
All vessels are free to pass through the border wilderness area.
All vessels are home ported in Honolulu, Hawaii.
All vessels are subject to rafting during peak occupancy levels.
All vessels are well equipped with first aid kits and oxygen therapy equipment.
All vessels carry the above.
All vessels create waves, or a wake, as they pass through water.
All vessels have a galley serving snacks and beverages.
All vessels have comfortable saloons and sun decks.
All vessels have nerves to control their caliber.
All vessels have non-smoking heated cabins , full size restrooms and spacious fishing decks .
All vessels leave the Yacht Basin to proceed to designated rendezvous area.
All vessels participate.
All vessels plunge over the rolled rim.
All vessels require different degrees of protection from the elements.
All vessels undergo safety inspections prior to departure to ensure they are ready for the transit.
Any vessel operating under both sail and power is classified as a motorboat.
Many vessels found around the world represent life in that many hold food and other resources.
Many vessels founder when caught in weather that exceeded their capabilities.
Many vessels have more than one owner.
Many vessels start taking on water at sea due to failed valves, packing glands or hull leaks.
Most vessels are open for charter.
Most vessels are owner operated.
Most vessels are rather small or the range is limited.
Most vessels are wheel-made.
Most vessels can cross in under six days.
Most vessels carry blood.
Most vessels carry oxygen.
Most vessels carry water.
Most vessels cause suction from their propellers and create stern wakes.
Most vessels collect fluid.
Most vessels conduct heat.
Most vessels consist of layers.
Most vessels contain fluid.
Most vessels contain lymphatic fluid.
Most vessels have audiovisual equipment, and many have fax, email, or other special services.
Most vessels have cabins as well and all vessels offer meal service - usually cafeteria style.
Most vessels have capillaries.
Most vessels have effects.
Most vessels have engines.
Most vessels have protective effects.
Most vessels move blood.
Most vessels pump blood.
Most vessels supply heart muscles.
Most vessels supply hearts.
Most vessels supply muscles.
Most vessels transport both cargo and passengers, making frequent stops to load and unload.
Most vessels use an automatic pilot.
Most vessels use in production.
Most vessels use seawater to remove heat from vessel systems.
Some vessels affect blood pressure.
Some vessels affect pressure.
Some vessels are caused by pressure.
Some vessels are made of metal.
Some vessels are near skin surfaces.
Some vessels are near surfaces.
Some vessels are trim speedboats.
Some vessels become blood.
Some vessels bring blood.
Some vessels carry calcium.
Some vessels carry development.
Some vessels carry gasoline.
Some vessels carry lymph.
Some vessels carry nicotine.
Some vessels carry nourishment.
Some vessels carry nutrients.
Some vessels carry products.
Some vessels cause blockage.
Some vessels cause damage.
Some vessels cause renal damage.
Some vessels collect water.
Some vessels connect arteries.
Some vessels consist of tubes.
Some vessels contain blood.
Some vessels contain fibrin thrombi.
Some vessels contain holy water.
Some vessels contain roots.
Some vessels contain salt water.
Some vessels contain water.
Some vessels deliver blood.
Some vessels enter channels.
Some vessels feature cafeterias, others full restaurants with breathtaking views.
Some vessels fill with red wax.
Some vessels fill with wax.
Some vessels form scars.
Some vessels have a high protruding endothelium, e.g., fetal stem arteries.
Some vessels have a masseuse, some have a sauna and some have elaborate spa facilities.
Some vessels have a small video game arcade, card room, reading room and toddler play area.
Some vessels have air conditioning.
Some vessels have displacement.
Some vessels have inadequate generators or run on low-voltage systems.
Some vessels have more than one owner.
Some vessels have more underway time than others and vessels make frequent stops at port worldwide.
Some vessels have oil.
Some vessels have patently too few toilets for the number of people on board.
Some vessels have smaller engines that help move the ship from side to side.
Some vessels have sound systems to enable passengers to hear the whales sing.
Some vessels have thick strap handles and rim bands or collars.
Some vessels have walls.
Some vessels have water-makers.
Some vessels lead to damage.
Some vessels look like books.
Some vessels now use ice at sea, and fish is often transported on ice.
Some vessels pass through canals.
Some vessels pass through central canals.
Some vessels pass through cord.
Some vessels pass through umbilical cord.
Some vessels regulate nutrition.
Some vessels remain in services.
Some vessels show blockage.
Some vessels sit on tops.
Some vessels suffer damage.
Some vessels suffer severe damage.
Some vessels supply arms.
Some vessels supply brain structures.
Some vessels supply intestine walls.
Some vessels supply structures.
Some vessels supply walls.
Some vessels support horny sheaths.
Some vessels support sheaths.
Some vessels support thin sheaths.
Some vessels surround pancreases.
Some vessels surround renal tubules.
Some vessels surround tubules.
Some vessels transport excess fluid.
Some vessels transport intestinal fluid.
Some vessels work in conjunction with aircraft used to spot fish.
Vest zippers are notorious for snagging fine tippet material.
A vest is a garment
VEST really is a compiler, albeit a rather strange one.
Vests are also available in Custom sizes at no extra charge.
Vests are always in style and classy, either in very dark tones, striped or patterned.
Vests are available in a ton of colors.
Vests are concealable and come with some side protection and trauma plate.
Vests are garments.
Vests are great.
Vests are popular.
Vests are tops.
Vests are versatile pieces that can be worn to work or as weekend wear.
Vests are very warm and uncomfortable on hot days.
Vests is made from soft single-jersey, interlock and rib fabric.
Vests make an excellent look changer, especially denim, which meshes perfectly with blue chambray.
Vests Visit here for a small selection of brand name vests.
Vests Welcome to our shop.
Vests work great in encapsulated suits.
Vests usually have a slide strap to adjust it to their waistline.
All vests come with piping down front and arm holes or plain.
All vests have neutral gray trim.
Most vests are adjustable by a slide strap in the back.
Some vests have unusual fabric treatments, both front and back.
Vested interest is interest
Vested interest is interest.
Vested interest succeeds vested interest in determining the succession.
Vested interests are ready to funnel lots of money to selected campaigns.
Vested interests are still ahead in the queue.
Vested interests are sure to be encountered where brutalities are antagonized.
Vested interests change from one social location to another.
Vested interests crop up in shaping the teaching in schools.
Vested interests develop very rapidly.
Vested interests fight change.
Vested interests have the repugnant habit of defending all members against criticism and punishment.
Vested interests lurk behind so much here.
Vested interests rule.
Vested interests turn a blind eye to such absolute right, and a nation can be wiped out.
Vested members have the option to receive a monthly lifetime annuity.
All vested members are eligible for a pension benefit.
Vested priests serve the temple and intone chants for feline souls.
Vested rights are interests that are protected from legislative interference.
Vested rights are obviously important for owners and operators of vested, nonconforming operations.
Vested teachers do have the option of sticking with the current system.
Vested waiters arrive with yet another treat from the kitchen.
Vested waiters glide about the tables, serving salmon and salad and rolls.
Vestibular branches are concerned with the sense of balance.
Vestibular deficits are also common, especially in the oblique variety.
Vestibular disorders affect one-fourth of the general population and half of the elderly.
Vestibular disorders produce varying degrees of loss of equilibrium, causing imbalance and ataxia.
Vestibular dysfunction can appear early in human life.
Vestibular dysfunction is a feature of certain developmental disabilities.
Vestibular efferents are neurons in the brainstem that project to the ear.
Vestibular motion stimulates brain chemistry.
Vestibular neurectomy eliminates attacks of vertigo in many patients.
Vestibular neurectomy relieves the vertigo and usually preserves the hearing.
Vestibular neuritis is the medical term for dizziness caused by a virus.
Vestibular nystagmus is a rhythmic movement of the eyes.
Vestibular receptors lie within the temporal bone.
Vestibular rehabilitation is a clinical service offered in the main clinic area of the department.
Vestibular rehabilitation reduces functional disability.
Vestibular sensation is carried by the vestibular portion of eighth nerve.
A vestibular sense is proprioception
Vestibular sense provides information related to movement and head position.
Vestibular stimulation comes in through the semicircular canals of the inner ear.
Vestibular tests are tests of function.
Vestibular testing can document profound bilateral vestibular loss.
Vestibular therapy accelerates the compensation process.
Vestibular therapy involves moving the person around passively.
Vestibular vertigo is more pronounced with head movements in more than one plane.
A vestibule is a room
Vestibules are parabronchial outpushings into which air-capillaries open.
Vestibules are small enclosed, areas located at a doorway that serve many purposes.
Vestibules have their own poles for support.
Vestigal structures appear to be useless but apparently had some ancestral function.
A vestige is an indication
Vestiges remain of the Roman town, including tombs, funerary stela and medals.
Vestigial characters range from detrimental through neutral to favorable in terms of selection.
Vestigial organs are adaptations that have become useless.
Vestigial organs are historical remnants of structures that had important function in ancestors.
Vestigial organs are often homologous to organs that are useful in other species.
Vestigial organs have purposes.
Vestigial organs suggest a common ancestry.
Most vestigial organs have purposes.
Vestigial structures are anatomical structures .
Vestigial structures are evidence of an organism's evolutionary history.
Vestigial structures are homologous structures that have a reduced function or no function at all.
Vestigial structures constitute one line of evidence of lessening complexity evolving among eukarya.
Vestigial structures have a reduced size or function.
Vestigial structures serve functions.
Most vestigial structures serve functions.
Vesting schedule does apply.
Vesting schedules apply only to employer contributions and earnings.
Vesting schedules vary by organization.
Vestings are dressings.
Vestisbular stem seem poorly developed and small.
A vestment is a robe
Vestment is reached at ten years.
Vestments are a part of a complex pattern in communication.
Vestments are gowns.
Vestments are located in churchs.
Vestments cover our ordinary clothing.
Vestments See our Vestments page.
A vestry is a commission
Vestries are committees.
Vestries are part of churchs.
Vestries are rooms.
Vestry is the governing body of the church.
Vestry is the legal governing and decision-making group in the parish.
Vestry is the parish general meeting which occurs at least annually.
Vestry sets date to compile interview questions and interview candidates.
Vet school is difficult, and it s meant to be difficult.
Vet school is four years after college.
Vet school weeds out the bad students before they get in, so accepts fewer students.
Vet schools are like graduate, medical or law schools.
Most vet schools are at state-supported schools and so, give priority to their state's residents.
Vet techs can work wherever veterinarians work- in animal hospitals, shelters, farms, etc.
Vet techs provide an extra pair of hands for veterinarians.
Some vet technicians measure hearts.
Vet wrap is very elastic.
A vet is a doctor
Vet costs for gerbils can be very costly.
Vet isa doc.
Vet isa doctor.
Vet isa physician.
Vet resides on premises.
Vet scans either all files or only selected file types.
Vet syringes from the chemist are ideal.
Vets advise worming puppies and kittens as young as six weeks.
Vets also watch the horses as they warm up and enter the paddock.
Vets also work at animal shelters, racetracks, fur ranches, and circuses.
Vets are also available for chats.
Vets are expensive.
Vets are hard to locate at times and rescue groups are even scarcer.
Vets are human.
Vets are usually welcome to attend as associate members.
Vets are very territorial and they want a monopoly on the treatment of animals.
Vets ask permission.
Vets assess pregnancy.
Vets attribute the longevity to better health care, changing ownership patterns and pampering.
Vets can advise pet owners about sedating animals, although most are wary of it.
Vets can already go to an advisor and process a waiver.
Vets can be great sources of health information.
Vets can do wonders with stitch and sew.
Vets can provide the necessary documents.
Vets claim a third of Gulf War babies have abnormalities, ten times the normal rate.
Vets claim that the phenomenon is extremely rare.
Vets collect blood.
Vets come to houses.
Vets deal with animals.
Vets deal with large animals.
Vets deal with pets.
Vets determine cat health problems.
Vets determine causes.
Vets determine problems.
Vets determine underlie causes.
Vets devise treatments.
Vets diagnose problems.
Vets discover contamination.
Vets do have problems related to homelessness, substance abuse, and other psycho-social disorders.
Vets do surgery.
Vets do tests.
Vets examine animals.
Vets examine horses.
Vets examine tissue.
Vets favor steroids such as prednisone in the form of pills or shots.
Vets fear thousands are harbouring the disease, apparently without symptoms.
Vets get information.
Vets give injections.
Vets give instruction.
Vets go to school to study the internal systems of many different types of animals and birds.
Vets have (part) adult bodies.
Vets have (part) arms.
Vets have (part) body substances.
Vets have (part) cell membranes.
Vets have (part) cells.
Vets have (part) corpi.
Vets have (part) cytoplasm.
Vets have (part) heads.
Vets have (part) legs.
Vets have (part) necks.
Vets have (part) nuclei.
Vets have (part) personality.
Vets have (part) plasma membranes.
Vets have (part) sections.
Vets have (part) vacuoles.
Vets have a big advantage.
Vets have a difficult time quantifying how many pathogens are too much.
Vets have a good reason to smile at the latest news from medical researchers.
Vets have answers.
Vets have experience.
Vets have knowledge.
Vets have little knowledge.
Vets have machines.
Vets have to have strong problem-solving skills in order to diagnose their patients.
Vets have to like pets and people, because they are always interacting with both.
Vets hear dogs.
Vets inspect the farm.
Vets looks after ALL animals.
Vets love animals.
Vets love the emotional cripples, for they sometimes turn their charges into hypochondriacs.
Vets make definite diagnoses.
Vets make diagnoses.
Vets move into new homes.
Vets now have safer options.
Vets observe the horses as they pass, primarily for lameness.
Vets offer additional input.
Vets offer input.
Vets offer services.
Vets paid by the hauliers, that's who.
Vets pass tests.
Vets perform procedures.
Vets perform surgery.
Vets perform tests.
Vets prescribe antibiotics for bacterial infections.
Vets prescribe proper treatments.
Vets prescribe treatments.
Vets provide recommendations.
Vets recommend always having a first-aid kit prepared and ready to go.
Vets recommend diets.
Vets recommend food.
Vets recommend giving one to three milligrams for every pound of pet.
Vets recommend having kittens neutered at about six months.
Vets recommend heart worm tests.
Vets recommend products.
Vets recommend science diets.
Vets recommend tests.
Vets recommend treatments.
Vets recommend vacuuming and dusting often.
Vets run tests.
Vets say dogs and cats get cancer more often than people do.
Vets say it is no more serious for animals than a bad cold for humans.
Vets say it's a miracle.
Vets say it's the best way to keep any cat happy and disease free.
Vets say it's the best way to keep cats happy and disease-free and to prolong their lives.
Vets say it's the best way to keep cats happy and disease-free.
Vets say that it is no more serious for animals than a bad cold for humans.
Vets say that the bird was also shot at one point in time.
Vets say they are being lied to by the administrative staff at the hospital.
Vets say they help dehydrated dogs perk up and recover faster.
Vets see birds.
Vets see cases.
Vets see many well-behaved dogs often.
Vets see more allergy related problems today than ever before.
Vets see pets.
Vets set bones.
Vets sing the praises The veterinary medical community has shown support for such insurance.
Vets specialize in medicine.
Vets suggest food.
Vets suggest improvement.
Vets suggest treatments.
Vets take blood samples.
Vets take care.
Vets take samples.
Vets take small samples.
Vets take small tissue samples.
Vets take tissue samples.
Vets teach calm techniques.
Vets teach techniques.
Vets tend to be honest, idealistic, and very friendly.
Vets test blood sugar levels.
Vets test dogs.
Vets test levels.
Vets testify about atrocities.
Vets to get correct information.
Vets to get information.
Vets to perform tests.
Vets treat cats.
Vets treat exotic cats.
Vets treat hamsters.
Vets treat illnesses.
Vets treat kinds.
Vets treat wild cats.
Vets use droppings to diagnose infections.
Vets watch dogs.
Vets win Poppy War.
Vets work at places.
Vets often find that it takes two years just to begin a dialogue with the office.
Vets sometimes know nothing about sheep.
Vets usually rely on telltale symptoms.
All vets are special.
All vets have to meet requirements in states where they want to practice.
Any vet can dispense less.
Any vet expenses for rescued dogs from puppy mills.
Any vet is better than none.
Every vet has a favorite anesthetic regimen , combining a number of drugs and anesthetic agents.
Every vet has one.
Many vets actually recommend spaying females routinely to prevent the problem.
Many Vets are more than happy to help rescue groups.
Many vets are reluctant to perform surgery without an owners consent.
Many vets are too busy to complete the necessary paperwork.
Many vets are unwilling to care for wildlife.
Many vets avoid late-pregnancy abortions because the kittens are viable.
Many vets do.
Many vets get their education on dog diet by dog food reps.
Many vets have experience with dogs ingesting metaldehyde baits.
Many vets have specific weight loss programs that help take pounds off.
Many vets know very little about primates.
Many vets offer boarding.
Many vets offer free initial medical inspections for adopted animals.
Many vets promote the BARF diet.
Many vets provide low-cost services for feral rescuers.
Many Vets recommend occasional health checks and blood work as a form of preventative medicine.
Many vets recommend repellents containing bitter apple.
Many vets refer dogs here.
Many vets see allergy cases by the thousands.
Many vets still suffer from their experiences.
Most vets agree it's nothing to be concerned about.
Most vets agree that food allergies and toxic conditions are on the rise in modern day pets.
Most vets agree, the best thing to do is keep the wound clean by rinsing it with clear, cool water.
Most vets are happy to cooperate.
Most vets ask permission.
Most vets assess pregnancy.
Most vets collect blood.
Most vets come to houses.
Most vets deal with animals.
Most vets deal with large animals.
Most vets deal with pets.
Most vets define well controlled as having one seizure per month or less.
Most vets determine cat health problems.
Most vets determine causes.
Most vets determine problems.
Most vets determine underlie causes.
Most vets devise treatments.
Most vets discover contamination.
Most vets do but it is always good to be on the safe side.
Most vets do surgery.
Most vets do tests.
Most vets encourage the owners to clip their cat's nails every month or so.
Most vets examine animals.
Most vets examine horses.
Most vets get information.
Most vets give injections.
Most vets give instruction.
Most vets go in through the mouth, snipping a piece of the vocal cord.
Most vets have a silent Memorial Day conversation with their buddies, dead now for so many years.
Most vets have a special tiny sanding tool to use.
Most vets have answers.
Most vets have experience.
Most vets have knowledge.
Most vets have little knowledge.
Most vets have little to no training in nutrition or how nutrition affects overall health.
Most vets have machines.
Most vets have one.
Most vets have the high quality foods.
Most vets have very few clients that own exotics.
Most vets hear dogs.
Most vets make definite diagnoses.
Most vets make diagnoses.
Most vets make long casts upstream, try to get a drag-free float, and then pray.
Most vets now have the capacity to insert chips.
Most vets offer additional input.
Most vets offer input.
Most vets offer services.
Most vets pass tests.
Most vets perform procedures.
Most vets perform surgery.
Most vets perform tests.
Most vets prescribe proper treatments.
Most vets prescribe treatments.
Most vets provide recommendations.
Most vets recommend diets.
Most vets recommend food.
Most vets recommend heart worm tests.
Most vets recommend ovariohysterectomy as the best treatment for canine pyometra.
Most vets recommend products.
Most vets recommend science diets.
Most vets recommend tests.
Most vets recommend treatments.
Most vets run tests.
Most vets see birds.
Most vets see cases.
Most vets see pets.
Most vets specialize in medicine.
Most vets suggest food.
Most vets suggest improvement.
Most vets suggest treatments.
Most vets take blood samples.
Most vets take care.
Most vets take samples.
Most vets take small samples.
Most vets take small tissue samples.
Most vets take tissue samples.
Most vets teach calm techniques.
Most vets teach techniques.
Most vets treat cats.
Most vets treat exotic cats.
Most vets treat hamsters.
Most vets treat illnesses.
Most vets treat kinds.
Most vets treat the dog with an antibiotic to prevent secondary bacterial infections.
Most vets treat wild cats.
Most vets use it, but other types of gas anesthetics, such as halothane are still in use.
Most vets use the once a month version.
Most vets watch dogs.
Most vets work at places.
Some vets advise against it, due to unpredictable side effects at high altitudes.
Some vets are better at debarking than others.
Some vets are better with one type of pet over another or some personalities over others.
Some vets are gruff and just want to get it done and over with.
Some vets are keen on Advantage, a relatively new topical solution that's available by prescription.
Some vets combine chiropractic therapy with acupuncture to relieve muscle spasms.
Some vets deal with hedgehogs.
Some vets determine infection.
Some vets diagnose infection.
Some vets diagnose kidney infection.
Some vets find locations.
Some vets give approval.
Some vets give demonstrations.
Some vets give suggestions.
Some vets grow gardens.
Some vets have applications at their office.
Some vets have devices.
Some vets have insight to diseases that affect both humans and animals.
Some vets have kits.
Some vets have none.
Some vets have rabbits.
Some vets have samples.
Some vets help importance.
Some vets kill guys.
Some vets like to use plastic buttons made from a soap dispenser to anchor the threads.
Some vets look at chests.
Some vets observe reaction.
Some vets perform reductions.
Some vets possess cats.
Some vets prefer to give four sets.
Some vets prefer to inseminate two days in a row, some prefer to put all semen in at one time.
Some vets prescribe appetite stimulants.
Some vets prescribe food.
Some vets prescribe stimulants.
Some vets prescribe valium, usually used for humans.
Some vets recommend a couple of weeks, others a month or more.
Some vets recommend antidepressants.
Some vets recommend life.
Some vets regularly test dogs once a year for heart worms.
Some vets see capybaras.
Some vets see dogs.
Some vets see opossums.
Some vets specialise in treating exotic pets, such as ferrets, rabbits or birds.
Some vets specialize in fields.
Some vets specialize in life.
Some vets suggest asthma.
Some vets suggest options.
Some vets take extra precaution.
Some vets take precaution.
Some vets take special precaution.
Some vets take swabs.
Some vets treat allergies with prednisone and other cortisones.
Some vets treat capuchin monkeys.
Some vets treat guinea pigs.
Some vets treat monkeys.
Some vets treat pigs.
Some vets treat raccoons.
Some vets treat rats.
Some vets turn to such methods to treat behavioral problems.
Some vets use both to get maximum protection.
Some vets use calculation methods.
Some vets use glue or stitches that melt into the flesh and don t require removal.
Some vets use light.
Some vets use methods.
Some vets use phenylbutazone and believe that it works better in many patients.
Some vets use staples instead of stitches, which seems to help prevent the incision from re-opening.
Some vets use ultraviolet light.
Some vets work pro bono or offer a free first exam.
Vetch mulch fetches more veggies.
Vetch seed are difficult to remove in cleaning.
A vetch is a legume
Vetches are more tolerant to acid soil conditions than most legumes.
Vetches are used for field corn.
Vetches boost soil nitrogen, attract beneficial insects, and inhibit nematodes.
Vetches grow well on a wide range of soil types, but are best adapted to loamy and sandy soils.
Vetches is a general term referring to many plants belonging to the legume or bean family.
Vetchs are legumes.
Vetebrate chordates can have body plans organized via segmentation .
Most veteran anglers know how important the choosing the right hook can be.
All veteran disability looking entire next tidy, consequently fashion obey our.
Most veteran fishermen acknowledge that early spring is the best time of year to catch trophy bass.
Many veteran journalists say modern newsrooms have the corporate feel of an insurance agency.
Veteran organizations are often the lobbyists who persuade school boards to embrace a daily pledge.
Veteran pilots have experience.
Most veteran pilots have experience.
Veteran sergeants shake heads.
Most veteran sergeants shake heads.
Most veteran surfers agree that speed is an important component of web access.
A veteran is a man
Veteran adds a secondary objective.
Veteran benefits To avoid unnecessary delays, please submit all required documents promptly.
Veteran can play all three frontcourt positions and gives nice guy Spurs a little nasty streak.
Veteran fencers welcome.
Veteran gets first two-sack game of career.
Veteran is always up to the challenge.
Veteran isa serviceman.
Veteran quarterbacks talk of seeing a slower game.
Veteran suicides later outnumber original casualties.
Veteran voluntarily withdraws from the program.
Veteran wordsmiths as well as the previously unpublished are equally welcome.
Veterans account for a higher proportion of all self-employed workers than any other age group.
Veterans also are aware of the lies about the safety of Agent Orange.
Veterans also attend all functions free of charge.
Veterans also know the importance of relieving pressure through humor.
Veterans also receive priority referrals for available jobs.
Veterans also say it contributed to health problems suffered after the Gulf War.
Veterans also suffer higher than average levels of suicide and marriage breakdown.
Veterans are a ssured of non-discriminatory treatment.
Veterans are a unique breed.
Veterans are able either to save their home or avoid damage to their credit rating.
Veterans are able to use the GI Bill.
Veterans are against it and the troops are unenthusiastic about it.
Veterans are also eligible for a headstone or grave marker at no charge.
Veterans are also eligible for numerous other service programs here in Nassau County.
Veterans are always welcome.
Veterans are better as pinch-hitters, it is difficult for young guys.
Veterans are conservative spenders.
Veterans are eligible for a VA-paid bronze or granite memorial available in several styles.
Veterans are eligible for all programs.
Veterans are eligible for one fee deferment per academic year.
Veterans are eligible for unemployment benefits.
Veterans are eligible regardless of injury during or after military service.
Veterans are eligible regardless of where they entered service.
Veterans are eligible to receive benefits.
Veterans are entitled to many resources designed to help in their search for employment.
Veterans are especially welcome. .
Veterans are especially welcome.
Veterans are experts.
Veterans are far superior in combat strength to warriors.
Veterans are grateful for the change of attitude.
Veterans are highly trained team players who are loyal and dedicated.
Veterans are homeless for the same reasons that others are homeless, plus an additional few.
Veterans are indeed worthy of a formal tribute from a grateful nation.
Veterans are limited to one of only a few centers in the United States.
Veterans are limited to two credits per quarter.
Veterans are more apt to be unemployed or even homeless than non-veterans of the same age.
Veterans are most welcome to wear their uniform items from their period of service.
Veterans are our nation's most effective recruiters.
Veterans are people who have already served, but are no longer in the armed forces of our country.
Veterans are proud of that.
Veterans are responsible for the payment of tuition, books, and fees upon registration.
Veterans are servicemans.
Veterans are street savvy, politically connected and put a premium on close customer relationships.
Veterans are subject to the same payment conditions as other students.
Veterans are subject to the same payment requirements as non-veteran students.
Veterans are the best teachers.
Veterans are the keepers of the flame, the bearers of our national memory.
Veterans are the unsung heros who define our American heritage.
Veterans are unique in many ways.
Veterans are very aware of how rookies are performing.
Veterans are welcome.
Veterans begin breaking camp.
Veterans benefits A wide range of services and benefits are available to assist military veterans.
Veterans can also look into any possible veterans benefits .
Veterans can also look into possible veteran's benefits.
Veterans can also print out the completed form and mail it to a VA health care facility themselves.
Veterans can apply at any time.
Veterans can apply for benefits in various places.
Veterans can apply for enrollment at any facility, at any time, during any year.
Veterans can apply for enrollment at any facility, at anytime during any year.
Veterans can contact their local transition office to find out about police vacancies.
Veterans can earn points by choosing from a broad menu of options.
Veterans can escape the despair of homelessness with the right kinds of help.
Veterans can get food, medical help and other services, especially if they are homeless.
Veterans can have military retired pay reduced or make a lump-sum payment.
Veterans can keep abreast of benefits by requesting veteran services.
Veterans can load up nearly a gallon before starting the hike.
Veterans can obtain half-time benefits by attending classes fifteen clock hours per week.
Veterans can only complain to the VA and their congressional representatives.
Veterans can post resumes on the site.
Veterans can purchase a new home with no down payment.
Veterans can qualify for Advanced Course placement.
Veterans can receive a noncompetitive appointment for a government job under special authority.
Veterans can receive free legal aid, qualification is based on an individual's income.
Veterans can search for specific service members by name or browse a comprehensive list of bases.
Veterans can take advantage of a no down payment loan.
Veterans can view and update their information at kiosks located in the hospitals.
Veterans checkout the rookie in the lockerroom.
Veterans come and stand behind the flag retirement crew.
Veterans count the days until retirement.
Veterans deserve a better option.
Veterans deserve accurate, prompt responses to their claims.
Veterans deserve better than they are getting.
Veterans deserve better, especially from a state whose economy depends so heavily on the military.
Veterans deserve good jobs.
Veterans deserve no less.
Veterans deserve our best in return for having given their best.
Veterans deserve prompt, quality medical care.
Veterans deserve special attention because veterans have performed special services.
Veterans deserve the opportunity to choose chiropractic care.
Veterans deserve the opportunity to gain simple justice where a clear injustice has occurred.
Veterans deserve, and have earned, our gratitude and deepest respect.
Veterans do make a difference.
Veterans do most jobs off and on.
Veterans duplicate chemistry and physiology of adults during war.
Veterans estimate they see one every third or fourth dive.
Veterans feel much the same way about their presence.
Veterans Find information and resources for military veterans.
Veterans find jobs.
Veterans find pay jobs.
Veterans generally are exempt from service in peacetime.
Veterans generally have the discipline and commitment it takes to make good police officers.
Veterans generally recognize spies more, especially spies disguised as snipers.
Veterans generally wait eight to nine weeks for appointments to specialty clinics.
Veterans get the calls.
Veterans go through a qualification period that takes a few weeks to finalize.
Veterans go to sign-up first, and then figure things out later.
Veterans hatch idea Two veterans, over lunch, got the idea to start the burial program.
Veterans have (part) arms.
Veterans have (part) body substances.
Veterans have (part) cell membranes.
Veterans have (part) cells.
Veterans have (part) corpi.
Veterans have (part) cytoplasm.
Veterans have (part) heads.
Veterans have (part) human bodies.
Veterans have (part) legs.
Veterans have (part) material bodies.
Veterans have (part) necks.
Veterans have (part) nuclei.
Veterans have (part) personality.
Veterans have (part) plasma membranes.
Veterans have (part) sections.
Veterans have (part) vacuoles.
Veterans have a special place in our society because of the service they gave to their country.
Veterans have a tremendous impact on the non-veteran population, especially young people.
Veterans have many stories to tell.
Veterans have more health problems and physical disabilities than the general population.
Veterans have other forms to complete.
Veterans have services.
Veterans have ten years from date of discharge to use their VA educational benefits.
Veterans have the opportunity to interact with others.
Veterans have the opportunity to use their VA certificate and purchase a home with no down payment.
Veterans hold a revered place in the Japanese-American community.
Veterans know all the things that really go on in combat and all the things that can happen.
Veterans know better.
Veterans know how to shred red tape.
Veterans know that doing well in any market usually requires a combination of boldness and caution.
Veterans know that the military has a particular view of right and wrong.
Veterans know the high cost of establishing and maintaining democracy.
Veterans know too much to dare glorify the horrors of war.
Veterans know what customers want.
Veterans live in virtually every country in every corner of the world.
Veterans living in our own communities are excellent resource persons.
Veterans make good employees for Tennessee s employers.
Veterans make up one-third of the homeless population.
Veterans make up our best source of drivers and have the best retention rate.
Veterans man the receiving positions.
Veterans motorcycle plates.
Veterans now have to drive to Lake City or Gainesville.
Veterans now work.
Veterans ordinarily qualify for advanced placement.
Veterans purchase preference of unoccupied residential land.
Veterans read about old friends, swap stories and even take part in e-mail virtual reunions.
Veterans receive a bonus in speed, armor, and firepower.
Veterans receive advanced placement.
Veterans receive an incremental increase in their benefit for each additional dependent.
Veterans receive benefits from the VA for letter grades only.
Veterans receive ceremony.
Veterans receive credit for all freshmen and sophomore classes.
Veterans receive extra points added to their score.
Veterans receive military ceremony.
Veterans receive payment for educational training based on their enrollment and benefit eligibility.
Veterans receive preference as provided by law.
Veterans receive priority in job and training referrals and other employment-related services.
Veterans receive priority referral to jobs as well as special employment services and assistance.
Veterans receive priority referrals to jobs, as well as special employment services and assistance.
Veterans remain divided over whether the war was worth it.
Veterans remember the panic it caused and the terrible scenes it left.
Veterans report in the a.m., vets and newcomers practice in late afternoon.
Veterans report the feeling that they never really made it back from the war.
Veterans resource homepage for information and links concerning U.S. military veterans.
Veterans retain the residency they had at the time they entered the military.
Veterans return homes.
Veterans ride along and answer any questions the new people have.
Veterans ride free on Memorial Day.
Veterans sail across the Atlantic.
Veterans say the movie is true to life.
Veterans say the way to go is to stay low.
Veterans say they can tell when the soft ball stage requirement has been met, without even checking.
Veterans say they have been slighted in a second way, too.
Veterans seek care.
Veterans seek mental health treatments.
Veterans seek treatments.
Veterans seem to be at a higher risk, but the general public needs to know, too.
Veterans serving three years more often mention education as a top priority.
Veterans share information with each other.
Veterans sharing information enables newer stewards to begin representing members on their own.
Veterans Speak A collection of interviews with veterans, family members, and war protestors.
Veterans stand proudly in the timeline of the history of the United States.
Veterans survive severe wounds.
Veterans survive wounds.
Veterans take a sandwich or some fruit.
Veterans take care of veterans.
Veterans teach apprentices how to pick up a piece of glass safely.
Veterans teach how to lead.
Veterans tell war stories and lead guided tours every day at California's official military museum.
Veterans tend to be very proud individuals, and they want to rely on their own resources.
Veterans tend to keep their distance from the rookies.
Veterans try to maintain their body temperature at a comfortable level.
Veterans universally recommend breaking the implementation process into phases.
Veterans use brain structures they used when traumatized as adults.
Veterans use of low vision devices for reading.
Veterans visit school and respond to questions about their military experience.
Veterans volunteer as firefighters and emergency medical technicians and work in literacy programs.
Veterans volunteer to show products of partnerships, talk about what they learned.
Veterans walk unfazed down aisles loaded with brands seemingly chosen for their eccentricity.
Veterans wearing medals also travel at a reduced rate.
Veterans Work Out.
Veterans often purchase a private plot and marker prior to their death or the death of their spouse.
Veterans usually come with a price.
All veterans are eligible for gravemarkers or headstones.
All veterans are in the lower half of standings.
All veterans are on both tables.
All veterans are responsible for reporting their academic program each quarter they attend.
All veterans are welcome to attend, and all eligible veterans are welcome to join.
All veterans are welcome.
All veterans share a common bond.
All veterans welcome.
ALL veterans welcome.
Any veteran living in California is eligible.
Any veteran placed on probationary status is referred to the counseling center.
Every veteran is eligible for a free set of ribbons and medals after discharge.
Every veteran is entitled to a grave site marker and military rites at the funeral.
Every veteran is someone's son, brother, husband, father or friend.
Every veteran knows that.
Many veterans are very upset.
Many veterans claim that site is one of dozens of chemical storage sites in the region.
Many veterans come home with both the physical and emotional scars of war.
Many veterans die before they are able to access health care.
Many veterans entitled to quality medical care find such services unobtainable today.
Many veterans even describe bizarre symptoms in their household pets.
Many veterans find it difficult to talk about their experiences to civilians.
Many veterans hold themselves accountable as individuals for combat killings.
Many veterans know the frustrations of dealing with the multiple palettes and the floating toolbars.
Many veterans live in homeless shelters.
Many veterans prefer a non-spiritual approach to recovery.
Many veterans still grieve for buddies long dead.
Many veterans use the VA system because of the high cost of prescription drugs.
More veterans live in our state than any other save California.
Most veterans alreadyhave lengthy sub lists, so it's really a crapshoot.
Most veterans are eligible for a burial flag.
Most veterans are married.
Most veterans are out of town by sundown.
Most veterans are willing to share their experiences, and it is a way to honor our vets and heroes.
Most veterans feel the same.
Most veterans file their own claims.
Most veterans find jobs.
Most veterans find pay jobs.
Most veterans have services.
Most veterans identify a spouse or person with whom they co-habit as their primary relative.
Most veterans know that they can use the G.I. Bill to pay for the costs of education.
Most veterans know that.
Most veterans qualify for additional employment consideration.
Most veterans receive ceremony.
Most veterans receive military ceremony.
Most veterans remain in town at least the next three days after minicamp for informal practices.
Most veterans return homes.
Most veterans seek care.
Most veterans seek mental health treatments.
Most veterans seek treatments.
Most veterans survive severe wounds.
Most veterans survive wounds.
Some veterans also receive preference for Federal jobs.
Some veterans come back with groups.
Some veterans die at hospitals.
Some veterans hire girls.
Some veterans just have no information about such free tickets.
Some veterans lead communities.
Some veterans lie on their job application and are fired after the lie is discovered.
Some veterans make offers.
Some veterans make the decision easy with their attitude.
Some veterans meet follow requirements.
Some veterans meet requirements.
Some veterans receive care.
Some veterans receive flags.
Some veterans receive hiring preferences.
Some veterans say there are nine big hills, some say thirteen, some say more.
Some veterans say they recall gunshots out from underpasses.
Some veterans stand in fronts.
Some veterans turn entrepreneurs.
Some veterans turn health care entrepreneurs.
Some veterans use a simple text editor and others use HTML editors.
Some veterans use the weekend to meet some old friends.
Some veterans wait an entire year for a medical clinic appointment.
Some veterans work as guards.
Some veterans work as prison guards.
Some veterans work in art.
Some veterans work in graphic art.
Veterans benefits are available to veterans or national guard reservists who qualify.
Veterans hospitals are cornerstones to our system of medical schools and residency training.
Many veterans hospitals employ horticultural therapists.
Veterans organizations burn old flags in special ceremonies.
Veterans organizations wonder about that.
Veterans preference applies to open competitive examinations only.
Veterans preference gives special consideration to eligible veterans looking for federal employment.
Veterans preference is considered.
Veterans preference is in accordance with state law.
Veterans preference is provided to qualified applicants pursuant to state law.
Veterans preference provides for hiring preference on initial appointment only.
Veterans today have a special obligation.
Veterinarian care is minimal, yet having an experienced vet on call is important.
Veterinarian positions are very few and far between in the marine animal field.
Veterinarian references are preferable.
Veterinarian students take turns answering the phone.
A veterinarian is a doctor
Veterinarians advise that it is important to use supplements with a balanced formula of enzymes.
Veterinarians also appreciate people who take time to learn about their birds.
Veterinarians also can use ultrasound to look for a retained testicle.
Veterinarians also euthanize animals when necessary.
Veterinarians also have prescription treatments for flea control on pets.
Veterinarians also recommend regular, at-home care.
Veterinarians also say to watch newborn calves for umbilical infections.
Veterinarians also state that overdoses of vitamins can be harmful in dogs.
Veterinarians also use ECGs to diagnose abnormal rhythms or electrical disturbances in the heart.
Veterinarians also use the drug for actinomycosis.
Veterinarians also use their skills to protect humans against diseases carried by animals.
Veterinarians also work in specialized fields.
Veterinarians are a special group of people.
Veterinarians are a very small occupational group.
Veterinarians are able to advise on the safe and effective use of flea control products.
Veterinarians are able to perform surgery and other medical procedures with safety and confidence.
Veterinarians are accomplices in farming activities.
Veterinarians are active team members in organized responses to environmental disasters worldwide.
Veterinarians are also in regulatory medicine or public health.
Veterinarians are also work on quicker and more humane ways to diagnose rabies.
Veterinarians are another convenient target for anger, because they euthanized the pet.
Veterinarians are doctors.
Veterinarians are doctors.
Veterinarians are enthusiastic supporters.
Veterinarians are far more than people with a fondness for animals.
Veterinarians are good references, and are usually very cooperative.
Veterinarians are highly skilled professionals trained in diagnosing treating illness in animals.
Veterinarians are more likely to see the disease than medical doctors.
Veterinarians are most effective in managing emergencies when acting as a team.
Veterinarians are normally aware of contractors operating in their districts.
Veterinarians are often the first to detect and contain newly emerging environmental diseases.
Veterinarians are on call as needed.
Veterinarians are people.
Veterinarians are pussy lovers.
Veterinarians are quite astute at recognizing the telltale signs of shock in dogs and cats.
Veterinarians are skeptical of homemade flea remedies such as garlic, vinegar, vitamin C and kelp.
Veterinarians are subject to the same limitations with their patients.
Veterinarians are the primary audience for all three resources.
Veterinarians are the primary source of information on the use of swine antimicrobials.
Veterinarians are the veterinary equivalents of human medical doctors.
Veterinarians are unique among medical professionals.
Veterinarians are very skilled at identifying ehrlichiosis in horses.
Veterinarians are vital in protecting and promoting the health of our closest non-human companions.
Veterinarians are vital to maintaining a safe and healthy food supply.
Veterinarians assist in the rehabilitation of injured birds of prey and other wildlife.
Veterinarians bring a different perspective to the agency.
Veterinarians bring credibility to discussions concerning animals in health care settings.
Veterinarians can also choose from more than a hundred other shapes with custom stamps.
Veterinarians can also insert a catheter into the bladder to get urine samples.
Veterinarians can also set alarms for pulse rate and oxygen saturation.
Veterinarians can also take advantage of base financing and leasing options.
Veterinarians can anticipate continued interest in the scheduling of ketamine.
Veterinarians can assist pet owners with details.
Veterinarians can be of tremendous help in establishing and maintaining health programs.
Veterinarians can choose specialties such as companion animals or farm animals.
Veterinarians can contribute to human as well as animal health.
Veterinarians can customize the scoring rule to their liking and professional needs .
Veterinarians can fill a role beyond the plant.
Veterinarians can find participation information here .
Veterinarians can find participation information here.
Veterinarians can flush the urethra or surgically remove the blockage.
Veterinarians can generally diagnose the disorder through a physical exam and routine blood test.
Veterinarians can help guide potential adopters in the right direction.
Veterinarians can identify advanced stages of dysplasia.
Veterinarians can identify and treat internal parasites and other diseases which kill livestock.
Veterinarians can initiate rehydration and fluid support.
Veterinarians can now effectively correct many undesirable canine behaviors.
Veterinarians can often perform surgery to completely remove small external tumors.
Veterinarians can only make their clients aware of the medical options that are available.
Veterinarians can place the unit on the chest or use leads.
Veterinarians can prescribe drug treatment to protect pets during the moscluito season.
Veterinarians can prescribe medication that is given monthly to cats and dogs as a pill or drops.
Veterinarians can prescribe medicine to calm dogs that get nervous or nauseous when traveling.
Veterinarians can prescribe pills or injections to safely treat for tapeworms in pets.
Veterinarians can print results individually or as an average.
Veterinarians can recommend an appropriate drug regimen depending on area.
Veterinarians can recommend various sprays, powders, and bath preparations.
Veterinarians can run a fertility check on stallions by collecting a sample of sperm.
Veterinarians can specialize by species, such as food animal, companion animal, or equine practice.
Veterinarians can specify the fenestration size according to the type of procedure to be performed.
Veterinarians can take a small part of the third eyelid and test it for scrapie.
Veterinarians can treat the symptoms and possibly save the animal's life.
Veterinarians can use a number of methods to diagnose ringworm.
Veterinarians can use either an injectable vaccine or one given as droplets in the cats nose.
Veterinarians can use either an injectable vaccine or one given as droplets in the cat's nose.
Veterinarians can view live, real-time microscopic images on their computer screens.
Veterinarians care for the health of animals and work to improve public health.
Veterinarians check for symptoms of illnesses in pets.
Veterinarians come and visit our club and share their own experiences, goals, and triumphs.
Veterinarians come with a wide range of backgrounds, knowledge, experience, and expertise.
Veterinarians commonly use ketamine as a cat tranquilizer.
Veterinarians complete a four-year postgraduate program before becoming licensed.
Veterinarians conduct clinical trials using people's sick pets, with the owners' permission.
Veterinarians contribute to human as well as animal health.
Veterinarians contribute to human as well as health.
Veterinarians cover topics relating to health issues and the latest news in genetic research.
Veterinarians deal with the recognition, treatment, control and prevention of diseases in animals.
Veterinarians divide stringhalt into two major categories.
Veterinarians do recommend home-cooked diets for some specific purposes.
Veterinarians earn a four-year undergraduate degree before applying to veterinary school.
Veterinarians ensure a safe food supply by maintaining the health of livestock.
Veterinarians evaluate lab samples to detect diseases within animals.
Veterinarians examine the dogs at each checkpoint and determine whether they are fit to continue.
Veterinarians explain their techniques in examination, diagnosis and treatment.
Veterinarians first see signs of loss of appetite, yet remaining thirst in the affected pets.
Veterinarians generally eliminate one of the embryos because horse twins are undesirable.
Veterinarians have a wide variety of types and brands of dental restorative materials available.
Veterinarians have always know that cats did get heartworm disease.
Veterinarians have an important role to play in disaster preparedness and response.
Veterinarians have an integral role in the food chain.
Veterinarians have evening hours.
Veterinarians have lots of good stuff.
Veterinarians have no such restrictions.
Veterinarians have professional expertise and skills in the field of food hygiene and safety.
Veterinarians help animals .
Veterinarians hope to learn what makes gorillas , especially males, mysteriously drop dead.
Veterinarians humanely euthanize some greyhounds.
Veterinarians keep detailed records on the animals and herds they treat.
Veterinarians know a lot about animals so they're best at fixing what's wrong.
Veterinarians know that crystals, along with other health concerns, are often caused by diet.
Veterinarians learn to treat all animals , but sometimes work with a specific type .
Veterinarians learn to treat all animals, but sometimes work with a specific type.
Veterinarians like to say that there are no bad dogs, only bad owners.
Veterinarians look after the health and well-being of animals.
Veterinarians look for degenerative changes and abnormal shapes of the hip joint.
Veterinarians love the Steam Autoclave as it is large enough for the large and small spay kits.
Veterinarians make money drawing blood.
Veterinarians make the diagnosis by ruling out other problems that cause similar symptoms.
Veterinarians monitor diseases and administer animal health programs.
Veterinarians now have a product capable of killing the fleas as they bite the animal host .
Veterinarians now use nicotine-patch technology to offer animals better pain control.
Veterinarians offer options and advice, but it comes down to the client's decision.
Veterinarians perform a large number of important services for animals of all kinds.
Veterinarians perform spay and neuter surgeries under a general anesthetic.
Veterinarians perform spay and neuter surgeries under general anesthetic.
Veterinarians perform surgery on animals and prescribe and administer medicines and vaccines.
Veterinarians perform valuable research on animal and human health related concerns.
Veterinarians play a critical role in human health.
Veterinarians play a key role in food safety.
Veterinarians play a key role in the health of both populations.
Veterinarians play a large role in the reconstruction process.
Veterinarians play a significant role in the reconstruction process.
Veterinarians play an important role in agriculture and wildlife reservation and conservation.
Veterinarians play an important role in the health and well being of pet birds.
Veterinarians play the single most important role in ending the surplus dog and cat tragedy.
Veterinarians process a great deal of paperwork associated with the horse's transport.
Veterinarians provide a written certificate when an animal has been vaccinated against rabies.
Veterinarians provide information.
Veterinarians provide services previously thought impossible.
Veterinarians provide supportive services to pet owners that go beyond direct animal care.
Veterinarians receive special training in diseases common to people and animals.
Veterinarians recommend a home dental care program.
Veterinarians recommend a preventive approach to senior health care.
Veterinarians recommend against allowing pets to travel on a full stomach.
Veterinarians recommend breakaway collars for cats.
Veterinarians recommend dogs get a mile walk every day.
Veterinarians recommend euthanizing pets bitten by rabid animals.
Veterinarians recommend feeding a small amount of petrolatum to ease hairball elimination.
Veterinarians recommend having a pet first aid kit on hand.
Veterinarians recommend muzzling dogs and cats before performing first-aid.
Veterinarians recommend ramps for pets with orthopedic problems, small pets, and arthritic pets.
Veterinarians recommend that a puppy or kitten be at least four months old.
Veterinarians report a land-office business treating exotic pets.
Veterinarians respond to more colic cases in cold weather than any other time.
Veterinarians review paperwork and treat the passenger for any conditions arising through travel.
Veterinarians routinely perform microscopic fecal examinations to search for eggs of parasites.
Veterinarians say nothing can be done to save deer and elk affected by chronic wasting disease.
Veterinarians say that occasional lameness is common in the early stages of disease.
Veterinarians say the procedure is painless.
Veterinarians say they are increasingly pressed to estimate how much life is left in Lassie . . .
Veterinarians see it often in the equine population.
Veterinarians send most pets home from the hospital the same day or the day after surgery.
Veterinarians specialize in certain types of animals, just as human physicians do.
Veterinarians specializing in exotic animals find work in private practice as well as in zoos.
Veterinarians stay up to date on information, too.
Veterinarians suggest that neither scenario is good for dogs.
Veterinarians take an echo-cardiogram, which is a sonogram of the heart.
Veterinarians test for body weakening retroviruses.
Veterinarians treat animals.
Veterinarians treat the symptoms, such as infection or cancer, and give supportive care.
Veterinarians typically have little or no training in software design.
Veterinarians universally agree that conventional antifreeze presents a serious threat to pets.
Veterinarians use a metal speculum or mouth gag to aid in the examination of the teeth and gums.
Veterinarians use just one drop of whole blood, two drops of buffer, and read the results.
Veterinarians use magnet therapy to help speed healing on animals with bone fractures .
Veterinarians use pentobarbital for anesthesia and euthanasia.
Veterinarians use the word bitch on a regular basis, and think nothing of it.
Veterinarians use two castration techniques.
Veterinarians use two primary methods to fight fleas and ticks.
Veterinarians use varied approaches for treatment and therapy of lower leg injuries.
Veterinarians use x rays to diagnose animals.
Veterinarians vaccinate and sterilize every cat.
Veterinarians wanting a brush-up on gross anatomy are welcome.
Veterinarians warn that they're particularly vulnerable to stress.
Veterinarians often develop a bond with their patients different from that of human doctors.
Veterinarians often prescribe spaying and castration as part of a treatment for some diseases.
Veterinarians often provide neutering services at shelters.
Veterinarians often recommend using a leash to keep cats safe.
Veterinarians often supply certificates verifying leg band removal.
Veterinarians often supply the latter.
Veterinarians often test for arthritis in horses by using nerve blocking.
Veterinarians often work additional hours.
Veterinarians often work in dirty and smelly environment.
Veterinarians sometimes resort to more intensive treatments.
Veterinarians sometimes see trends in diet-related problems.
Veterinarians usually prescribe drugs to help dilate the airways.
Veterinarians usually recommend surgery to correct the problem.
Veterinarians usually treat pets in hospitals and clinics.
Veterinarians usually treat with ivermectin.
All veterinarians are special.
Any veterinarian can call themself an avian veterinarian.
Any veterinarian can recommend a flea prevention program.
Any veterinarian expenses for illness.
Every veterinarian has a special connection with animals.
Every veterinarian holds the welfare interests of animals as a primary concern.
Every veterinarian knows that one deworms horses two times a year.
Every veterinarian learns to respect fishing hooks.
Many veterinarians also offer boarding services.
Many veterinarians also use heart and respiratory rate monitors.
Many veterinarians believe that genetics is the most important factor.
Many veterinarians charge more for spays on mature bitches, for the surgery takes longer.
Many veterinarians employ antiemetics to lessen the signs and aid in the control of dehydration.
Many veterinarians have equipment that monitors heart and respiratory rates during anesthesia.
Many veterinarians have serious reservations on ethical grounds.
Many veterinarians now insert microchips for a small fee.
Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age.
Many veterinarians own or work in a practice.
Many veterinarians prefer to use a killed vaccine on small calves.
Many veterinarians recommend adding pineapple or pina colada yogurt to the daily diet.
Many veterinarians recommend and many owners use a year-round heartworm prevention program.
Many veterinarians recommend essential fatty acids for pets with allergies and arthritis.
Many veterinarians recommend that owners participate in their dog's dental care.
Many veterinarians recommend vitamin supplements.
Many veterinarians recommend year-round heart worm preventative.
Many veterinarians suggest additional vaccinations and treatments.
Many veterinarians suggest animals be wormed on at least an annual basis.
Many veterinarians suggest that a preventative gastropexy be done.
Many veterinarians use ivermectin for a variety of parasitical conditions with great results.
Many veterinarians use pre-owned human endoscopes for veterinary procedures.
Many veterinarians work in labs developing medicine.
Most veterinarians administer a combination canine distemper-feline distemper vaccine.
Most veterinarians are either farm animal or companion animal oriented.
Most veterinarians are in private practice.
Most veterinarians begin as employees or partners in established practices.
Most veterinarians choose to vaccinate there patients with a combination vaccine.
Most veterinarians don t deliberately try to confuse owners.
Most veterinarians gain their information about new products through major pharmaceutical companies.
Most veterinarians have neither the facilities nor practical experience to treat injured raptors.
Most veterinarians have the chips available.
Most veterinarians have to put dogs down occasionally.
Most veterinarians initially suggest a three-pronged medical approach.
Most veterinarians offer a full range of diagnostic, surgical, and radiological procedures.
Most veterinarians perform clinical work in private practices caring for primarily small animals.
Most veterinarians perform clinical work in private practices.
Most veterinarians practice in animal hospitals or clinics and care primarily for companion animals.
Most veterinarians provide services for many species.
Most veterinarians recommend cleaning the ears weekly as a preventative.
Most veterinarians recommend fresh, natural branches as part of the cage furniture.
Most veterinarians recommend multiple parvovirus vaccinations for the growing puppy.
Most veterinarians recommend multiple vaccinations for growing puppies.
Most veterinarians recommend neutering at around six months of age.
Most veterinarians recommend preventive treatments to ensure that pets are protected.
Most veterinarians recommend spaying between four and six months of age.
Most veterinarians recommend tooth brushing, mouthwashes, and special tartar control diets.
Most veterinarians routinely fulfill such requests for their clients.
Most veterinarians sell the tags as a service to their clients.
Most veterinarians suggest that cages are at least three feet in length.
Most veterinarians work as sole practitioners.
Most veterinarians work in private clinics and hospitals.
Most veterinarians work in private practice in animal hospitals and clinics.
Most veterinarians work in private practice.
Most veterinarians work in veterinary clinics.
Most veterinarians work indoors.
Most veterinarians work with pets.
Some veterinarians also have lists of local rehabilitators.
Some veterinarians also offer a discount, just ask.
Some veterinarians also provide boarding services at a very reasonable cost.
Some veterinarians also suspect a link between behavior problems and hypothyroidism.
Some veterinarians are also willing to euthanize a pet at home.
Some veterinarians are better equipped and more knowledggeable about birds than others.
Some veterinarians are general practitioners who treat a wide range of animals.
Some veterinarians are in regulatory medicine or public health.
Some veterinarians are skillful enough to palpate parts of all teeth of most horses.
Some veterinarians become postsecondary teachers at colleges and universities.
Some veterinarians can implant tiny locators in a pet s skin.
Some veterinarians care for zoo or aquarium animals or for laboratory animals.
Some veterinarians care for zoo or aquarium animals, or for laboratory animals.
Some veterinarians come because they want to disprove it.
Some veterinarians consider that allopurinol is useful.
Some veterinarians do practice acupuncture.
Some veterinarians do research.
Some veterinarians feel that a combination of several different drugs can be used successfully.
Some veterinarians feel that cats, rather than kittens, are safer pets for immunocompromised people.
Some veterinarians give a higher dose once a day.
Some veterinarians keep extended hours on certain weekdays.
Some veterinarians like to inject drugs in the sheath or in the tendon itself.
Some veterinarians make house calls, so that is another possibility.
Some veterinarians now decline to perform ear cropping operations.
Some veterinarians offer day care services.
Some veterinarians offer termination of the pregnancy without spaying.
Some veterinarians perform research or teach at a school of veterinary medicine.
Some veterinarians prefer to inject magnesium sulphate intravenously.
Some veterinarians prefer to use steroid injections along with the prescription flea treatment.
Some veterinarians recommend elevated feeders for dogs susceptible to bloat.
Some veterinarians recommend occasional catnip as a remedy for stress and tension in cats.
Some veterinarians recommend rotating deworming compounds.
Some veterinarians recommend the use of toxoid vaccines in young calves.
Some veterinarians report consultations for mastitis, ventilation and feeding.
Some veterinarians report that the health of our animals is getting worse.
Some veterinarians require that the person has a two year training at an accredited college.
Some veterinarians say that mating a stud and bitch every other day is the way to a full litter.
Some veterinarians specialize in dentistry and are board-certified.
Some veterinarians specialize only in treating horses.
Some veterinarians treat just one type of animal.
Some veterinarians treat large animals, such as horses and cows.
Some veterinarians use iodine or prescription anti-fungals.
Some veterinarians work evenings and weekends so owners can bring in their pets after work.
Veterinary activities begin immediately at the college.
Veterinary acupuncture is a healing art that is centuries old.
Veterinary advice is available to local councils.
Veterinary advice is necessary due to possible adverse endotoxic reactions.
Veterinary anatomy is the study of the form, construction and development of animals.
Veterinary applications parallel human use for management of pain and inflammation.
Veterinary assistance is available at all times.
Veterinary assistance is required.
Veterinary assistants are primarily responsible for helping a veterinary technician or veterinarian.
Veterinary assistants examine animals for a veterinarian.
Veterinary assistants feed, water, bathe, groom, and exercise animals.
Veterinary assistants move animals and prepare equipment before procedures.
Veterinary assistants provide basic care for sick animals.
Veterinary attention is essential because of the seriousness of side effects.
Veterinary attention is necessary.
Veterinary attention is needed if ingestion was recent, or if clinical signs are present.
Veterinary attention is required for abscesses.
Veterinary behaviorists are board-certified specialists.
Veterinary bills can be awesome when dogs have chronic or recurrent health problems.
Veterinary cardiology is another growing specialty area.
Veterinary care consists of the usual immunizations and perhaps a worming when worms are present.
Veterinary care includes nutritional supplements, medication and, in some cases, surgery.
Veterinary care is actually a bargain, compared to the cost of human health care and other services.
Veterinary care is an essential part of an animal care program.
Veterinary care is an important aspect to owning and keeping any reptile, especially chameleons.
Veterinary care is available in Bar Harbor.
Veterinary care is non-existent.
Veterinary care is ongoing.
Veterinary care is paid for, and food is provided.
Veterinary care is provided according to the dog's needs, always including neutering or spaying.
Veterinary care is provided by three clinical veterinarians.
Veterinary care is recommended.
Veterinary care is sporadic and supplies are grossly inadequate.
Veterinary care is to be provided in a timely manner when needed.
Veterinary check is advisable before purchasing a puppy.
Veterinary clinics abound.
Veterinary clinics are subject to greater regulation and more health department inspections.
Many veterinary clinics display a preserved heart infected with heartworm in a jar.
Some veterinary clinics provide counseling services for grieving pet owners.
Veterinary college comes after a general undergraduate four-year college program.
Veterinary colleges vary in their requirements.
All veterinary colleges have websites that provide more specific information.
Many veterinary colleges have Internet sites for the public.
Most veterinary colleges are state schools.
Most veterinary colleges have at least one theriogenologist.
Most veterinary colleges require at least two years of college before admission.
Veterinary consultation is necessary.
Veterinary consultation is provided at the request of the investigator or their technicians.
Veterinary consultation is recommended.
Veterinary costs are minimal.
Veterinary costs comprise the bulk of our expenses.
Veterinary costs soar.
All veterinary costs are additional to the boarding fee as outlined below.
Veterinary dentist can provide fillings, crowns, root canals, and even orthodontia work.
Veterinary dentists can install crowns and replacement teeth for pets with damaged or missing teeth.
Most veterinary dentists refer to a staging system when characterizing an animal's mouth.
Veterinary dermatologists disagree as to which is better.
Veterinary examinations indicate the animals are happy and healthy.
Veterinary expenses are usually quite low.
Veterinary experts estimate that nearly one in five adult dogs suffers from osteoarthritis.
Veterinary experts say they can be turned into frightening and effective weapons.
Most veterinary facilities accept payment by major credit cards.
Veterinary groups oppose leghold traps.
Veterinary groups oppose the use of the steel-jaw leghold trap.
Veterinary homeopathy is homeopathy as applied to the treatment of animals.
Veterinary hospitals are located in universities.
Veterinary hospitals receive no government assistance.
Many veterinary hospitals accept after-hours patients for emergencies.
Most veterinary hospitals accept credit cards.
Most veterinary hospitals accept major credit cards.
Most veterinary hospitals use old towels, sheets, and blankets for bedding.
Veterinary incomes are around the middle of the professional range.
Veterinary literature shows that the hereditary disease occurs in thirty-one breeds.
Veterinary manuals talk openly about serum reactions.
Veterinary medicine contributes daily to critical advances in both animal and human health.
Veterinary medicine has an important place in food safety.
Veterinary medicine has to be a way of life, really.
Veterinary medicine involves animal care and research.
Veterinary medicine is a domain in which acupuncture and homeopathy are practiced.
Veterinary medicine is a great field because it encompasses so many different areas.
Veterinary medicine is a noble profession.
Veterinary medicine is a rapidly advancing scientific field.
Veterinary medicine is a service business.
Veterinary medicine is a significant and special way to work.
Veterinary medicine is as scientific as human medicine.
Veterinary medicine is different of course.
Veterinary medicine is medicine
Veterinary medicine is medicine.
Veterinary medicine is no exception.
Veterinary medicine is responsible for protecting the health and welfare of both animals and humans.
Veterinary medicine is very similar to human medicine.
Veterinary medicine offers constant conflicts of interest.
Veterinary medicine offers jobs from company research, field study to private practice.
Veterinary medicine offers so much variety in work and professional activities.
Veterinary medicine plays a critical role in food safety.
Veterinary medicine provides career opportunities equally good for women as for men.
Veterinary medicine uses the same chemotherapy drugs used in human oncology.
Veterinary nurses are the backbone of any veterinary practice.
Veterinary nutrition is fifty years ahead of human nutrition.
Veterinary offices conduct fecal analyses.
